
Don't miss our virtual event happening tonight. I'm sharing my personal playbook for investing and real estate. Get your ticket at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships.


I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, George Kamel. RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host Today. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. The call is free and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. Yeah, jump in. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. We'd love to talk to you tonight. For those of you listening live through one methodology or another. We're on about 80, 83 different platforms of different kinds with this show. But if you're able to listen on Tuesday for whatever Tuesday evening, we will be doing the Investing Essentials workshop tonight. George and I just came out of a rehearsal.


This is about a two hour event this evening and tomorrow evening, Tuesday and Wednesday night, if you buy a VIP ticket, you have 30 days worth of replay. You can watch it over and over and over for 30 days. So no, no rush, no problem, whatever. But you do need to get your ticket. If you want to watch this evening live, he and I will be doing investing tonight. Tomorrow night we'll be doing investing in real estate. And George is loving this, bringing out your, I know you look very GQ on the surface, but underneath we know you're a true nerd. I love it. I just watching Dave unpack a formula. I don't know. That's my new hobby, I guess.


But it really is. It's stuff we've never talked about on the show mostly 'cause you thought it was too dry and and Boring. It's, it's too nerdy. But then people would No, no, no. Dave, we actually want to know how do you select a mutual fund out of all the investment options? We're gonna cover that. It's too nerdy. How do you calculate the cash on cash return to know if the investment property is worth It? How do you do an internal rate of return on a piece of real estate? It's too nerdy, but I do it all. 'cause I also am a super nerd. So couple super nerds. Tagging up. Tagging up tonight. Investing essentials, virtual event. My pastor used to say, A man with an experience is not at the mercy of a man with an opinion. I own about $600 million worth of real estate.


I'm 64 years old. I've got a lot of money in other investments as well. This is not something I wish I knew something about. It's, I can't fix your car, but I can tell you how to do this because I have done this a lot. No theories here. Not theory, real life. This is not a think tank. This is not your broke financial professor. Financial professor with an opinion. So tonight, March 4th and fifth, we're gonna be doing this. It's a two hour each night. It's standalone. So it's a 4, 4, 4 and a half hours worth of virtual event. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com, get your tickets. We'll come into the top of the hour here.


Bragging about that 'cause it is tonight. Angela is with us in Rochester, New York. Hi Angela. What's up? Well, hi. I recently won a nice chunk of money in the lottery. Wow. How much did you win? I won 3 million. Wow. Whoa. Yeah, unfortunately I of course didn't get anywhere near that. I got 997,000 After taxes. Yeah, after taxes and lump sum. The 3 million is the total payout if you take it over 83 bazillion years and not, and not counting taxes. Yeah. So you took it all lump sum. So you got a million bucks. I did. Way to go. Yeah. That's fun. Incredible. Thank you. I'm happy for you. Thank you. I was too.


I just don't know what to do. Now I've been meeting with a lot of different advisors, but then I'm also reading about a possible market crash and I don't know what to do. Yeah, Okay. I hope there's a market crash right before you put this money in. Yeah, that would Be nice because it's, because it's gonna go straight up after that. So I don't think there's gonna be a market crash. In other words, lemme tell you how much of my money I pulled out of the market in fear of a market crash. Precisely zero. Okay. Matter of fact, I'm steadily investing. Okay. Real estate and stock market. Both. Okay. There's a boom. A coming baby ride the wave. All Right. Now here's the thing. When you're meeting with those investors, how intimidated are you?


I'm not intimidated. Well, I can't say that. I don't really understand it all. There you go. That's where I am. Very lost at what to do. So I've got my bank account. I've, I've got a bunch of Gen Zs in their twenties that work here. We've got a whole bunch of digital products at RAMSEY. I know nothing about it. They work for me, but they're smarter than me and I have no idea what they're talking about. You know what I'm talking about? Okay. So I go into a room full 'em the other day and I'm like, Hey, they're talking and they're using letters and all this stuff. Like they're in the military. I have no idea what they're talking about. And I'm like, Hey guys, just humor of the old guy who writes your check. Tell me what the flip is going on in this room. Explain like I'm Five, please explain it till I understand it.


'cause you work here and work for me. My name's on the building. I'm not being mean about this. I'm just really curious what it is we do in this room. So you, so they spent about 30 minutes teaching me and with a good spirit. And I had a good spirit of receptively listening and learning. 'cause I really did wanna know what they were doing. I'm always perpetually curious around here. And that's what you're gonna do. These people work for you, these investing advisors, meaning you can fire them at a hot drop of a hat if they're not good at explaining or if they make you feel insecure with their snotty approach. So you're looking for the heart of a teacher with anyone giving you advice. Because your job is not to hire someone else to do this for you.


Your job is to hire someone to teach you to do it for yourself. Okay. That way you won't lose the money. That's my fear. You're not gonna lose it. You're gonna go slow and you're not gonna put it in anything you don't understand. Okay. And you remember everything that's written on the internet's. True. Abraham Lincoln said that. Yeah. That's what my friends say. If it's not on Facebook, it's not true. Yeah, it doesn't happen. Right. So stay off the internet for financial advice. Okay? All Right. Sit down and talk to old seasoned people who will teach you. And when you come away from the meeting, you've, you feel two things smarter and peaceful.


If you don't have that sense in your spirit, if you don't feel more confident, smarter and peaceful, you got the wrong people in your corner. That's what you're looking for. If you do that, you won't lose the money. Right George? Yeah. You think it's better to invest it or just keep like divide 250,000 a pound banks until I feel better. So it's utterly Secure. I just put, I put $3 million into the stock market last week. Okay. 25% is what stock market went up last year, right? What's 25% of 3 million, Right? Yeah. What do you make, Angela? What do you make from your job? 10% is 300,000.


By the way. I'm actually retired. Oh, I bring 62,000 in. I have a couple of defined benefit pension plans. Good. Yeah. And my husband makes about 110 a year. Okay. So if you put a million dollars in it, it makes 20%. That's 200,000. If instead you put it into a savings account 'cause you're scared and you don't learn and you make 1%, you lost $200,000. That's a much better way of looking at it. Yeah. That's, That's opportunity cost. It's called opportunity cost. You missed an opportunity by not learning. So learn, learn, learn, learn, learn. Get comfortable. And don't invest in the stock market or in real estate.


If you're wanting to do a short term play, you want to think, I'm not gonna touch this for five years once I put it in there. Okay? If you do that and then you just turn off the news, you'll be okay. But learn, learn, learn, learn, learn. You and your husband sit down with these advisors. And if you want some more to, to have the heart of a teacher, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on smart, trusted Pros. Pros, smart vest. Pros. And find the ones in your area. Interview two or three. Talk to tax people, real estate people, insurance people, until they have the heart of a teacher. If they're snotting you, they drop their glasses down on the end of their nose and they have all the answers.


And you're just the stupid little people who got lucky. You have a million dollars, they don't. So tell 'em to shut up. They're fired. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys. I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's A gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance, Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xander.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


This is The Ramsey Show. George Campbell, RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host. George, when you were a wee toddler, there was a fabulous comedian out named Steve Martin. Oh, I love Steve. And he had a whole bit that said you need to get a million dollars and not pay taxes. He said, how do you wanna be a millionaire and not pay taxes? He said, the first thing you do is you get a million dollars. That's Good advice. And then you don't pay taxes. Now that was, it was a funny, it was a funny bit. But you know, one, I, when I get a call from someone like our last caller before the break, Angela and she got a million dollars from the lottery. I always think, where does money come from?


Where does wealth come from? And there's a lot of places you can get money. You can win the lottery. You can have a rich uncle that dies and leave you a million dollars. You can be scuba diving in the Caribbean and find gold bars from a Spanish galleon that wrecked It. Sounds personal. Yeah. I mean that's, that could happen. I mean, people, you know, there's a lot. You could treasure hunt, you could do all kinds of things. Get a Settlement check, sell a Business. Yeah, you could. You could be in a car wreck. I mean, you could get a million dollars from a lot of places and become wealthy. What we are in the business of, however, here is giving you a path that has a super high probability of working.


Not a super low probability of working. Now if you get a million dollars from a low probability, like not a chance, it's happening again. Like winning the lottery, we're gonna celebrate with you 'cause we were nice to Angela and we wanna celebrate with her. But I don't want you folk out there to misunderstand that the lottery is a high probability of building wealth. As a matter of fact, statistically it is a, it is a tax on poor people. Most people that play the lottery live in lower income zip codes. In the state of Tennessee, we have this wonderful program where the lottery money is used to send people to college. The people that go to college in Tennessee using the lottery money are typically middle class and upper class kids going to money, going to college on lottery money that was paid by poor people playing the lottery in lower income zip codes who never use those scholarships.


So it's a completely bogus, horrible system. Now, Angela benefited from it and I'm not mad at her. We'll help her and celebrate with her that she became a millionaire with this. But I want you folks to know, here's the actual, this is hilarious to me, but it's mathematically factual. Okay? If you walk one mile to the market to buy the lottery ticket, you are 12 times more likely to be struck by lightning twice during the one mile walk. That's statistically wow than you are to buy the winning lottery ticket.


Lottery ticket. That's how bad this program sucks. And people Go, I'll take my chances, Dave. Yeah, I'll get, I'll get struck by lightning twice. I mean, number of people that, I mean really, I mean it's like something off of Instagram, but no. Okay, I want a high probability. I want something that works most of the time for average intelligence people. 'cause that's what I am. I don't wanna have to be a genius. I don't want have to be lucky beyond statistical probability. I want something that works. And that's what we teach here. So, but if you were to come into wealth by one of these other weird means, George and all the personalities, we will celebrate with you. We love you. If you have a rich uncle, you're the one that did. I always wondered who it was.


It was you. 'cause it wasn't me and it wasn't George. No. If I had one, he didn't leave me any money. I don't know where he is. I might be the rich uncle, but I'm not leaving the nephews anything. They're, it's all going to my kids. No one's ever left you in their will. No. Yeah, my grandmother did. I got $5,000 from my grandma. Hey, that's a tiny lottery. Yeah, we were just married and I have no idea where that money went. It's gone just poof. It just disappeared. Like I blame Sharon, Like mist in the wind. But that's the deal. Poke. So anyway, I just want you to know, just because we celebrate with someone who had a good event does not mean that's an endorsement of their strategy. Of that methodology. Okay. 12 times more likely to be struck by lightning twice in a one mile walk than you are statistically to buy a winning lottery ticket.


That's pretty low odds. Just saying. Alright, Samuel's with us in Los Angeles, California. Hi Samuel, how are you? Good. Good morning guys. Thank you for having me on the show. Our pleasure. How can we help you? Yeah, so my name is Samuel Baron. I'm 26 years old. I've been following your principles since I was a teenager about 18, 19. Your advice on living debt free and investing has helped me build a $5 million net worth at 26. Way to go. Wow. Thank you. I have a big question. I'm, and I'm really confused on what's next. So I made my first million at 22.


I invested all my profits, I made, I've live in, I still live in my mom's living room and I eat McDonald's and Chipotle every single day, which is, which isn't the best. But my question is, what's the meaning of life when the money game feels solved? Is it about starting a family or buying the dream home that I've been looking at for the past eight years? Or is it something deeper? Oh, good for you. How old? You say you're 25? 26. 26. Cool. I appreciate you calling, dude. Thank you. I'll take a stab at it. Number one, $5 million. The money game's not solved.


Okay. You can screw this up in about 20 minutes. Have nothing. I had 4 million worth of real estate when I was 26 and I went completely bankrupt by the time I was 30. So it can't, you can screw this up. It's not over. But you have done a wonderful job. Congratulations. So, I mean, if you got 500 million, we'll talk about slowing down, but 5 million, no, you're not there yet. So, but, but what you're figuring out is, is that just stacking cash doesn't have meaning. And I'll go along with that for sure. Well done. And you've done a wonderful job of stacking cash. You're amazing. Congratulations, sir. But what we figured out a long time ago, I met God on the way up. I got to know him on the way down when I lost everything, Samuel.


And what I've learned as, as a person of faith is, is that true joy comes through serving, not through getting, giving, not getting, adding value. Not taking value. And so I I think you'll have a, a level of happiness when you just go get you an apartment and a better diet. Yeah, I'm working on it. Yeah. No, I mean, really. I mean, like by, by by the end of the week, I want you in an apartment, you need to get outta your mother's living room. You're 26 years old, you got $5 million. What the flip are you doing at home? Go be a man. Here's the thing is that I bought a quadplex in LA last year, but it's fully owner occupied, so I couldn't that that was Well that's fine.


Go get an apartment. I didn't say you had to move into that. Well, yeah, you, I mean, you're right. Yeah, I'm right. Except the whole, The whole reason why I I've been working is I, I just want this house that I've been looking at for years and I, and that's what I'm Truly going. Yeah. But when you get that, it's gonna have the same exact feeling. It's just a stupid house. Every time you get a nice thing, there's a better one. And some goober on the internet will show it to you. The algorithm, when your social media feed will go, man, you should own 20 properties by the time you're 26. And so the goalpost is always gonna keep moving. Yeah. Until you decide.


I want you to save up for that house too. I don't mind that, but dude, I don't know what the flip you're doing to make money, but you're doing a great job of handling the money. But you're, but you're, what you're telling me is, is that all of your effort and energy and psychology and spirituality has been aimed at one target. And that's money and that's a pretty, that's a pretty stupid target. It's, it's a good target, but it's not the all encompassing target. So go have a life to, I mean, I want you to go enjoy some meals with a beautiful woman called a date and go get you a, an apartment and like a life. Have you got a car? Yeah, I have a little, what is it? Eight different? Yeah. So me and my girlfriend have been together since middle school and we've done all the Done.


Why is she hanging out with you when you're still live in your mother's living room? I have no, I mean, she tells me the same thing. I'm not good. That's, I hear it. So I hear it all the time, man. I love You man. You're awesome. You are a great guy. You're amazing. Thank you so much for calling. Hey man, really go invest some of this in your, in having a quality life, not just in investments. You Got a flat tire right now. You got the money part down. Let's focus on spiritual growth, physical health, social relationships, family. That's what's gonna give you a lot more purpose. On top of doing what Dave said in giving and serving. I was just a little bit younger than you when I landed in a good church, changed my life.


It taught me how to serve. And there's more joy in serving, in giving than there is in taking and adding and stacking cash. Go stack you some cash, but go have a life too, my man. It's time. Today's the day. Move out now. Like with this week. Friday. Friday. That's your deadline. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows student loan debt is a problem. It's me, my husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote and less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for auto pay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from student loan debt. If you want 'em gone, you can't mess around. Go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


George Kamel RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. David is with us. Hi David. How are you? I'm doing real well. Good man. Where do you live? I live in Wilmar, south of Los Angeles. Cool. Welcome to Nashville. Thank you. And all the way on the other side of the United States to do a debt free scream baby. Of course. I love it. How much did you pay off? 230,000. Wow. How long did this take you? Six years and four months. Wow. Good for you. Good for you. And what was your range of income during that time? Well, I, my income was about 200,000 a year.


Cool. And what do you do for a living? I, I'm a salesman for a packaging company. Very good. Awesome. Excellent man. What kind of debt was this? 230,000? Well, it was my mortgage and so I used my side job, which is real estate to pay that off. You paid off your house? Yes. Wow. In California? Yes. No less. Well done sir. Thank you. Boom, boom, boom. I'm looking at weird people. A paid for house. Just south hustle of Los Angeles Hustle. What's this house worth? About 600,000. Way to go, man. How much have you got in your retirement nest egg? A little over a million. All Right. So worth almost $2 million. How old are you? 64.


I Love it, man. Congratulations. Thank you. Whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop. How's that feel? It feels great. It feels great. It, it's actually, since I paid it off in December, not to have a mortgage since January is just, it's awesome. It's just like, you feel like no weight on your shoulder. That's Right. Nothing's being taken out. Yeah. I love it. Very good. So what inspired you to try to do this at six years ago? At what, 58 years old, you said, I'm gonna pay off my house fast. Well, what I did was I had like a PMI on my original mortgage and so I, they wouldn't take it off. So I had to find another mortgage company to take the TPMI off and it was actually owed two 70.


So what I did was I had some money saved up from real estate and when I refinanced, I actually wired the money to the, to the new lender so that, that dropped it from two 70 to two 30. And they were going like, well, why don't you just take money out? So that was my situation. Okay. How'd you run into all this RAMSEY stuff Years ago in church. Okay. A program. Okay. And so the snowball has always been in my mind. Okay. And just decided I'm gonna knock this house out. Absolutely, Man. That's so cool. Now you mentioned this side hustle of doing real estate. Yes. That helped to pay it off. Yes. What were you doing? Well, I do a couple deals a year specializing in probate and I just really liked it.


It was like a hobby and that's really what helped me with the big, you know, chunks of change to pay it Off. So you were finding deals out of estates that were good bargains and flipping 'em? No, not flipping, just being the listing agent. Oh, okay. You're selling 'em, helping the people solve the problem. Yeah, calling the, calling the family and, and sharing, you know, what my, what I can do for them and, and that's how I did it. Good For you. Wow. That's neat. So good commission I guess having a sales background, good commissions Then. Yeah. Yeah. Good commissions to be able to do that and, and so that's, that helped me a lot. Plus a great income. Absolutely. Very, very cool. So who was your biggest cheerleader while you're doing all this? Pretty much just, it was me.


I'm my own. Well one of the reasons I'm here is I'm doing this for my kids so I can be an example. Oh, Okay. Very cool. How old are your kiddos? Let's see, 35, 33. I got one in the Navy. He's 26. And then my youngest is 21. Alright, Very good. Very good. Cool. Good for you. Well, well it is a good example. They can look over there and go, look, he saved money, he paid off his house. He's got a couple million dollars, he's 64 years old, he's not gonna be calling us for food. Sigh of relief from the kids. We don't have to take care of dad in his old age. He's gonna be just fine with his big old nest egg and paid for house. That's Great. Yeah. Well done sir. I'm very proud of you. Thank you Dave. Very good.


Very well done. I appreciate you making the trip over here. Of course. So what, what made you decide I'm going all the way to Nashville to do this? Why did that mean something? Well, You know, the last six years I, I knew that this is what I can do. I wanted to come here. I do it for my kids, but also, you know, the goal of being debt free and there's no other place to come except here. Yeah. We're the place that lets you celebrate it. That's right. That's for sure. Yeah. Well, good man. Very cool. We're honored that, that you would, that we would be what you'd look, this, this stage is what you'd look forward to. Yes. That's pretty, pretty neat. Very neat. What's next for you? What are you dealing with? The figured up mortgage payment. You know what, I'm gonna actually fix my house. I, I didn't do anything to it. It needs flooring. It needs a bunch of stuff.


So I sacrifice that for, for getting this thing paid. You Put off the remodel? That's right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Cash flow pretty easily now. Yes, Absolutely. It's Awesome. So when someone's listening and they're in their fifties and they say, I've still got a quarter million dollars owed on a house, what do you tell 'em? The secret to getting outta debt is? Well, I really think that if you can get a job, a side job that can really help you out and help you make those snowball payments slowly but surely, it works. It, the whole thing reminds me of that, that book where the Red Fern grows and that young man, it took him two years to save $40 and he bought two hounds.


And that's how, you know, it goes quick, but it's just little steps. And I would say the side job is what really saved me. Yeah, yeah. Well You weren't, you weren't scared of work It propelled you. That's for sure. Yes, yes. Excellent job, David. Good stuff. All Right. Now what was the town called again? Will DeMar. Will DeMar. Will DeMar California. Yes. South of Los Angeles. Yes. I'm learning my geography right now. $230,000 paid off in six years and four months. That's house and everything. House is worth about 600. Got about a million in the old retirement. So getting bumping up towards $2 million net worth at 64 years old.


Congratulations David. You did it. We're proud of you. Hero. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. Debt free. Got right to the chase. That's six years worth of waiting. Yeah, that I Love it. Get to use your outdoor voice indoors. That's, that's the joy of the debt-free scream. Cathartic. It's, it is. But you know what, so few people do it. I mean he's one of the rare people out there call millionaires baby steps millionaires. They follow the baby steps. They got out of debt, paid off their house, built their retirement, built their kids' college in some cases, not his. But you know, you do all those things and then you look over there and there's a stinking pile of money and you're okay.


Everything's gonna be okay. And mainly because of the habits you built during that time, the character you built during that time, you get transformed in the process. Yeah. That patience and delayed gratification. I mean, you heard him saying, I've lived on less than I made, I put off things and it's worth it. I mean, six years, it feels like a long time. It's gonna happen. It's gonna fly by. You're gonna be 64 at one point or another. So do you want to have a paid for house or do you wanna have lifestyle creep take over and you got a pile of debt going? I hope I can retire one day. That's normal in America. Yeah. I mean, last week we took calls from 71-year-old who had no money and didn't know how she was gonna eat. A guy who was in his mid seventies had no money, didn't know how he was gonna eat.


Counting on social insecurity. You work your whole life and I'm gonna count on the government, which is well known for its ability to handle money, to take care of me. That's a dumb plan. But not David David's doesn't have a house payment. He's sitting on a lot Million bucks in retirement. Yeah. Sitting on plenty of income and still, you know, enjoying his work and, and even enjoying the side hustle, which is pretty lucrative obviously. So very cool. Very well done. Yeah. And that's how you do it, folks. I mean, it doesn't happen accidentally, this winning thing. No. In our millionaire study, we found what average millionaire happens at 49 years old and they pay off their house in 10.2 years. That's the average. And so he probably fell right, right in there. He is a little faster on the mortgage payoff, but it's, it's really not rocket science.


And it's really not that impressive when you look at what was going on there. They just consistently put money away, consistently made extra mortgage payments. There was No rocket size. Well it is impressive because no one else do it does it But it's not superhuman. Yeah, it's not, it's not out of reach. You can just decide I'm gonna do that. And that's all he did. He was just a very decisive person. He said, I'm, I'm very low key. I'm just gonna do it. Yeah. Unassuming. I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna go win. I'm gonna go win the Super Bowl and then I can scream I'm debt free on the Ramsey Solutions debt-free state worth it. I love it. And we got a, a gift for him. Two EveryDollar subscriptions that he can use or give to someone else to kickstart their journey. Got those kids in their thirties, we hand that hand that stuff off right there. Keep it going, keep it going.


He said he wanted to be an example for him. That's how this works. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They'll also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen y'all, there's no better way to take care of healthcare costs. Chm programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Our question today is brought to you by why refi our defaulted private student loan payments dragging you down. Why refi could help you save thousands of dollars. Visit why refi.com/ RAMSEY to see how they can help. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Shelby in Idaho. My husband and I have been married for 15 years and have two children. We're on baby steps four, five, and six last year he was diagnosed with leukemia and underwent chemo and a bone marrow transplant. My husband's estranged sister was a perfect match, which probably saved his life. Now she has gotten herself deep in debt trying to flip houses and rent out Airbnbs and has started asking us for money. We already gave her several thousand dollars last month. We have heard from other relatives that she has started asking them for large amounts as well. My husband feels obligated to give her money because she saved his life. And we know she'll be asking against us again soon. How should we respond? Whew.


There was no, if I give you bone marrow, you give me money contract here. Nor was there any implied thing like that. What you do wanna do is help someone you love anytime you can help someone you love. But not, but no, he's not, he's not obligated to give her money to rearrange the deck chairs on the Titanic 'cause she's going down. And if you give her $10,000, you're never, it doesn't help. She has bigger problems than $10,000. If you give her a thousand dollars, it doesn't help.


You're rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic. So what you've gotta do is say, okay, she helped me now I'm going to help her. Now let's define what help is. What does sister really need? Well, she needs to stop doing this stupid but stuff she's doing that's killing her. Not you throw money into her LSD financial trip here. This is nuts. And so real help, real love is to sit down and say, sister, you gave me the gift of life and I'm gonna give you a gift in return.


The financial plan that you are on is going to bankrupt you. And I don't want to see you hurt. You need to stop this. You need to confront her stupidity. That is an act of courage. That is an act of love. That is helping, giving money, giving a drunk a drink, giving a money to a cocaine addict so they can buy their cocaine is not love. And this is financial cocaine, this woman's own. Yeah. I'm deeply leveraged. I'm losing money on Airbnb. Oh shoot me. You bought all, you got all your dad gum real estate advice off of TikTok.


Oh my god. Of course it's failing. Yeah. You can't compare the health crisis that he went through and go, Hey, the quid pro quo is I support financial misbehavior for the rest of my life. That's not gonna work. So it's gonna be a, a tough conversation. Well, And you can't save her. Yeah. And it might hurt the relationship. Unless you got a million dollars, you wanna bail her out completely of all these mortgages, you can't save her. 'cause the the track she's on is a bankruptcy track. This vending machine's gonna keep eating your money. Now The only thing you can do, step in front of the train and say, I love you. Stop the train because I love you. I'm gonna tell you the truth. No one's telling you the truth. The emperor has no clothes.


What you are doing is straight up stupid. You're gonna bankrupt. And that most people won't tell somebody that they supposedly love the truth. They just, they'll do anything to keep from telling. 'cause it sounds like conflict. But that's real love. That's real help. Real love is when my children were little, I made 'em brush their teeth. So they have some later, even if they don't want to. Real love is, you did some uncomfortable things if you were a RAMSEY child growing up. 'cause we were not trying to raise great kids. We were trying to raise kids who became great adults.


And so real love involved some things that were uncomfortable for their short term and comfortable for their long term. Like, get your freaking homework done. In today's world, it means when you're at Papa Dave's, we're not big on screens. So grandpa and grandma, we wanna like talk to you and look at your freaking little eyes. Put that crap down, you know? Oh my God. And so, I mean, yeah. That, that's real love. Do. Does a 4-year-old love that? No, they hate it. And then when I go to Papa Dave's, he won't let me play games for 73 hours on my iPad. Well then keep your little butt home. 'cause when you come to my house, squeeze it down.


Papa Dave's rules at Papa Dave's house. Sorry. That's the way that works. You've now entered my domain little person. That's how it works. So we love you so much. We're gonna do all kinds of wonderful things for your good, including hurt your little feelings. And that's what you need to do for your sister buddy. Not give her money and support her stupidity in the name of you helped me with my bone marrow. I'm, it's wonderful that you all have this kind of relationship that she was willing to do that because that's a painful operation and it's a hard process, but it doesn't mean you support her destroying herself. You do quite the opposite. If you really love her. Well that's tough love. No darling. It's real love.


It's not tough love. Tough love. I mean that What, what's the, what's the opposite of tough love enabling entitlement? No, no. Eh, eh, eh. You've got a choice. You've gotta choose healthy Conflict. No more money for the failed program. We're not putting fuel in the Titanic. We need to, we need to pull up lives alongside the dock and get some fuel. 'cause we're gonna go sink this thing. Let's get the dinghies out. Not with my, not with Papa Dave's money not doing it. Nope, nope, nope. And not with your money. Stop it. It's not real love guys. You just love somebody. You have to be kind and courageous and very clear that they have to stop doing the thing that is hurting them.


And you will support them in that process. But you will not support them in the process of self-destruction. Because I love you because you did something sacrificial for me. That's the very reason I will not participate in this delusional bull crap is that, I mean, people don't talk like that anymore, but we need 'em to. That's real freaking love. Dave is in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Hi Dave. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So, so my wife and I are living in a house. We're renting from her parents and we're thinking of buying the place from them.


But my wife is very nervous about the idea of getting into any sort of debt. And I'm not sure that we've actually saved up enough to do it. Okay. Are you debt free? We are. We have always been. Good. How much money do you have saved? Well, we have our six month emergency fund, and then on top of that we have about 12 grand. Okay. And how, how expensive is this property? We're actually in the process of trying to determine that. Oh, Come on. Gimme A range. We went on, or, or honestly, it could be anything from 90 to 145. Okay. All Right. We don't know. It's not super expensive and 12 grand. We'll get you into it.


No, it's What's your, what's your household income? I have been bringing home consistently about 64 a year, and I'm hoping to have that up above 80 this year. And she does not work outside the home? No, we have two kids under three. Cool. Okay. She works, but just not outside the home. Okay. She, she does a lot of work. Yeah, I can imagine. Oh my gosh. The numbers all work. You could buy the house Okay. With $12,000 down on a 15 year fix. No problem. O okay. Okay. Well, he, here's no reason not today. The only question I've got for you is if you were living in a one bedroom apartment and this house came on the market, would you be interested in it?


Or are you just ending up here because it happens to be all in the family? No, I would be, I would be interested in it. The only thing about it is that we are outgrowing the house. And so, Well, if you're in a one bedroom apartment or two bedroom apartment, you got two little kids or three bedroom, whatever. If you're renting somewhere you weren't emotionally attached to and had no re relatives tied to it, would you come by this house? Right. If the answer's yes, then buy it. You're financially ready. What do you think, George? Yeah, And if you wanna save up a little more and do this in six months, that's fine too. You just gotta weigh it out and go, we gotta get a little less house. But mortgage payment's probably gonna be about a thousand bucks. So it's reasonable for your income. Yeah. You're, you're in a, the numbers work on this.


You can do this on a 15 year fixed and you're fine. But the just don't buy something because it's handy. And the in-laws said do it. That's never a good reason why 'cause of something you would've bought anyway. And if that's the case, then game on baby. You're ready. You've done a good job, man. That's cool. This is The Ramsey Show. You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house.


Well, good news knock box, that's NOK Box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy Memories, not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history and one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's n ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. He's also the ho co-host of Smart Money Happy Hour with Rachel Cruz. One of our top shows here on the RAMSEY Networks. If you've not checked that out on YouTuber podcast, you should. They are way more fun than they should be allowed. And we even pay them for having that much fun.


I can't believe I get paid to dues If you YouTube goof off, get on there and make all make yourselves really popular. And I pay you for the opportunity. You green The show, so I'm Telling it's you. I actually did attend it finally. Yeah, it was great and had a lot of fun with y'all. Yeah. You're One of our top performing episodes, so congrats. No way. Yeah, no way. I don't think you beat Sharon Ramsey's episode, but Nobody beats Sharon. You Can't touch That. If you do, you don't tell her. So I'm just saying just let her, she, she gets to win all the time. That's the rule at our house. All Right. Carly is in Washington, DC Hey Carly, what's up? Hi. So my question is, my mom just paid off my brother's credit card debt, which is about $70,000.


What? Yeah, I know it. I know, I know. And you have thoughts on that? I do too. I begged her not to do it, but that's what happened. She's offering to give me the same amount of money, to be fair, I guess, or equal, like we're, it's just the two siblings and I'm conflicted about whether to take the money. Are there strings attached? Is it a loan? No, no, no, no. It's just, she just feels like, Has she got a lot of money? She she does. She can afford to do it. I think, I think she feels guilty for, for giving him the money.


'cause I think she knows she shouldn't have. No, no, I think she's just, I I mean my grandmother and my wife are the same way. That whatever, whatever one of 'em gets, the other one gets. I mean, it was, yeah, no gi no guilt. It's just all I accuse her of being a socialist. But, but you know, I don't think everything ought to be fair. I think fair is where the cotton county and the tilter world is. But, but, but yeah. My mo my my grandmother and my wife are exactly the same way. They would do, they would definitely have done this and no guilt at all. It's just like, that's what you're supposed to do. Do it for one, you do it for the other. It's real simple in their minds. Yeah. And it was her idea. She came to you and said, Hey, listen, you know what happened. I'd love to give you this money too. Yes.


She came to me. Yeah. Okay. That I think you need to drop the guilt for taking it. Could you? Well, I mean, the other p Could you use 70 grand right now? Everybody could send it to me. I mean, right. I mean, we have three kids, like obviously it would be helpful, but we, you know, we're not like You weren't asking for it. You're not needy, you're not begging. She has a million dollars or whatever. And if she gives away 140 of it at the, at this age of life, it doesn't affect her. Right. Right. Correct. Here's my take. We're Southern Baptist over here. We call that blocking a blessing. You don't wanna block a blessing and that's what you're doing right now by not allowing your mom to give you this money.


Don't do that. I mean, I didn't say no, I just, I just felt like conflicted about it because I, because also my brother does not have a lot of, doesn't have a high earning potential. Like he just doesn't have, that's Not your fault. The situation that I'm in with my husband and my kids, it's, It's not your fault That, okay, You didn't cause any of this. You just showed up to the party in the DNA pool. Right? Right. This is, you're the prodigal son's brother. Right. Prodigal son, misbehave Dad comes home and says, Hey, party at my house, prodigal son's back. And now you get to come to the party too and enjoy the feast. I see. No problem with this.


Okay. Regardless of my opinion of going 70 grand to debt and then having get outta jail free card. The fact that she wants to give you this money has no bearing on what happened there. Any Of that. Yeah. Yeah. As long as there's no, as long as she's not gonna come over and start managing your business after this. Okay. No strings attached. She's good at, she's good at boundaries and you are too, right? Yes. Yes. Okay. Do you harbor resentment for your sibling? You know, a a little bit. A little bit. It is like a lot of backstory here. Yeah, a little bit. That's good. I mean, I love him and I wanna help him and I feel like we've done everything we can and he's just not taking the help. So it's hard. Yeah. Yeah.


You're a good person. You are, you are. Good. Good. I agree. I agree. Now the last thing is, there's a little technical issue here that's more than you can give an individual from an individual without getting into gift tax. So she needs to investigate with her tax preparer or her estate planning attorney, the, write this down, the unified estate tax credit. She needs to use up some of her federal exemption on these two gifts to keep from getting gift taxed at 55% it is right now. So you gotta file All the right forms with the IRS. Well, mom's got a little paperwork to do. Her mom's gonna get spanked by the IRS and you don't want that.


There's no need. One simple piece of paper will keep that from happening. All Right. You, you can, I mean, an individual cannot give an individual $70,000 in without gift tax and without u utilizing something like the unified estate tax credit using some of your federal estate tax exemption towards the gift. That's what it amounts to. So please make sure, 'cause mom may never file it, but someday they might audit her and then, oh my goodness, we're gonna have a 40 or a $50,000 tax bill on these things. And you just don't want that. It's not a good idea.


Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. You know, that's last hour we had the question about the bone marrow and do I have to take care? Do I have to take care of my sisters? Do I have to give her money for misbehaving with money? Now brothers misbehaving with money, mom bails him out. And so there's a, I think a lot of the questions that people have, and a lot of questions we get around here, are around this idea of how, how do I be kind to ridiculous extended family behaviors regarding money, asking for money, expecting money being entitled to money.


Mom, you know, taking care of basically enabling a brother probably is what she's saying. She's a little bit bitter about that. I don't blame her. And then how do I, how do I respond to her wanting to give me money so she feels better about herself, which is kind what she's doing. Probably. Yeah. But the man, there's a lot of stuff going on there. So money does not make the world go round. Try it again. Money does not make the world, it does not fix broken hearts. It does not make bad behavior become good behavior. It does not make lack of discipline look like discipline.


Money doesn't fix those things. When you pour money on messes, it makes the messes bigger. Magnifies it doesn't make them smaller. It actually, yeah, it peels back any illusion that this was okay and makes it just really look stupid. Money does that. It magnifies good character and bad character, good behavior and bad behavior. But money in and of itself is not a sve. It doesn't, it doesn't fix everything for you. I'll be okay. No, you won't. You'll still be mad. You'll still have a broken heart. You'll still it. It's, that's not what it's for.


This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All Right, so I was born and raised in Texas and I love the myth of the lone cowboy. You know, the guy who doesn't need anyone or anything. It's a fun story and it's a lie in our self-obsessed society. We're obsessed about our own diets, our own workout routines, our own jobs, our own social media feeds, everything. It's easy to forget that no one can do life alone. And I don't care if you're an introvert, an extrovert, or whatever you wanna call yourself. We all have to have a community and a support system to do life with. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all by ourselves to knowing that we can only be well and whole when we ask for help. Therapy can be a great source of help and support for any area of your life. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy so it can fit with your schedule. To get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost this month. Start to build your support system with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


It's the last call for our two night virtual event, Dave Ramsey's Investing Essentials. It's set for May 21 and 22. And you do not wanna miss this. I'll unpack my personal playbook on investing and real estate and show you how you can feel confident in your investments too. Tickets are 1 99, snag a VIP ticket and you'll get two sessions with a RAMSEY preferred coach. You can join from anywhere. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events and get your ticket today.


George Kamel RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Michelle is in Cincinnati. Hi Michelle, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave, thanks so much for taking my call. I am on baby step two. I have been on baby step two for about a year. My conundrum is I have an opportunity to take a job in a really remote location really far away from family. My kids are grown, but I was widowed about 25 years ago and raised them all on my own. But the positive to all of this is that it comes with a lot of financial benefit to help out with student loan debt and such.


And I'm kind of feeling guilt for wanting to do this, going so far away from family for financial. So I'm kind of like, is it loving money that I wanna do this for or does it Financially just, no, you love freedom and you're wanting to be free of the debt, Right? Yeah. That's not loving money that's wanting to be free. That's a valid thing. Sacrifice. That's a valid thing. So the, you know, it's what I always look at on something like this is what's the, the the return on the effort. And what's the timeframe? 'cause I could do anything for a short period of time. I don't wanna sign up for 10 years in Uganda or whatever it is.


Right. I mean, no thank you. Two Years. Two years and two years. And how much, how much do you make now? How much would you make if you did this? And how fast will you get out of debt? Willow would basically give roughly about a hundred thousand toward my student loan debt. So it would cut it over half and it would give me a lot of financial freedom after that two years, like coming back and actually being able to spend time with grandkids and such. So you, You would be debt free after two years Close to debt free? Yeah. I would probably still have maybe about $30,000 in student loan debt, but yeah. And if You stay the course you're on now, how long would it take to pay off the debt?


Hopefully social security will pay it off. Yikes. No, it's gonna be a, it won't either. It Won't. No, it won't. So, yeah. How are you, How old are You? I'm 53. So you're saying you, you, you have no other real, I mean it's gonna, how much student loan debt did you run up? I, well, I ran up 120,000, but kicking the can down the road, as you say, it's close to about 165 right now that I used. Yeah. I used it to supplement my income raising my kids when my husband died. My kids were young, we had nothing. It was a suicide, So we literally had nothing.


So it, yeah. So I stayed at home, went to college late and I did it so that I can be with How long ago was his, was his death 25 years ago? I was 26. So this has been following you forever For a while. Yeah. Yeah. And You could give up two years and be done. Yes. And my kids are supportive. I think my, I mean, emotionally the trade off is okay. 25 years of hell, two years I can be rid of it. Yeah. That's a good trade. The Kids will be okay. However, That, that is not you chasing money. It is you chasing freedom. Okay. Okay. I needed to hear that. I think from a Christian standpoint, I agree.


That's I agree. Where they hear, yeah, I agree. It's not, it's not greed that's driving this. It's anything. But it's quite the opposite. It's, you have had the hell beat outta you financially. Yeah. Yeah. And you're wanting to get this behind you. Yeah. I don't blame you. Okay. This is, this is bandaid rip off. Yeah. And I'm good with that. I mean, I was brought up by a marine, so I'm okay with that. Hard work. I don't have a problem with that. I just wanted to, from a Christian financial standpoint, wanted to make sure. Yeah, I, I don't, I I think it's quite the opposite from a Christian financial standpoint. I think this is time for my daughter, my sister, the widow to be free. I think she's been under the thumb of the freaking government long enough with these student loans beating her to death.


I would love for you to be free daughter. Awesome. Now what are they gonna pay at the remote location? Actual pay. Actual Pay. Yeah. Actual, actual pay. It'll come out to be about 95,000 gross. Okay. And then they're gonna get pay off a bunch of your student loan debt and they're probably providing housing. 'cause you're in the middle of nowhere or something like that. Housing is cheaper. I'm like gonna be renting a room Okay. From somebody. So, yeah. Okay. All Right. So and you have 120,000 left Roughly? Yes. And they're gonna pay how much of that?


Up to a hundred thousand dollars. So it's 50,000 per Wow. Per year. Yeah. Okay then, then you're making 95 and living in a no place. Nowhere. One bedroom. You should be able to pay off the rest of it. I don't want you to come home with any debt. Right. That would be my hope. It's no, It's not a hope, it's a plan. Well, true. I mean, You're making 95,000, they're paying a hundred of the 120. Find the other 20 in two years, kiddo. Be done with this thing. Absolutely. Absolutely. Rear view mirror. Look in the past and go, that's where that needs to stay. Yeah. Do you have any other Debt? I have a credit card of like 8,000 from like, I had teeth repaired this year.


So, but travel. Okay. You got, you gotta stop travel, you gotta stop using this stuff. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta be clear. Your, your goal is freedom. A hundred percent freedom. Cut the card up, look at your budget and go, I'm not doing anything and these student loans are gonna die. This, this mess that, that I've lived through is gonna be in my rear view mirror and I'm gonna have a fresh start when I'm 55 years young. Yeah. The encore, the curtain goes up, you take a bow and you take one more act in the play. Yeah. And it's gonna be amazing. 'cause you're gonna be, first time you're gonna be free. 'cause you have poured your life out for everyone else to take care of the kids and to make sure everybody's okay.


And then to pay these stinking bills. And now you're gonna go give up two years of your life to take care of these bills. You're a strong cool woman. I like you a lot. You're amazing. Go get it done sister. Get it done. But be a hundred percent done when you come home. Don't screw around with this. Knock it out. Be done with it. That's very cool. I like it. First time she's gonna be debt free in her adult life, man. It's gonna taste different. Ouch. Asher's in Grand Rapids. Hey Asher. What's up? Hello? So I just wanted, yeah, I was calling in because I have problems with like impulsive spending.


Sorry. Me too. I have, yeah, like, but it's, it's bad like this. I'm 20 years old. This is the first job that I've had and it, it, it's not making me much, it's only like 200 bucks a week. But I'm living with my parents so it's not like I have to pay rent or anything like that. But You in school, I like, I've been, I've been working. Are You in school? But It's only a hundred bucks. I am not, no. Why are you only making $200? I'm only making 200 bucks a week because I don't have a license because I got into it too late and I'm still trying to get, get it now.


I'm trying to get it now. Got Into what? Too late. So there was a whole thing that happened with my social security card getting lost. And so I had to get that renewed and that took like two years. And you don't Have, you don't have to have a social security card to get a driver's license. You have to have a birth certificate and you're in Grand Rapids. You can get a birth certificate. Do you have your parents have your birth certificate? We, we do have it, but they told me I needed a social security card, which we got it all figured out. Who told you that? I, I'm getting the people at the social, the people at the, The Department of Motor Vehicles.


Yeah. Okay. Well let's talk about your, your spending here. You got no money to spend, so what are you spending your money on and how much? I'm getting 200 bucks a week. I've been working maybe four and a half months now and I've been spending it all on like I've been really spending it all on online games and food, which is obviously not good. And I know it's not good and I need to get out of this rut. I just haven't been able to figure out the best way to do that yet. Okay. Hang on line. I'm gonna send you a copy of my book, breaking free from broke. Read through the whole thing. Especially the spending is self-controlled chapter. I think it's gonna help you get control of this 'cause you're too young to be making dumb decisions, which is when we all made 'em.


Well you can be set free of this And go get your driver's licensing work 40 hours a week and it'll start to solve a lot of these problems now. Less video games, more work Now. No excuses. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members and I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items. Only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Pre-order today,


George Kamel RAMSEY Personality is my co-host in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage. Cameron and Faith are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Very good sir. How are you? Better Than I deserve. Welcome. Where do you live? We live in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, right outside of Knoxville. Awesomeness. Well welcome to Nashville and all the way over here to do your debt-free scream. How much have you paid off? We paid off $161,400. Way to go. How long did that take? 43 Months. Good for You. And your range of income during that time? We started at 77,000 and now we're at 180. Oh, I like that. Not bad in under four years. A little over three years.


So what do you do for a living and how do you Triple your income? Well, I'm a mechanical engineer. I'm also a mechanical engineer And she, One of you wasn't working then you got it. Okay. That's it. All Right. That's it. So she was still in school when we started. Oh, okay. And then she jumped on and helped out quite a bit obviously. And then both of you jumped way up quick on your, on your raises as well. That's right. Yes sir. You hit the ground running hard. Well that's great. Yeah. Engineers are the number one category of millionaires in our study of millionaires. So, and you got two of them? Yep. So you're in really good shape. This Is boating well for You. Do double your chances there. I like it a lot. Very well done. Okay. What kind of debt was this? Student loans? No sir. It was our house.


You paid Off your house? Yes sir. Wow. How old are you? Two? I'm 24. And I'm 27. That's illegal. Ah, you are so weird. I love you. What's this house worth? I'd Say about two 90 now. Yeah, somewhere in that range. Wow. Awesome. Wow. How long you been outta school? I've been out just, just around four years. Yeah, I've been out about two. Okay. Wow. And you have a $300,000 paid for house. Your family's gotta be looking at you like you've lost. Like who are these people? They didn't come from us. They have some comments, some good, some bad. Yeah, I bet. I bet Some jealous and some cheering you on. That's right. Yeah. I love it.


Wow man. $300,000 paid for house in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. Where'd you graduate from ut No sir. We were actually, I originally from Memphis, So we were a school, local school there. Okay. Private school. Oh, okay. All Right, wonderful. In terms of your, your undergrad, I Mean Yes sir. Okay. Yep, both undergrad. Okay. So are, are you working for, who are you working for in Oak Ridge? Can you say? I can say, yeah, it's Oak Ridge National Labs actually. Yeah, I was thinking so. Okay. Yeah, that's perfect. Wow. Very cool. Very cool. Good for you guys. That's fun. So how did you get connected to all this RAMSEY stuff? So I can attest to my mom. She, we were homeschooled and we started in the foundations in finance course for that.


I love mom. She's Awesome. She is awesome. She has been our biggest cheerleader through the years. I Bet. But I can thank her a lot for that. And then we just kind of did the Dave Ramsey method. We actually bought the house, or I bought the house prior to marriage. No score loan with Churchill Mortgage actually. Yeah. Yeah. So it worked out perfectly to a t Those guys were super helpful through the whole process and we just ate away at it. Yeah. We actually were here two years ago, almost a day for the first event up the hill. Oh yeah, that's right. And that's where we decided, you know what, we could, we could knock this out whenever she graduates. So that's what we did. We planned it out. And So you pre-decided that you were gonna be done with debt completely before you were 30.


That's right. You have a set goal to pay it off in a certain amount of Time. We did. Yeah. Yeah. So I Bet a couple of engineers had a plan. Yeah, Of course. That's the only way we can live. So what was the original game Plan? So the game plan was, we were gonna pay it off by January one of this year, 2025. Her birthday's on the 30th prior to that. Yeah. So we were trying to knock it out then We missed that date by eight days. Wow. So a little, little too bad. I'm gonna Call that a bullseye. I think. I think you're a failure. I I, yeah. I I don't think, think you made it. I I think you should be real disappointed. Oh My goodness. You guys are awesome heroes. Well done, well done.


Wow. So Faith did, did either, well, I mean you grew up in a family, Cameron, with homeschooling on foundations. Okay. So, but Faith, did your family look at y'all? Like who have you married? A little bit. I actually had a similar story to Cameron where I took your class in high school actually. Coach Bunch. He was my prof, my teacher there. And he still teaches personal finance Your fundamentals Foundations class. Where's this At? Trinity Christian Academy. It's in Jackson, Tennessee. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Wonderful. Thanks coach. Yeah, for real. He, he taught me then and we just kind of followed the principles and found him at college and It just stuck when you went through the curriculum. Okay.


One day I'm gonna, we're gonna do this stuff, we're gonna live debt free and see what happens. And I mean you guys are living proof of what it means to get started on the plan early. You know, we talk about financial peace babies and here you are, 24 and 27, no payments in the world. Yep. That's really weird. Yeah. That's a homeschool curriculum and a high school curriculum right there. That's it. Works Way to go. RAMSEY education team Normalized it and to where you went. And then he went and got a, something that no one knows how to do. Got a no score like you'd got Yeah. For you and Whitney and then you paid off your home too from Churchill mortgage, no credit score mortgage. And that's up at the same interest rate as everybody else. And then turn around and pays it off in 43 tiny little months.


And man, that's amazing. Y'all, I'm so proud of you. You guys are like proof that we're gonna be okay in America. Your generation. You're bringing it, man. I love it. Way to go. Wow. That's very cool. What do you tell people the key to getting out of debt is gotta Have a plan. Absolutely. You're not gonna get anywhere if you don't plan it out. Actually You will. You'll get nowhere. Yeah. So yeah. And, and yeah, your plan is so detailed, you know, within eight days of what it's supposed to land. It's not a, this was not a, a de a plan lacking in detail. These are a couple of engineers. It's one of the reasons the engineers do so well is they plan and they like numbers and they're thinking about how, what it takes to win and process driven.


So process driven process orientation. Yeah, that's exactly right. Way to go. You two. Very, very cool. I'm proud of you. How's it feel? Do you have any idea how rich you're gonna be? I mean this is unbelievable. It Really hasn't hit yet. We had a, we've had a couple months now of no mortgage payment, so it feels odd. The money just kind of sits there now. I guess it's gonna, we're gonna have a find find a plan for that too. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You better be careful that you enjoy some of it. That you invest some of it and that you're overly generous with some of it. 'cause that's where you are early and I mean you have a $300,000 paid for house. You're making $200,000 a year. You don't have a payment in the world. And you have the ability to work together, which most couples don't.


And you have the ability to set a goal and hit it, which most people don't know how to do. I'm predicting, you know, probably a $30 million net worth. At least minimum. So I think that's where you'll land. So, good job man. Y'all are incredible. It's absolutely, and all from a home homeschool curriculum and a high school curriculum with a coach. That's incredible. So parents out there, you're going, I hope this sticks with the kids. Hey they're, they're taking it all in. Even if they have their arms crossed the whole time, they can't not remember the time when Dave said, dead is dumb, CASHS is kings. You know, ignorance was bliss. And you go through that curriculum and now you know too much about car loans and budgeting and saving and you guys are living proof. This stuff still works. Yeah, It's amazing. It's very, very Cool. And we got two EveryDollar subscriptions for you.


You can use those or pay it, pay it forward to someone else and get them started when they go, wait, what do you mean a no score? What are you smoking? Man? You could just check this out. Yeah, I got, I got you. I got you covered on that. Well, way to go you two. Cameron and Faith Knoxville, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, 161,000 paid off. That's house and everything. At 24 and 27 years old. The house is worth 300 grand. They're making 188 these days. You guys are awesome. You're heroes, man. I'm impressed. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 3, 2, 1. We are free. Yeah.


Amazing. Now if we could just clone them and put them all over America, this country would be in a different play, David. Well it's up to the parents and the teachers. 'cause we've got the curriculum. Obviously from the time I wrote the very first book, people said, this ought to be taught in high schools. You're right. And finally we developed a high school curriculum. Now 48% of the high schools have taught it. Over 6 million students have gone through this in high school, not counting homeschool. Wow. And it's, it's pretty crazy how many and you teachers knew principals out there. You can do this. You educators, you can do this for these kids. You set 'em up, you moms and dads that are homeschooling, you can set 'em up and these young people are out here, man. They're gonna be so generous, so wealthy.


They're a wonderful couple. I mean, wow. Talk about winning. That's very cool. This is The Ramsey Show these days. The internet is chockfull of so-called investing advice from random goobs with zero qualifications. Listen folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about.


That's why I recommend the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart vests. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


If you're a business owner or you know one, you know the truth about it. Running a business is hard. When you open your own business, you find out you have a jerk for a boss. Don't work your butt off man. Work you into the dirt. Work you like a rented mule. I'm just saying it's hard out there man. It's hard. You scratch your claw, you make payroll on Friday, you make mistakes. And as soon as you start winning some idiot says you're so lucky. Luck didn't have nothing to do with it. Right? It's tough. The challenge is pile up, the fear creeps in, you're left wondering if you're even doing it right.


And that's why I wrote this latest book. It comes out April 15th, where you got it on presale right now. Build a business you love. We've grown RAMSEY from a card table in my living room to where we are today. And I built a business I love, I've enjoyed it. It's been a, it's been tough. I won't tell you it's easy and it's not for everybody. It's certainly not for Ws. It's, it's not a WSI thing. You gotta get it. But if you're running something or you're thinking about running something, you don't have to go it alone. I can show you exactly how to do it. There are five distinct stages of business. We've proven that not only with our business but with the 10,000 businesses we coach. And there are six drivers that drive you through it. In other words, this system is the baby steps for small business. And you don't wanna miss this. Build a business you love. It's 29 99. If you pre-order it before April 15th, the pub date, you get over $350 in free bonus items. Including instant access to our entree leadership videos on hiring and firing. It's a big deal. Early access to the ebook and the enhanced audio booker part of the package. Two pre-order at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Build a business you love. On sale now at a deal.


Ashley's in Atlanta, Georgia. Hi Ashley, how are you? I'm good. How are You? Better than I deserve. What's up in your world? Oh, my question for you is, should I sell my rental property to pay off my student loan debt? Wow. How much student loan debt you got? A lot. $338,000. That is a lot. Are you a doctor or a lawyer. Okay. And what's your income? So excluding like the rental property, it's 95, around 95 to 100,000.


How long have you been outta law school? My bonuses since 2019. Okay. When are you gonna start making some more money with your law degree? No. Yeah, that's a, I guess that's a problem. You spent a lot of money on a law degree because you could make a lot of money and now, now you're not making a lot of money. Right. Diesel mechanics make more than you. Yeah. So what are you gonna do to get your career going kiddo? Change jobs. Let's start there I guess. Okay. All Right. And what's the rental property worth?


The rental property is funny. It's worth the same amount as my debt. 338,000. That's the current. And is it paid for Value? No, I wish. Okay. So it won't pay off the student loan debt. How much do you owe on it? 176,000. Okay, so you get a hundred grand, 150 grand out of it, right? Correct. Yeah, That'll definitely help. Instead of you being in debt for 10 years, we can speed this process up by selling this rental property. You got any savings, anything else you could sell? So I currently have a storage unit with some stuff in it that I've been trying to like sell all of that stuff out so I can And you're paying for the storage unit?


Yeah. So let's free up up money every nook and cranny in your budget and we're gonna get you on a budget. 'cause that's gonna be the real path outta here, regardless of what happens, getting your income up, getting your expenses down. But I'd love to see you debt free in under two years. You, you could do that if you got tens. Oh, for sure. Especially if I sold the property. I've been torn between selling it and moving into it and so I Just Where are you living at Currently? I live with my parents, but I was about to start renting. Good. That's fine. That's Fine. Start Renting. That's fine. Yeah, I believe I would.


Now let me, I I was one of the first in my family to get a formal education. I are you? I am. Well, yeah. Okay. I am, I, let me ask you if this is true and you, it's okay if it's not you, you please tell me the truth. Okay? Okay. I'm I'm not, I'm not forcing this on you because there's a lot of symptoms in this conversation that make me think this and I'm not sure if I'm right. Okay. So you can, you can correct me, but did you kind of have the idea like I did that we were sold. If you go get a law degree, they're just gonna start sending you big checks.


It's gonna be like easy. Yep. I as a, so I probably said I wanted to be a lawyer as a Kid. Yeah. You worked your tail off and were really, really focused till you passed the bar and you thought at that point this was gonna get easy. Yes. And it definitely did not. And it didn't, it was the Opposite and you fell backward into a half butt lawyer job. Yes. Instead of a really, really good one making 200. Correct. Yeah. Correct. What kinda law are you doing? Is it the specific niche that you're in that's not Making Yes. It, i I would say it's the specific niche. It's real estate Law. Yeah. So here, here's what I'm pointing to and I lived through this and I know a whole bunch of other people that have lived through the same thing.


Now that you have discovered that the education is not the cause of your success, instead you are going to be the cause of your success, that should give you some new energy to go kill some things and drag 'em home. So go get an apartment, sell this condo, clean out this storage shed get your butt in gear and go make you some money because the calvary's not coming. It's not gonna get easy. You are the secret sauce to the success. Not the degree. The degree as you have discovered and I have discovered is not magical.


Right. You see what I'm following? You see what I'm doing? Yes. Yes. So the the same incredible determination and sacrifice emotionally and psychologically that you used to get, go get this degree because it was supposed to be Willy Wonka's golden ticket. I want you to use that same determination and it's inside of you to go now be somebody, Okay? You follow me? Because yes. This is all, this all looks like you peaked out at graduation and have been sliding ever since. You're living at home. You got a storage unit, you got this rental unit. You're, you're in a substandard, you're not making the money.


You ought to be making as smart as you are. And I want you to go get rid of every bit of that. I want you to go get some money. You have earned the right to go get it. You are a star. Go act like it. Go get some, get this stuff knocked out, clean this stinking mess up. Get you a grown up life. Like I have my own apartment. I don't live in my mom's living room. I'm a freaking lawyer for god's sakes. You know, go stand up girl and get this storage unit cleaned out. Get this thing sold and then start looking for a better opportunity and walk in with a little bit of like a lot of superstar confidence when you walk into the interview for the next place because you are that person.


Okay? That's, that's what's going on. So you get our income to 200 k, we get this mess cleaned up. This, this, this stuff's gone in a heartbeat. Yeah. But we tell everybody this and then if you're, if you come from a, a demographic, we'll just call it, if you come from a background where the, the people around you were not people of four year degrees, they tend to think sometimes in that culture that, that in the culture that she and I are talking about, that if you get the degree, it's Willy Wonka's golden ticket.


And people that have that are like third generation have had college degree, college degree, college degree. They know it's not, they know it's not the cause of success that it's just some tools in your belt that you still gotta get up, leave the cave, kill something and drag it home. You still gotta go be somebody, you still gotta double up your fist and bust some noses. You still gotta push out there and make it happen. Your degree is not a guarantee of success. It's quite the opposite. It'll actually hold you back if you stop. And, and but our, if you come out of that and, and the people around you didn't know that, then you believe that and it shut it messes with you. Yeah. So you gotta go watch. It's part of where the student loan crisis has come from. Yeah. Everyone should go watch borrowed future on our YouTube channel.


It's our documentary on the student loan crisis and it explains all of this beautifully. Fall falls right in line with every bit of that. Wow. You're cool. I like you a lot. You're gonna do good. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is Search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right for free then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad A bing bad B. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.