
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today From the Ramsey Network.


It's The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw next to me. Dr. John Delony, taking calls about your life, your money all afternoon. The number's triple eight, eight two, five, five, two, two, five. That's what gets you on the line. All Right, John, let's get into it. Let's go, let's get involved. We got Jack in Daytona, Ohio. What's up, Jack? Hey, how's it going? Doing good. Hey, so I have a question. So, my current fiance and I, we both had jobs for quite some time. I actually quit my job beginning of January just because of the stress level that we had with it and the hours working.


She has an odd hour job, And we just decided that for a relationship standpoint, it would be better off if I just be the stay at home person where she continues working, where she has a higher salary. So Hold, hold on. Do you have, do y'all have kids together? We do not have kids together. We're not really planning on having kids. We do have three dogs that I, So what does the stay at home guy do? What do you do? So essentially I just take care of all the household things that gotta be done. But that's, that's essentially about it. I do own a portion of a business now that I have bought into. So I do attend, tend to that business, not on a daily basis.


I'm almost like a solid investor. So I'm there every so often, but I don't essentially have a full-time job as of right now. So what's your, What's the thing that makes you be like, yes, like when I'm doing this thing, I am my happiest? I think where I'm at right now is, is where I'm happy. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna say it's definitely not the salary that I used to bring home at all. It's more of a little passive investment type of deal. But I do enjoy, enjoy being here. And, you know, the business is growing, but, you know, it's kind of tough where it's, you know, you go from a pretty high salary to a smaller salary and you're not essentially working.


But I mean, It is better on our relationship. But I'm trying to figure out, you know, based on financial sample, where we're at, if this is a good thing or if I should go back to work as a full-time, you know, employee of, of a different, a different area, different Type of, I feel like it's all about your, I think it's all about the why and the plan to get to the, the why. Right? So if you're, if you didn't say, what kind of business is it? What is it? The business that I'm in, It is actually a car related business. So I used to work at a car dealership. I, it was a little bit too stressful for me when the position that I was in. Okay. Took on a lot of hours. So, so what is this business?


I am in a business where we do like vehicle wraps. Okay. Okay. Yeah. We do all customization type of things. You don't just wrote a chat So that I'm really interested in. You don't do anything. You just wrote a chat. You're Just an investor. Yes, that is, that is correct. Okay. That is correct. I do come here and do enjoy this stuff. So I do help out the guys here from time to time. That's The only part that there's anything you can, that's the only part that I, I I'm at, because don't get me wrong, I almost feel like your wife making this money is Girlfriend. It is still girlfriend. Girlfriend. Yeah, that's right. It says wife on my screen. Okay. Your girlfriend making this money. I I almost feel like it's crippling you in a way, or it's like impeding you because it's like, oh, this is great. This can keep our house going.


I don't really have to get serious about what It is that you want to do, because I do think there's something that makes everybody tick and there's something that we wanna pour all of our efforts into. And while I think it's really cool that you're an investor in this, I, you're like a young guy, I feel like you need something to sink your teeth into on a daily basis. And I'm just not, I'm not judging you. I'm just not sure taking care of three dogs and checking up on the fellas every now and then. Is it? And I don't want you to feel Yeah. Like you don't have a purpose. Yeah, that's, that's the word. And listen, Jack, I, I won't pick on you as much as I'll just tell you the data. The data says that especially men have to have a purpose, a thing they go towards, or every part of your health, your physical health, your emotional health, your relational health goes down the toilet.


Yeah. And there's also some data that suggests that women want a equal or above financial partner. And the more money women make, the more the pressure gets put on that relationship. And it's, it's, nobody wa wants that, but it just is, is, is and is. And now that's not generalizable. That's not every couple. That's just what the data tells me. How much does she make? She currently makes four 70 A year. Okay. So, so y'all don't need the finances. What does she, how has she experienced you as a guy who went from having a purpose who's, and, and forget the salary, forget the hours worked, you got up and went and, and were grinding it out, doing a thing to a guy that literally does nothing.


Yeah. Honestly, it was, it was a huge decision on her part. I did not want to leave the job, but it was straining our relationship to the point where she said, it's either the job or it's me. So, okay. I did not want ruin the relationship. But you, you went from, you from 60 to, you went from a hundred miles an hour to zero. Yeah. Yeah. A straight stop. Yeah. Straight stop. And so if you told me like, my purpose is keeping this house running, I wanna make sure I do chores every day. I make sure this house is, is clean. And that's not a typical gender role. It's a general reversal, but it's all good. That's how we worked it out in our house. I'd high five you, but Like, yeah. That, that's essentially, that's essentially what I do on a daily basis, is just literally just cleaning, you know, cooking what, whatever I could do in the house to make her life and our lives easier when she gets off of work.


'cause again, night, not day of work works, but it's not, that's it's not, no. You know what I mean? Like, you do that. Yeah. And it's, it's 1130 and you're like, All Right, what am I, what am I gonna do next? I just wonder, I wonder if, how can I say this? I wanna know more about what it was about that job that was tearing you guys apart. Was it the hours? Was it who you were when you got home? Was it, was it just the job? Yeah. Or was it, do you know what I'm saying? And I'm just wondering if those were things that could have been mitigated without you stopping working, if that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think the big one was the job following me around. There was, there was no disconnect from the place.


It was, it was always there. It was always Something. And was that by choice or was that the, the job must be that way, or were those things you could change? Unfortunately, there weren't things that I can change as much as I did try to change 'em, it was just something that I was not able to change and kind of dig myself out of the hole that I was in. As, as much as I tried as many hours as I grinded during the day, it still follow me, you know? And I, I've been there. I, I was on call 24 7, 365 for almost 20 years. I get that. And I also get like sitting down with your spouse, with my wife and saying, Hey, this is unsustainable. Now we got little kids, like I'm watching my husband die. Right? I get that.


Yeah. But going from that to zero, it creates its own counter problem, right? Yeah. And then be, be honest. Are you starting to get listless, you've been doing this since January. Are you starting to like, like you're halfway through a year, are you starting to just feel unsettled or do you like just staying home, doing nothing? No, I, I, I generally hate it. I haven't, I've not, not worked since the age of 16. Okay. This is the longest period I've ever had in my entire life where I have not actually worked. So what do you wanna do? And again, work is important, I think, I think people are designed to work, and I think that's why everybody went crazy during COVID. One of the reasons. But what do you wanna do?


Man? Man, I, I think I just, you know, I think I am enjoying really what, what I've gotten myself into here and this opportunity that I got. So I, I really want to pour my, you know, heart and time into this, this place. Can you get hired there as an employee too? Yeah. It sounds like, 'cause I feel, I hear you talking outta both sides of your mouth in the way that you're saying I'm unhappy that I'm not doing much, but I am happy with the investment that I've made. It just seems like you need to spend a lot more time there and see if you can be one of the guys that's working on the wraps on these cars. Not just investing your money and writing checks. The question is, do I need to work? Yes.


Every single person needs to have a purpose. Doesn't have to have a paycheck to, it doesn't have to be 24 hours, 365, but everyone has to have a purpose.


Yes. You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely Devastating It is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal, and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Back to the phone lines. We go, Tajay is in Houston, Texas. What's up Tajay? Hi, I'm so excited to be on the show today. My name is Tajay. I'm 27, I'm in 28 and I live in Houston. I wanted to ask a quick question. My mom passed away in 2009 and I was recently contacted by a lawyer regarding her estate. They found a, a stock that no one knew about and it was through UnitedHealthcare and it's managed through fidelity. The funds have been dispersed. They said we needed to create a fidelity account between my brother, her husband, and my share is about 4K. I wanted to know if I should keep it invested or if I should withdraw it to pay it towards my debt snowball.


Oh. And I just really don't wanna make like same financial mistakes that I've made in the past, so I'm, you know, trying to get to the right advice. Yeah, It's non-retirement funds. It's just single stocks, right? Yes. Yeah, I would definitely do that 100%. Now, I mean, you're gonna have to pay a little bit of taxes on it. I don't know how they're gonna Okay. Treat the basis and like with the growth since it's inherited. But I would, you know, just talk with your tax professional on that. But yeah, I would 100% liquidate this to clear out your debt. What is your debt? Okay, so I have 29,000 in debt, two credit cards, four student loans, one personal loan. I am on track to be debt free by October. Wow. I do wanna share, I do wanna share a few of my money, like mistakes because I'm just, I'm very motivated, but I'm also a little fearful that I'm gonna like, make the mistake again.


I've already committed to saying I'm not living in debt anymore. Good. So two years ago, I actually sold my car when I first heard about damn Dave, Randy. And I was like, you know what? I'm just gonna trust God and just believe I'm gonna get around. He's still without a car. So I didn't have a car for two years and nine months last October, my church actually bought me a car. No car payments. Holy Smokes. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't have a job at, well, I left my job at the time and this was my really big money mistake is I pulled from my retirement and I, you know, had to pay the taxes on that and everything. Yeah. But now I'm back on track. You know, I'm actually at a new school. I'm making a higher salary. So with a stipend of $8,000 from that school, I'm, it's about 72,000 good a year.


And then, yeah. So that's really like, I'm getting back on track. So I just really wanna stay on track. You Know, toge one, one of the things that I have found in this journey, this financial journey, is yeah, when you make mistakes early, which I did as well, when you do start getting on track and, and you do a couple of things, right? And then you do something wrong again, and then you could do a couple more things, right? Like a, you're gonna make mistakes because this is a whole, It is like a whole university. You could get a four year degree just in learning how to really manage your money, right? Like you learn and you hear investing, you hear it once, it doesn't stick, you need to hear it again and again and again. Right?


And there's always these little pieces that seem to fall through the cracks and you're like, oh crap. If I had realized that, I wouldn't have done that. And, and that's how you learn, right? Is you make mistakes. I always like to call mistakes, really, they're just research, right? So that's what It is. But I do find that the more you walk this journey, the more you can start trusting yourself that you will try, you will make the right choices. And that trust, it's kind of like you build that trust with yourself every time you make a good choice. It's like, Hey, I do have the capacity to handle my money well, and every time that you set a goal and you stick to the goal or you set a boundary for what your lifestyle's gonna be and you stick to it, that's you building that trust with yourself that you can say, Hey, if I say I'm not gonna use my credit card, I trust myself that I'm not gonna use it.


If I say that I can stick to this budget. And that is, that is what's happening. So just give it time. You're doing so, so well and I think that, that you're just building that you're building trust with yourself. Tja. Thank you. You said you had 28,000 in the hole? 29,000. 29,000. And so let's, let's say you take this 4,000 bucks and I know you have to pay a little bit of tax on it, but let's say you get it down to 25,000, right? You make 72? Yes. And I have side hustle doing babysitting. So it is an extra thousand a month. So in total, like for the year's 4,000 Sweet. 84,000. And you're done in, in October.


I'll be done in October. I did all the math. Amazing. Will you call in the show and let us scream and cheer for you? Yes, I will. I'm actually planning to come out there August. Yeah, because I don't know if you guys heard of no big deal and like their holy smoke fest is around like early August. So I'm gonna come and visit on Friday to the actual studio. Okay. Yay. I hope I'm here and I hope we get to meet you. Hey, do you have EveryDollar? I do. I have the premium version. Everything. I'm, I'm very serious. You got it. All part of my life. Listen, I'm trying to think of some gifts we can give you. Where In Houston do you live? I do have one more question. Should I focus on rebuilding my retirement since like, I got a letter saying that I can buy back, you know, what I, or like reinvest.


I don't know the correct terms, but should I, should that be my next goal or? Oh, no, Stay on the path. It's, it's a goal for the future, John is right. It's a goal for the future. You, you should want to invest, but now is not quite the time. So let that want and that wish that I could be investing right now. Drive you to get outta this super duper fast. 'cause right now, I mean, you know, the baby steps, you're on baby steps too. Yeah. So just ride that out and then build up, because remember what caused you to borrow from your 401k the first time, right? Yeah. It was a fact. You had this debt laying around and it's the fact that you did not have three to six months of expenses, right? Yeah. So let's build that foundation through baby step two and baby step three, so that when you do get to baby step four, you can invest 15%, which is far more than you'd be able to now, and you'll never have to touch it again because you've created that insurance on that investment through your baby step three emergency fund.


Okay? So that's the way that this works. Okay, awesome. Hey, Tajay, when did your mom pass away? In 2009. Two. Oh, so a long time ago, huh? Yeah. Yeah. It's been a while, but they just, I, and it was so crazy. I really felt like it was God, because when I said I'm gonna get serious about this debt, and I like got the premium, I legit got a letter in the mail saying, we found this estate. Like, it was crazy. I was like, okay. Like, okay, let's, let's get to it. So I wanted to call and make sure that, you know, I was just doing right with the funds. Good for you. That's that's awesome. The number of times I hear that story that I was gonna be done in October and then I found this, or my boss called me in and said, we didn't pay you enough.


Or it's, it's, it's, it's happened so many times that it's not a coincidence. It happened for us. Yes. Like the university called my wife and I was like, oh, we forgot. Like we did this thing. Yeah, we owe you this much money for the summer. And it paid off every, it was a while. It, it happens so often. I, I used to hear back in the day before, long before I worked at Ramsey, I used to just listen to Dave on the radio and he used to say, you know, obviously what we teach here is God's and grandma's ways of handling money and a lot of what we teach is biblically based. And Dave used to say, you know, when you start following this plan, he'd say, you get on a moving sidewalk, like the thing at the airport where you don't have, you know, and It is like that. And I truly, truly believe that because it's based on biblical principles.


I'll say this till the cows come home. Like it's not God's will that we're up here in debt and just slaves to a lender. That's not what he wants for us. He's like, he's about freedom. Like freedom is all encompassing. So that includes your money. And I do believe that when you start seeking that out, that's you getting in line with the way I think that it should be. I'm just telling you my opinion. And when you start seeking that out, it's like, Hey, you're trying to do this. Okay, I can help that. Like, I can bless that. Like I can help you with that. And I used to pray all the time. I'd be like, God, if you give the opportunity, like I'll work because I'm trying to get outta debt up in here. And it's just like, stuff would just present itself wild. Yeah. Yeah. It just, and and that's, I think that's really the power of this plan when you really do commit to it, when you really are open to finding solutions, you're open to work.


It's like that, that saying, whatever you look for, you find right. That's right. That's right. And so when you start looking, man, it presents itself there. There's Jobs everywhere, there's work everywhere. And sometimes it's dollars, sometimes it's nickel and dimes, but it shows up in weird ways. And sometimes it's people. Yeah. Like the people that were placed in our life during that time, we were trying to grow a business at the time, and it was just, I, I can look back now and say, man, they were here for a season to provide opportunities so that we could get to this goal. And you know, the rest is history. But yeah, don't, don't count yourself out. Like just keep going. And then on the other side of that, John, there is the part that Murphy comes, right?


Always. So it's, it's the opposite. You do experience that where it's like, man, all I'm trying to do is get baby step one, Tire blows out, brakes go out. Right? Right. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So you will experience that gamut. I'm not here to make it seem like it's gonna be like rainbows and butterflies, butterflies, kittens. Like, there's definitely some junkyard dogs that come in as well. So the point is, the journey is the journey. Enjoy it when you're riding high ride high and when the tough stuff comes, just lock in and anchor in and know that you know, it's only for a little while and the good stuff will come on the other side.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp, my friends, listen, I know it feels like the world is falling apart and I know that we're all under huge pressure to perform and to look like we're keeping it all together at the same time. Here's the statistic that blew my mind. 76% of people globally agree that mental health care can help resolve personal problems. Yet six outta 10 people still believe that society discourages people for asking for help. Here's the truth, real bravery, real strength comes when you open up about what you're carrying, how you're hurting, and learning something you can do about it so that you can be your best for yourself and for everyone else in your life. If you're feeling the weight of the world, please talk to someone. Anyone a friend, a loved one, or yes, a therapist. I see a therapist every week. If you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapist at any time easily. And for no extra cost. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE P.com/when


You're tackling debt or building wealth, people, people can often forget about a really, really important step to reaching those goals. And that's insurance. Okay? So having the right coverage or having, whether it be a little too, a little too much or a little too little can really impact how long it's gonna take to reach those goals. So skimping on insurance, it might seem like you're saving, but the truth is, when life happens is really easy to fall back into debt without a safety net. The right insurance acts as a shield around your loved ones and your wallet if disaster strikes. Now, in some cases it can even save you money if you happen to be paying too much for insurance or if you have one of those bogus insurances like cancer insurance specifically, or like cell phone insurance or like warranties. You gotta get the right stuff, guys. A lot of this is like gimmicky. Okay, so how do you know if you have the right coverage? Take the coverage checkup. It's a free online resource that creates a personalized insurance action plan that's unique to you and your situation. It makes an overly confusing topic, easy to understand and gives you clear Next Steps. So Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup to take the coverage checkup or click the link in the description if you're listening to this on YouTube or podcast.


All Right, let's Go to Amanda and Tampa, Florida. Hi Amanda. Hi. What's up? How can we help? So my car engine went out last October and it took a few months to get my vehicle back 'cause it actually broke down when I was evacuating for the hurricane. And in the meantime my parents floated a rental car and then I ended up losing my job. Oh no. Yeah, so they said they, my parents ended up helping out and what they ended up doing was taking out a HELOC on their house. Oh no. To cover that. And a few other things, and I wasn't aware of this until afterwards, but they're the kind of people where strings are attached and I'm just trying to figure out if I should be death snowballing this, which would make it the second to last debt to be paid off, or if I should be prioritizing it because it's, it's on their house.


That's A great question. How Much is it? How much is this heloc? So my portion of It is 11, about 11,500. That right there, what you just said tells me all I needed to know. 11,500 just for, for kicks and giggles. Tell me how much the other portion is and who got that? I, I don't know because they didn't tell me. Do you wanna know what I think? Very briefly go for it. I think they wanted to take out HELOC and I think you gave them a, a good excuse to do it. And I think I would treat this like the IRS and put at the very top and pay this off as fast as humanly possible.


How, how, how much are you putting towards debt every month? So I actually just found you guys a little over a month ago and I just finished baby step one. Welcome To the cult. Put Together A big welcome. Thanks. We'll send you some Kool-Aid in the mail. Oh, Cool. I'm just kidding. We won't, but it's cool. Alright, so you just finished baby step one. And then what? So I have this big spreadsheet I have with all of my debts and the payments and what's owed and interest and all that Stuff. So, but how much per month, how much per month are, are you able to put towards the debt? So I've been, they wanted me to pay about 300 monthly. So I've been actually paying them weekly because I get paid weekly.


Your parents To, to pay back my portion of it, Yes. Okay. You know what I would do? Stop me if I'm wrong. I would go down to a local credit union and take out a loan for 11 five and I would write them a check. I would rather you owe credit that for that. You don't, you can't do that. That's, yeah. That's why they ended up helping out in the first place. I'm, I'm coming outta a bad marriage where a lot of bad decisions were made. Yeah. Then, then let me just say this. So you, there's, there's part of this that's on you and then there's part of it that isn't in the way of they saw you needed help and they said, we'll help, they chose to take out debt to do it.


That wasn't your choice. You didn't say, mom, dad, go take out a HELOC because I need the money and you need to risk your house for me. You didn't say that, right? Correct. How did it happen that you got the money? Did you ask for it even or did they just see you needed it and gave it to you? I never saw the money. My dad and his friend ended up going and collecting the car because the dealership was actually avoiding us because it was four hours away. So he ended up going and collecting the car and dropping it off at one of his friends who's a, a mechanic. And the money went straight from them to him. This sounds super shady. It really does.


Is your dad trustworthy When it comes to this kind of stuff? Yes. Okay. So he, how bad would Dude, my wife just wrecked our car. Like, and it was awesome. She wasn't even drinking, she just crashed it, it was like, just ran it down the side of a concrete pillar. And I say that she never drinks. So, but the whole repair was about 11,000 bucks. Every panel had like for yeah, for that kind of repair from a buddy. From a friend. I, I'm calling. No way. Yeah. I was not happy with it and I haven't been back to him for services. No, no, no. That's your dad's friend.


But my thing is like, did you even know they were doing that and did you approve it or they just up and did it? He said he was gonna help me. He wasn't specific. Yeah, That's not helping You in a bad place because I had no income And this is my theory, I have to have a 3-year-old. But that's my theory. That's, that's the point that I was trying to make is if you said, Hey, there's strings attached. If they put those strings on there, that's on them. You did not tell your dad to do any of this. You didn't tell 'em to take out a heloc. You didn't tell 'em to spend 11,500. You had very little say in what took place. Now they took out a HELOC clearly for more who knows what they did with that. But that was their choice. And now they're like, man, this is kind of heavy on us. We want this money.


Yeah. And now you're an at TM machine. Exactly. And now they're pressing you, hey, $300, you know, whatever It is that they want. Yeah, I Totally retract what I said. They go in the baby steps order. What's the minimum payment on that loan? So the monthly payment for It is 2 38 34. I I well, so How'd you get that? How'd you get at that number? I put it through a loan amortization schedule based on my amount and the interest rate and what the, the payments I was planning on making. Great. Tell 'em you'll pay 'em 2 38 and that's a minimum payment and put in, in the debt snowball. I I I retract what I said earlier, by The way, what's the interest?


Is this the interest you came up with? Or they're charging you interest? So it was originally 8%, but it just went down to 7.5%. That's the interest on the heloc. The Yes. And I, that's again, I'm wondering about that because they took out a greater amount for this heloc and I don't feel like it's Ooh Girl, I'm telling you, we, we just take this call for a Living and I know that because I saw a receipt. You saw a receipt for what? I saw a receipt sitting on a table that I shouldn't have. What, what's the total he left? Only I know was For more. So what's the total Like 30? See Yeah. I just don't, I'm just, I'm I'm gonna keep it 100 with you.


'cause it's the only way I know how to keep it. I in my mind, I, there's no way I'm paying interest on this. Yeah, there's no way. Because I'm, I'm going, Hey dad, love you. But you did this. I never, I never approved this message. I never said go into debt. I certainly never said go 11,500 into debt. I certainly never said, and please do it at 8%. You did that. And I'm on the one hand, I'm grateful that you went to fix my car, but on the other hand, I'm grateful that you kind of tied my hands behind my back and now I'm on the hook for something that I don't know if I would've done that. And now I'm feeling the pressure. And that's unfortunate because we're family And we love each other. I'm gonna pay you back this 11,500. I'm not gonna pay it back at 8% interest because I would not have, I did the loan out, I would not have told you to go into debt to do this.


If you had asked me that's, that's what Jade Warshaw would do. You and your dad, you know, you know the dynamic. But if you're asking my advice, that's mine. John, what would you do? I, the, the other thing I would do is I would ask, I would call the mechanic and ask for an itemized receipt. 'cause I wanna see, I I did choose the receipt. It's, I have it in a packet for my car care Industry. And they, and they did $11,500 worth of work for a friend. So about 6,600 was the engine. And then the rest was, was labor, labor and taxes. It's, I tell you what I I'm not questioning that part so much.


I am maybe I, I don't know enough about cars to question that part, but I am questioning the way it all went down. Yeah. I don't, you know, help Get your kid a $1,500 used Camry with 300,000 miles on to get you from A to B. Yeah. You don't take it $11,000 loan an 8% interest and then ha haggle your your single mother daughter over it. That's what you don't do


Every look at your phone bill and feel like you're trying to decode a top secret message. $17 and 42 cents for advanced signal optimization. What even is that? Well, luckily, Boost Mobile keeps it simple. Just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data with no contracts. Absolutely zero nonsense and a price that's guaranteed forever plus boost backs it up with a 30 day money back guarantee. So you can try it without feeling trapped. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash Ramsey to make the switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash Ramsey. Restrictions apply. See Boost Mobile dot com slash Ramsey for details.


You are listening to The Ramsey Show. Jade Warshaw. Dr. John Delony are your hosts. Ken Coleman is in the studio. I see you back there, Ken. All Right, let's Go to Joshua in New York. New York. What's up Joshua? Hey, how we doing today? Doing Great. How can we help? Hey, I, I have a little bit of a situation happening right now where I have started a company with a co-founder three and a half years ago. We, and, and from day one we've had some disagreements, but throughout those disagreements we've always been able to come to a compromise And we were both very hardworking over the period of time. The company has grown to 12 employees with a shop in New York and everything that you would, could possibly need to do a beautiful paint job on your home.


Nice. I have worked tirelessly for the past three and a half years to build the business to what It is today and what it's cash flowing at today. Now, these disagreements between my co-founder and I have come to a point where a lot of trust is lost. He's started other businesses within the same shop, taking resources from my business. Oh. While simultaneously, I mean anything from, you know, putting wrong things at the paint store on other accounts Oh, x, y and z sketchy checks. So fraud that Were cashed in his other bank account.


So Fraud. Wow. Of like six of six. Like we're talking $6,000. That's Stealing. So he's stealing from what? From fraud? He's stealing from you. Yes. That's what that's called. It's called theft and fraud. I, and you know, I'm going to be hiring a very good lawyer Good. During this process, along with a forensic accountant. Perfect. And right. I've had a ton of advice from people that have run businesses and done this type of thing. Now, moving forward here, it came to a 0.3 weeks ago, two weeks ago, where he had handed me an operating agreement because I had never fully signed into an operating agreement with him and 50 50 since one day one.


Oh gosh. And I was going to get an operating agreement drafted up and make sure that it's legit. So, But you never did So without, which I never did. Now he had gone to an attorney without including me in the conversation, and he had drafted out a good 20 page operating agreement. Okay. Stating every last thing in the company. He was pressuring me to sign it one day while I was at the office. He's like, you have to sign this, you have to get it done quick. And I go, no, no. Good for you. I am reading this, I am reading this thing front to back. And what'd you find?


Oh, so he basically 10 pages deep within the document, he hid a clause in there where it basically assigned him as the executive manager and put me as just a member. Okay, nice. So the company, so how Can we help? Yeah. So we, we see that he's, we see that he's duplicitous. We see like he's a nefarious fellow, but you didn't sign it. Great. So what can we do for you today? No, today I am selling my shares. I'm getting everything together and making sure that it's right. I did get him to agree to pay out fair market value on my portion of the company.


Are you selling It to Him? And has been determined? I am selling it to him. Oh, Wow. Okay. Interesting. Based, based on a fair market value of what my company is worth. So What will you get? I, so I don't know yet. Okay. I have, I have, Hold on, hold on. Stop, stop. Stop, stop, stop. You gotta do this in the right order. If you're hiring an attorney and a forensic accountant, wait till they wait till all that smoke clears before you accept an offer. Absolutely. Because you don't know how much money's been coming, going out the back door and you don't know what money is. Your business money that's used to buy other equipment for his business. You don't know how much he's taken out loans in the business's name to buy.


Like you have no idea how bad this is. And my accountant is working on this as we speak. Okay. Gathering together all of the information. Listen, You've done, you've done the right things. Tell us what we can do for you today. So once I get this money, which should be anywhere from, I wanna say 300,000 to $600,000, it's a big, what is gonna be the, It is a gap because he's going low. I'm going a little high. You so, well, again, to John's point, you don't even know what you're basing it off of. Yeah. And that's the hard part. So we could, we can spitball with you and say, well, if it's $300, maybe do this.


And if it's 600, maybe do that. But we are literally speculating. You'll have to do a net present value on the company. You'll have to depreciate all the stuff you have inside. You'll have to take the, the, the building that you've bought. I mean, you'll have to, it, It is just gonna be a nightmare untangling this. And by the way, the attorneys and the accountants, god bless them, get paid, have a vested interest and going through every receipt because they get paid every six minutes. Right. And so if you and him can shake hands on something or get, it's kinda like a real estate person for businesses to come in and do a net present value assessment and give you a, if you wanna do that, but man, you're, he's gonna offer you something ridiculous.


You're gonna make up something ridiculous. But y'all are gonna have no numbers to actually base this off of. But somebody needs to come in and, and do an evaluation of your company. And y'all need to agree probably in some sort of settlement, some sort of like agreement. We are both agreeing that this is the person Yeah. And that person will do an assessment. We are, We are hiring an assessor on Sunday. We're all going to meet together. Okay. And determine the assessor to assess the business's value. Great. Great. So let's Let, let's, let's pivot off of that because I think you're doing all the right things.


Let's pivot to your question, which is, what would you do with the money after selling your business? Right? That's the real question here. What am I gonna do with my life? Oh, Your life. Okay, Let's get to That. My life, My business. You tell me, what do you wanna do? Do you wanna open another painting business? You know how to run it. Absolutely. Absolutely. Then not. It is, It is. No, no. It is a nightmare running a business. No, it's awesome. You just have a bad part for me, but, okay, so you don't wanna do that. What do you wanna do? I wanna ski and I want to paint luxury houses by myself. Okay. Out in a mountain town somewhere. And I want to invest my money Smart in a smart manner That sounded, you know what, want Sounded very Hallmark movie.


Yeah. To me, I want a million dollars and I want a new Gibson Firebird and actually an old new Gibson Firebird. And I want to like Go to space, but Wait. No, no, no. Wait, wait, wait. I I I I'm not gonna be as facetious as John because I actually don't think what you're saying is, It's not, it's not far off a pipe Dream. No. I think that, yeah, you ha you were doing something on a very grand scale and you're like, Hey, I just need to back it down a little bit. I don't need a business with 12 employees. I just need me, I'll go out and paint. I can make enough, live enough of a living for me to sustain my lifestyle. Yeah. And if I can do that in an area that I love someplace where there's mountains I can ski in the winter, that would be great. Right? Is that what I'm hearing? That is what you're hearing. And before that as well, I, I'm so burnt out.


I am so drained from this entire thing and the litigation that's about to happen. I'm gonna take my a TV, put it in the back of my truck and travel the entire United States, coast to coast, visiting all of my friends and locations that I've wanted to. Well now, now we're getting into John's world. Why Is that a smart idea? No. Is that, Is that like No, that's your version of like, I'm taking my ball and I'm going home. Like why? Well, do you have a bunch of money? Tell us what kind of money you have because that could inform some Of this. Yeah. Whatever you think you're gonna go home with. Here's what's gonna happen. You've already done the math on 600,000, right?


And if you get an offer for four 50, you haven't taken out taxes, you haven't taken out attorney's fees, you haven't taken out assessor fees, you haven't taken out tax fees, you haven't taken out any of that stuff. And if you get a offer for four 50, which might be a super fair offer, you're gonna feel like this partner just took a, took 150,000 from you. 'cause you just made up a number. And so dude, don't go visit your friends. Take two weeks off. That's all fine and good. But bro, you can't cash out a life. And by the way, it's your right to be tired on the front end of this. It's fine. Just get through it and make good choices on the way through. Yeah. Beware spending money before you get it.


Beware


As an investor in a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news. Timothy Plan offers investments for people who wanna be intentional about where their money goes. As a pioneering force and biblically responsible investing. Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs, distributed by four side fund services, LLC


From the Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show. Thanks for hanging out with us. We're continuing to take calls about your life and your money. I'm Jade Warshaw next to me. Dr. John Delony. Getting into it, we've got Stacy, who's in Atlanta, Georgia. Stacy, How can we help today? Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call. So I have a complicated walk on you all, all your calls are complicated, but Just one probably is a little more than at least what I've been used to hearing on your show. Okay. I have two in-laws who I love dearly. They're both in their mid to early eighties. My father-in-law about a year and a half ago, was diagnosed with, was diagnosed with cancer and a multiple multitude of other things.


He's in very ill health. My mother-in-law is in fantastic health. And the situation is this, they have been married for 60 years. They both had very well paying jobs, built up a really nice nest egg, probably to the tune of several, I wanna say maybe three and a half, $4 million. Okay. And my mother-in-law has never been responsible with money. My father-in-law has always been the one to handle the bills. They are debt free doing well financially. And when my father-in-law went to the hospital about a year ago, he decided to go ahead and give my mother-in-law access to her retirement account, thinking that he didn't have much longer, she drained it, giving it to an online scammer.


Wait, she has sent Three to 4 million? Well, no, no. She, there's several accounts. The one that he gave her access to was three quarters of a million. Okay. Three quarters Of a million. Okay. And she drained, she drained that within about a week, giving it to some online scammers. She, we, we learned a lot after that incident in that this has been going on for years. That she's been getting scammed. Yes, yes. And she also has been cheating on her husband for Oh, well that's what I was about to ask, are, are you sure she's getting scammed or is she willingly giving away money to boyfriends and other men? Oh no, she is, but we, we think there's some mental illness there because there's like, she, she's involved in a one way romantic relationship with this person she's never met.


Okay. And we've done some research. She's got multiple Facebook profiles, same picture, different name, you know, doing the same thing all over the country. Yeah. So she has been visited by the FBI and the police and she still believes that what she's doing is on the up and up with this guy that she's never met. Wow. Will she, would she go get evaluated so that somebody can become the financial power of attorney before she just destroys her life? Absolutely not. Okay. She absolutely, she thinks that she's, she's fainter than all of us. Okay. Interesting. So yeah. So the conundrum that we have is that we, we, well, when I say we, my husband and his brother have spoken to their dad about their concerns and we're not poor, but we're definitely not in a situation where we could provide for her for the next 20 years if she does live that long.


I mean, she's in great health. Sure. And honestly, after finding out what I found out, I wouldn't wanna take care of her. And that sounds terrible, but there's a lot of upset in the family over what she's done to him and everybody else. She's even gone to her own son and asked for money to pay bills, which she has then, because her, my father-in-law pays all the bills. She even reversed mortgaged her car that he paid off to give this guy money. Yeah. And she's run up credit card debt. So she's in her eighties and she's got nothing in her name solely what is left is in their name jointly. And we've asked him to make my husband or his brother executors of the estate. He says he has, but we don't have evidence why Do think he's dragging his feet on this?


Because like what, what you're observing third and fourth party, obviously he's been side by side for however long they've been married. So he's known about this longer and closer up than you guys have. Why do you think that he is in denial about this? Or why, you know what I'm saying? What's stopping him? We don't know. We've had conversations, you know, amongst ourselves about what that reason could possibly be. We're we're confused because he's a very intelligent man and, and she is too, honestly, but not about this. And so we're, we're confused because if, if, if he's known about this for this long, not to this extent, obviously he's, he's just running out about the gra gravity of it.


But your biggest, your biggest concern is he does nothing. He passes away and she blows through this money quickly and now I'm gonna be on the hook to take care of her. And I don't even like her like that. That's basically where you're at. That's exactly. Bingo. And, and, and you know, side side note, my husband and I, I'm in my late forties, he's in his mid fifties. We're gonna be debt free in the next two years. We've worked aggressively to get to that point. Yeah. And I don't want to go into debt to take care of somebody else who is just, you don't, And you don't have to, and you don't have to. There's a part of this in John, this is your territory, but there's part of this where they had their life with their choices. There are times where when you feel the need to swoop in or you know, you can swoop in, or some of us It is like, yeah, I plan to take care of my parents when they go into their, their latter years.


Like they already kind of have it in their mind, you know, for whatever reasons. Whether it's 'cause they misbehaved with money or even if they didn't, they just caught a lot of bad breaks and they feel like it's their need to step in and kind of help. But those are choices. It's not, it's not, you must do this and it's your responsibility to do this. I, I think those are hard lines to draw, but I, I do think that that's the truth of the matter. I mean, John, what do you think about that? Honestly, I would, well there's a couple things here. You have to understand that there's not a lot you personally can do. Right. And that's s heartbreaking. Your husband can, and if I was in his shoes, I would petition a court for conservatorship.


Okay. Well that was, that was why I was calling to see if there's anything that we could do to prevent this catastrophe. The only thing what, what they'll do is potent. And again, you are just throwing a hail Mary pass, hoping somebody catches it, getting the right judge on the right day. But what you would have to prove is, hey, this has continued over a series of years. My dying elderly father-in-law or in your husband's case, my dying dad moves money over that she gave to an online scammer. The FBI's been here, here's all this. And she's taking out loans. Basically. She is a harm to herself. And you want to get a court and what if the court can order psychological testings, et cetera, And you're gonna have to deal with the, the down.


You know, like the outcome of all that. That's gonna be the hard part on you is they're gonna fight against this. They're gonna, He might not, but she might. But you can tell him we're about to Go to court to try to get, because he might say, oh thank God I don't have to do it. Like, who knows? So you were, you were about to say something. What we were about to say. Well actually too, to what you were just about to say yourself, that was gonna be my question. What if he does not want to Go to that process? And I don't think that he will because honestly I think that there's a part of him that's very embarrassed about this. I mean, we're just finding out about this and it's been going on to certain degrees for 60 years. So this is, It is as simple as telling him this is gonna come. You can sign this over to us and it stays with us.


Or this is gonna become a public matter. But we have to take our, I have to take my mom's health into account starting now. 'cause here's the deal your husband and his brothers are faced with. Do we watch our mom burn her life to the ground or do we go down swinging and I'm gonna use, I'm forget ego dad, you have one choice. You can, I mean, you have two choices. One, this becomes public. 'cause we're going to Go to court and try to get mom's conservatorship over mom's money. Or two, you sign over all of your personal finances so we can stop her from burning the house down. That's really your two choices. And you, I would tell my 80-year-old dad that he gets to choose, but we're going to court because we see how this thing ends at the very End.


Yeah. Unfortunately, I think this is one of those things where both solutions just sitting to the side and saying, Hey, this is your life. I can't make you do anything that's tough. And the other option, which is really being very, very proactive, that's gonna have its own set of challenges. And that's gonna be very tough as well.


There's a time in your life and the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's. Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up, never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill Is Ramsey trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the Ramsey way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


Megan in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. What's up Megan? Hi. Thank you so much for taking my call. Yeah, no problem. How can we help? I have a question. My husband and I sat down just last night and set up our budget and went through like the paycheck planning tool. Nice. And my question is, I get paid every month on the first and the 16th of the month, and he gets paid every other week. So for this last month of May, I technically got paid on the 30th because the first was on a Sunday. Right? So for those instances, do I budget those like last few day paychecks for June?


Or should I have budgeted it in May? I'll Tell you what I do, because it's the most practical in my opinion. Yeah. Those last days, like if you're getting paid and it's either like the, you know, the 30th, the 31st, the first, I always put that for the next month because the truth is what would you have spent that money on? The month is over. So you'd be living in everything would be late if you waited. Does that make sense? So what, what month are we in now? We're in May. So if you had waited all the way until May 31st or June 1st or May 30th to pay bills in May, they'd all be late. Right? So it's almost like, yeah, you gotta treat that money to Go to the next month.


And I will say if you're going from a paycheck to paycheck type of vibe, or you're going from a, a situation where you're just trying to like get current, it can take a while to make that happen because essentially you're a, you're having to get ahead in order to do that for the first time, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah. And we are, we're currently in baby step three, and I had it budgeted that it would Go to June's budget, but then I was like, well, technically it's in May. So then I tried setting up my paycheck planning tool of that. It would just go into that. I would technically only get paid once in June since it got deposited on May 30th.


But then it said I was over budget would, and for that would, I Didn't know if, if I used That. And that's the point that I'm making. Okay. So the first time you do that, essentially for that month Yeah. You're like, Hey, I'm used to saying that I get paid twice, but for this first month that I'm switching over the way that I do this. Yeah. It's gonna look like I'm only getting one paycheck in May. And then when you come to do June, the, and I'll tell you exactly the way I, I have it listed on my budget, it'll say paycheck number one and it'll say, you know, you know, the 30th in parentheses and it'll say paycheck number two, 15th in parentheses. And the same thing from my husband. So I know where it's coming from, but they're all listed under the month that I'm actually spending the money.


And that's the key. Okay. You gotta, you do your budget based on when you're actually gonna be spending the money that you get. And then that's the last time that'll ever happen. And then from that point on, you're always gonna have two checks. Two checks, no matter what date they're paid out. You're always gonna have two checks for the month from you and two checks from the month for him. Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. So does that go the same as like when you spend money at the end of the month, as far as it like when it actually gets posted to your account, do you, does it matter what month you technically like put those, you know, put 'em in as your budget? Like I spent money on the 30th, but it didn't post until the third.


Does that matter at All? So what I do for that is it really just depends. I could, I could say, well, if I got paid on the 30th, that's technically when my new month begins. And I could say anything that posts anything that I spent not posts. 'cause if it posts there, that means you spent it on the 29th right? Or a couple days before. Sure. Yep. Anything that I spent on the 30th, 31st on into the first and into the month. Yeah, I could, I could count that towards my June budget. Now, if you had margin left over from the previous month, you could say, yeah, whatever. I can keep it on. I had margin anyway. I can slide it over there. That's fine. But technically if you want to get technical Yeah. Though, anything that, anything that you spend on that day that you got paid, if it was the 30th or 31st yeah.


That would go on to the next month. Because that's technically when you're saying that new month begins 'cause you got that first paycheck. Perfect. Makes sense. Perfect. That, that, that's one of those calls that's like in the weeds. But that is a question I get all the time. Yeah. And it's like, am I, it's almost like, am I allowed to do this? 100%. Yes, you are allowed. All Right. Phyllis is in Denver, Colorado. What's up Phyllis? Hi. Thanks for taking the call. I'm really looking forward the language to use. My adult child and their spouse are considering going back to school for a doctor's degree to become, to become a doctor, a medical doctor.


And I'm trying to find the language to convince them to save the money before they Go to avoid the debt. So they, one or both of them wants to Go to med school One? Yes. One of them. Yes. And which will be about between three and 500,000 bucks, right? Yes. So how old are they? 26 and 24. Okay. Hmm. Yeah, it's tough to talk to 26 and 24-year-old. You know why? 'cause they know everything. Yes. They, they do. And they Know everything ever. And unfortunately, whatever language I've used, I just keep putting them on the defensive and I, I don't wanna, yeah, I don't wanna do that.


That's definitely not my goal. All Right. So What are you saying? Yeah, what, I'm just curious, What are you thinking about? How, what do you think, how are you thinking about paying that back? Like what is your plan for paying that back? And, and I've asked that question. I've asked what do you think about the idea of maybe saving your, the salary you're making right now? Because you're gonna not have that money to live on when you go back to school. So take that money and instead of spending it, save that money that you're making now, pretend you're in school and don't have that money to spend so that you, when you're finally accepted, 'cause it will take a couple years to be accepted.


You'll have, you know, a good chunk of money to get you started. So when you think of, people might argue with me on this, but late adolescent development, I know we can say like, they're 25 years old. It's late adolescent now. No, definitely not. Yeah. Yeah. One of their specialties is this phrase, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's a problem for future me. And it's almost, it's, they have that ability, but it's, it's almost like a fae inability to put themselves at the chair at the desk looking at a bill that says, you owe me $21,000 this month because you took out $500,000 in loans.


Right. You get what I'm saying? Like, it's, it's almost hard to even put themselves in that situation. Have you ever had challenges with money? Have you done stupid things with money before? Not me. No. I grew up in a, I grew up with parents that didn't have a clue as to how to rub two nickels together. So I started responsibly taking care of family finances at a very tender Age. What about their dad Also? No, never. Okay. And our child also, no, never. Okay. So grew up in a household where we save money and buy a secondhand car for cash. So is it the spouse that's influencing this behavior? 'cause it obviously, it sounds like you taught your children to avoid debt.


Okay. Very, very much so. Very much so. So here's, I'm, here's what I, I'm gonna Now have car payments and food Loans. I, I'm gonna implore you not to divide a husband, try to divide a husband between His, his wife. No intent. You doing that. I know. Absolutely Not. That's why I'm calling you. But when you say, Hey, this is a stupid idea and she's the one driving it. Yeah. I don't say that either. Okay. Yeah, I don't say that either. Okay. Okay. I don't say that either. And honestly, when a, when a question is asked of me, I don't even answer it. I say, well, what does your spouse say? Okay, that's good. That's good. But I mean, it, I I do think this, I think it's fair if they ask you a question, I always say, do you want, do you want my real answer? Yeah, I do that too. Okay. I definitely do that too, too. Perfect. I Think you're doing, yeah, you're doing What you, You can do Phyllis, you gotta grieve it, I guess.


Okay. And tell 'em I love you. I I I wouldn't do this how you're doing it. The only other thing you could do, what, when I asked you earlier about like what kinds of things are you saying, what I was checking for is to find out are you kind of just poking holes in what they're doing or are you giving them ways? Do you know what I mean? Because nobody likes to be nitpicked. Yeah. To just, so that's what I'm, that's so, so there is a way like I I you gave them that have this way in my head. And that's what I'm trying to do is try to figure out how do I lay out. So one of them, one of them has their, one of them has their associate's degree and worked while the other got their bachelor's. Well, and they're, they're just gonna flip that around.


But here, here's one more idea. Yeah. This may not work. One more idea. If you have somewhere 50,000 bucks and you tell 'em, you guys save up 200, I'll put 50 in. And you may not have that kind of money, who knows? But, or you put in 200, y'all save up 200, I'll put in a hundred. I'll put some skin in the game too if y'all will do this the right way. Hmm. And that might be a a way, but honestly, a 24-year-old and 26-year-old that are married, starting their life, the best you can do is say, when this thing goes sideways, I'll be here.


What's up guys? It's Jade. And let me tell you, when my husband and I had $280,000 of student loan debt, we were not sitting around waiting on the government to bail us out. We did the hard work to pay it off ourselves. So if you are still holding out hope that forgiveness is coming. That's like you waiting for your landlord to start paying your rent. It ain't gonna happen. If you really want those student loans gone, you need a plan. And for some of you, refinancing might be part of the plan. So I recommend Laurel Road. With Laurel Road. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can set up 30 minutes to talk to a real actual human being to find out if refinancing is right for you. Ramsey's advice is clear, get out of debt as fast as possible and a lower rate or a shorter term can make that possible. Laurel Road has low competitive rates and they even offer interest rate discounts. So stop waiting on the maybes and the some days and start taking action today. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash Ramsey to get a free rate, quote or schedule a free 30 minute consultation. That's Laurel Road dot com slash Ramsey.


John, buying or selling a house is a big deal. And between clickbait headlines and the confusing data, it really is tough to know what's actually going on in the housing market. So we're here to make the latest trends very easy to understand. For instance, median home prices went up slightly last month. Now they're about 430,000. And there's actually more homes on the market. There's about 1 million, which is the highest since 2019. But in many areas it's still not enough to meet the buyer demand. Also, the average 15 year fixed rate rose to 5.9 last month, but it's still under six. So that's pretty good. If you're financially ready, a small rate increase should not hold you back from buying the home that you love. That's what we think. And if you wanna Learn more about the housing market trends, you can get a free tool to help you buy and sell with confidence by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market. Or you can click the link in the show notes. If you're listening on podcast or YouTube.


We got Paul in Minneapolis, Minnesota. What's up Paul? Hi, how are you? We're doing good. How can we help? I'm just so glad to talk to you all. My wife and I started on the Ramsey plan probably about four years ago and it was just after one of our many moves across country, our final move. And we were, we had a home And we had a truck loan And we had credit card debt, all of which we have now paid off. Wow. We're currently debt free, home paid off, old nine yards. Way To go. Very exciting. Yeah. We appreciate it. The help from you guys. That is, that's Awesome. Well you did the work. My question for you is, oh, Thank you. My question for you is, we are both 43 and I am a software engineer with over 20 years of experience.


And I'm watching the prospects for the future of my career disappear every single day with ai. And I don't believe that I'll get more than 10 years in this career. I think it's pretty much gonna go away very shortly in that timeframe, plus or minus five or 10 years. So I'm lucky I can make it to retirement in my current job, but it's very unlikely. And we haven't saved a lot because we pilfered some of our 4 0 1 ks along the way to finance some of our moves. And now we're sitting on approximately 120,000 in our 4 0 1 Ks collectively. And I also have a 14-year-old daughter and an 11-year-old daughter that are gonna wanna Go to college. And I'm kind of looking at that and trying to figure out what should I be doing? How much should I be contributing not only to the college, but to our own retirement.


Given that I don't know that I'm gonna have a huge amount of career prospects in the near future. I mean, we can, there's two pieces I hear here. There is just practical talk about what's the best way to save for college, what's the best percentage to put towards my 401k so that we're ready in retirement? 'cause we don't have as much as I want. Right? Like there's the logical side there. Then I hear a lot of fear on the other side. It may be well-founded fears, but I still hear a lot of fear. So maybe we tackle the fear side first. Yeah. Here's, I mean, Paul, I sat in this exact seat, gosh, 10 years ago now. I was actually back in 2013, I sat on a, a team, there was five of us and the university president where I worked, bought five of our time out of our departments and put us in a room for 18 months to study the future of higher education.


And within six months, I think four of the five of us had sold our house and everybody began their exit strategy. It was like we saw, oh, this is unsustainable. And sure, that was the time I started nickel and diming my way towards a degree in counseling. I just saw, I saw the writing on the wall. Now I will say this, my caustic anxiety, I gotta get outright this second was unfounded things integrated slower than I thought they would. I realized that a lot of the people making statements about how everything's gonna be over and all the thiss and thats are happening had a financial stake in that being true before there was reality.


Right? And so I'm with you. Sure dude, there, I mean there's AI versions of me that are better than me. Right? And you've also in your career read the energy needs reports that would say for all of this stuff to come true, we're not even, we're so far away from being able to build, you know, you get what I'm saying? I do. And I understand that I am presenting a conversation that sounds a bit fearmongering and oh, You're not, it, it's not it. You're in it, you're in the middle of, it's not. You're not. I've been there. And here's what I'm gonna tell you. I got a, I started training five years before I thought I was gonna need to for a new opportunity and I did have to do it on weekends and I did have to do it with two young kids and I did have to do it at nighttime, but I just saw the writing on the wall.


I hear that. And that's actually, I mean, my wife is going back to school right now to be a teacher because we know that her current job is gonna be replaced. Right. There you go. So she's, she's taking action in that space. I find that far more difficult. Yeah. Just because I I, I've been doing this for over 25 years and I don't enjoy it. Yeah. Already. Yeah. And the prospect of picking a secondary type career for the second half of my life that I probably won't enjoy as well. Flip that. See, That's, that's the thing that around homie, that's the part. This is your Shot. Yeah. It's halftime. Just think of it this way. It's halftime and the plays you are running in the first half are not gonna win this game. Cool. Then we get to either run those same plays and get beat by 70 or we get to change up strategies And it's a blessing.


You said you didn't even like the engineering job. So look at it as, you know what, this might have been the only thing that was shake me loose to actually go pursue something that I could actually love pursue. Fair enough. I am of the mindset though too, that I like to build the boat before the rain. So 100%. That's what I'm saying. That's what, that's what I told you I just did. Yeah. I just did this, I just did that. I told, I'm I'm with you, I'm with you. But like, let's pretend a worst case scenario, and I'm in a position where I have between five to 10 more years of high, high income earning. Would, should I to give myself mental peace? What's the, what should I be contributing in my, my retirement and in my college funds and in my 4 0 3 Bs so that I can make sure that I'm building the boat to settle my own emotional, you know, concerns.


Yeah. So that's the part where I was kind of dialing in on the fear because I want fear to make you do the right things and I don't want fear to cause you to not do the right things. Does that make sense? So absolutely. To John's point, yeah. On the career side, you, you know, we'll send you find the work you're wired to do. We'll find all those things to help you dive into what it looks like to build the boat towards a new career and finding what you love to do. But on the financial side, just keep doing what you're doing right? Today you're making a paycheck, your job's not going tomorrow. So today you're making a paycheck. You live in a paid off house. So you should at least be continuing to invest 15%, but you should have some margin there that you can do more. Now how much to this, to this day, how much are you putting aside for your 14-year-old and your 11-year-old?


None. We hadn't really planned on saving for college very well. That was a huge mistake on our part. It's not too late. And once we started on our debt snowball, we were already sort of, kind of in the middle of being close to the end. So we just pushed hard on all that Debt and that's okay. And so yeah, we, we do have a margin as far as we can probably save between three to 4,000 a month right now on top Of our living expenses. Then I would do that. I didn't ask you, how much do you guys make Household income is one 70. Okay, great. So you've got the margin. I want you for sure investing 15%. Don't back that down for college. Keep it at 15%. And then yeah, if you can stack away some more for the kids' college, that's great.


In the, in the meantime, go ahead and use a, a, a education calculator to find out how much that will be when the time comes for them. So that way you can start having the conversations now with them and saying, Hey, when the time comes 14-year-old that you Go to school, you're probably gonna have about $35,000 here. Here's what that means for you. And start talking to them about what that expectation is or whatever it's gonna be. I, I, I did that just, you sound like an anxious guy like me. I just did that recently. My daughter's nine and I literally took the number of months she has left before she's 18. And I just divided that by the number I want to have in an account for her when she goes to college. And then I just decided I'm gonna start saving that much money and put it in a dedicated account.


I called a buddy who's a banker and I'm running. I mean, it, it was just that simple. But it's just a math equation you can do in your head. Fair enough. And, and there's also part of this, because you also mentioned retirement. I always like to highlight this. You are going to reach an age, forget the, a ai the AI part for a moment. You are going to reach an age where you cannot work regardless. So retirement is very important. I do not want you to sacrifice that to pay cash for kids' school because there are so many other ways that they can go without you being the only bank. Does that make sense? Absolutely. Yeah. My parents and my wife's parents didn't provide for our educations And we, you know, did that ourselves Got, but I could, I could almost guarantee you in 10 years education's gonna look different too.


It Is. But what I want you to do is the same way that you run out those educational numbers, look at your current 401k and say, at this rate that we're investing, how do we feel, you know, when age 68 comes, whatever day you wanna retire, do we feel good about this? And if not, what must we do today to make that the number we want? And if that means I'm putting less to kids college, so be it. As long as you're having those conversations and you're jumping into this with your eyes wide open.


Okay, you guys remember the four walls of a budget, food, utilities, shelter, and transportation. Right now I wanna focus on food because inflation is driving up the cost of groceries and we're all feeling it. But ALDI shoppers can save up to 36% on an average shopping trip, which adds up to be about $4,000 a year for a family of four, $4,000. ALDI has what you need at prices that won't bust your budget from bread and milk to organic produce, fresh meat and affordable must-haves. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at ALDI where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at ALDI, us That's adi us s


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi defaulted Private student loans can feel like a wall that you're never gonna be able to climb. But Why Refi may be able to help you get over it. They'll work with you to explore a payment plan that's tailored to your situation. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey. Remember, it may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Ken in Indiana. My wife and I are doing our wills and our plan is to leave our assets to each other with our kids being the beneficiaries When we pass, we have four children and each will get 25% held in a trust until they're 30. We also want them to be debt free before receiving their inheritance. If they're not, we would give a 10 year window. And if they still can't get there, then their portion would Go to charity. Ooh. Do you feel this is asking too much of them? Geez, the, I have just a couple thoughts on this one, I don't know enough information here. 'cause I know your kids, and if your kids are seven, 11 and six right now, and you're already trying to prejudge them for behaviors they're gonna do when they're 30 about like you're, you're building stress into your life that you don't need to have there right now.


The second thing I'd wanna know is how much money are we talking about here? I want to, are we're talking about a hundred thousand bucks or we talking about $10 million. If it's a hundred thousand bucks, relax, just relax. If it's a hundred million dollars or $10 million, then you can kill a kid. If you hand 'em a check for $2 million and they're not, they're not well in whole, right. They can, if they have problems, they can greatly exacerbate their challenges. I Also wanna know what kind of debt we're talking about, right? Is this a, is this a mortgage payment that they just are fine with and they're like everyone else in America besides Ramsey folk? You know what I mean? Or is it a car note? And if they have a car note, they forfeit $4 million. Like, right. What is that?


I Wanna know more about their lifestyle choices are like, are they healthy humans? Yeah. You know, there's a lot here. I, and I think this is me, I like to do as little, I I'm not gonna have like Dave Ramsey money, right? And there's a lot of documented research that says like, if you hand like X generations down this much money, you, you can hurt 'em. Right? 100%. So having some safeguards built into that I think is wise. I'm not gonna have that kind of money. And so what I really wanna spend my energy doing is teaching my kids to be people of character and model that for them growing up and outside of they have a drug problems or they're struggling with alcohol, they're struggling with things, they're gonna kill 'em.


I, I wanna do as little legislating from the grave as possible. Yeah. Let's, let's float this out a little bit because I'm having some thoughts on this. I agree with you, John. I'm also thinking about the part you said about, you know, my kids are five and seven, I don't know who they're gonna be. Right. You know, I know who they're today and I can have some thoughts into, you know, maybe what the next couple years might hold. I don't know, but for sure not into their thirties, but there's part of this that maybe you keep it a little less kung fu grip And we start to kind of see who they're gonna be. And I, you know, I am, I'm starting to think more about these ideas of not leaving everything until you're gone.


But like, what's it look like to give them a down payment on the house? What's it look like to help them pay cash for their first home? You know, like those sorts of things and see what they do with that. Right. And see who, who they are with money. And then you might find early on Oh yeah. Like even if they, I do think I'm gonna say this lightly. There are people who follow like the Ramsey plan, they pay off their day, their debt, but they're wilding out in other ways. You know what I'm saying? Exactly. That's right. It doesn't make you whole everywhere. Right. And then I know people who have a credit card, but they're Not great moms and dads. They're great. Moms and dads are very responsible in all these other aspects. So I kind of, it's, it's hard to kind of like draw this line and say, if you have this thing, you're just completely irresponsible.


And if you don't, you're completely responsible. Like, does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. So it's, this is a tough one. So there's, there's a lot, Ken, there's a lot of variables here that we don't have. I I, I wanna spend my energy, the bulk of my energy, since I'm not gonna have a hundred million dollars to pass on to my kids. I wanna spend the bulk of my energy. My 9-year-old daughter the other day said something along the lines of, I think that person's paying with a credit card and I want her to already know that's just not how, how our house operates. Right? Right. And here's the other important thing. If you are debt free and you beat your kids up about it and you don't have peace in your life, then this idea of financial peace, not never want it will be communicated because it won't make sense to 'em.


They'll be like, why would I live debt free? You were miserable. You were always angry. You were, you were trying to dictate our lives with 25 years from now. Like financial peace says, I heard my son the other day arguing with my wife about he wanted to have a sleepover And we said no. And he said, well, you get to sleepover with your best friend every night. It's not fair. And I remember saying, or my wife came back and she was kind of choked up and she said, that might be the best statement on our marriage we've ever seen is my kids experience us laughing best friends and dancing and hanging out. And so they have a picture of what marriage should look like. And now they've, they, they were too young when the big stuff happened. Right? But all that to say is, if you want them to want to live a life that's debt free when they're young, then show them the peace part.


Show them the giving part, show them the laughter in your house part. And then when they ask questions about money, you say, oh, no, no, no, we, we choose peace. We don't use that stuff in this house. And that's why we get to have that kind of peace. And then they're going to, they're gonna opt into that, that level of living. So that, that's where I'd spend my energy and time. Ken, assuming you're not a, I don't know, a a business owner that has a hundred million dollars that you're about to split off and leave. Yeah, I agree. I think that we've, we've covered this. This is a hard one. There's so many variables in it, so many factors. Maybe right back in or call back in with some more details And we can really get it dialed into exactly what's going on with you. Susan is in New Brunswick, new Brunswick, New Jersey. What's up Susan?


That's a tongue twister. Hi there. How are you Doing? Good. So I'm back to the fear of finances. I'm telling you a little story. My husband and I are both retired. We're 66, no debt living in our house. We did talk about moving to a 55 community for a while. And then now the time is here and I'm starting to get cold feet. Okay? Because I know that new, moving into a new home, this is, even though it's 55, it's a lot more than we're gonna get for the price of our house. And then monthly expenses go up with HOAs and taxes and buy new furniture. He thinks we're fine.


I'm getting cold feet. You are gonna take a mortgage out. Is that what you're saying? You're gonna go from no mortgage to having a mortgage? No, we would probably take the money from the house and then add to it. Maybe take a loan for a little bit against our portfolio, I guess. Yeah, that's a, I mean that's a, so no, that's a backwards, but it's still a mortgage. You're taking a payment out on the house. Yeah. Why would you do a loan? Why wouldn't you just take the money? No, we would, we would the loan to bridge us from the time now that we have to put out for this new construction, because you have to pay, you know, a lot like 5% at the beginning and then another 5% when you do all the decorating and things.


Here's what's important. You, you are 50% of this decision and you don't have peace. And right now you have peace. Do I? But Do I? True right? But am I over? No. No. Too fearful. No, because you don't have, you don't have the data, you don't have peace. You've got like, we're gonna do this, we're gonna do some somersaults and we're gonna do some back flips, and then we're going to slap it up, flip it, reverse it, and try to get this thing to here so that we can get in there so we can build a new thing and get into, and right now you have a paid off house. Right? At the very very least, what I would do if, if you, if at the very very least I would sell the house you're in first.


So you have the cold hard cash and you have the piece of knowing, okay, our house sold. And even if you're renting for a while, while the new thing is being built, at least you're not doing this bridge loan situation. 'cause that's, I think that's out of everything you, I heard you say that's the unpeaceful part because now you've taken out this bridge loan, now you feel the weight of, gosh, I hope our house sells. What happens if it doesn't sell in time? And then this other new construction's done and now you've got two payments. Do you see what I'm saying? That's the thing that well may, Well, maybe I didn't make it clear because we, we would, so the, the loan would be just the difference between what we get for the house and for what the new house Is called.


Called for. That's what she for. That's saying if, if, if you have a million dollar house you're trying to buy into and you sign a, you sign a commitment to move into a million dollar house and your house doesn't sell, then you've got, you've got your old house plus this million dollar house that you gotta start paying on. I I, I would want to ask the questions, what are you gonna gain by moving into this, this community? And could you do things like Go to karaoke and go play games and go hang out with friends without packing up and selling everything and taking out a mortgage at 66 years old? I agree. Sounds like this needs a little bit more thought before you jump into it.


No matter what you want to do with your money, you need a budget. Start budgeting for free today with the EveryDollar app. The easiest way to budget, track your expenses and reach. Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money. That's why you have to start telling your money where to go. So you can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to It is with the EveryDollar budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses. Download EveryDollar in the app store or Google Play today.


Thanks for hanging out with us on the Ramsey Network. The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw next to me. Dr. John Delony, continuing to take your calls. Calls about your life and your money. John will handle the the wellness side of things. I'll just keep it a broad blanket 'cause you are into all of that and I'll try to help you with the dollars and cents. All Right, let's Go to Jennifer. She's in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Why are you laughing at me, John? Because I'm into all that. What's up Jennifer? Thank you so much for taking my call. So my husband passed away suddenly a year ago. Oh Man. What was his name? Joe. Joe. Is he a good guy? Oh, he was a wonderful man.


We have seven kids. I still have five at home. Wow. Yeah, so we are debt free except for our house. We do have some investments in the savings account, but he was our primary income earner. And my income, I'm just work part-time and that was just kind of our fun money. So we live off of my part-time job now in the social security that the kids receive. So he did not have any life insurance. He had a little bit, but it was from a job that he had long ago. And so it was just a little bit and that's what's in our brokerage account that is set aside in case anything ever happens to me.


How much is that in the brokerage? We have about a hundred thousand. Okay. And what is the money between the social security and the part-time job We have, it's about five total between my part-time job and social security is about 5,300 a month. Okay. And how then, how much is the mortgage payment? That's 1600. Okay. Is our mortgage good? Good, good. Yeah, But you can't, you can't raise five kids on 5,000 bucks a month. It pays the bills and I am really good at budgeting, but there's just nothing extra to start saving That's right. Towards anything. So is It, is it, you Know, How can, before I put words in your mouth, how can we help?


My question is, do I continue to just work this part-time job and keep the kids' life is close to what it's been? I don't think you can. Or do I try to find another job or another part-time job so that I can Yeah. Be a more piece? I mean, it sounds like you provider For them. How old are your, how old is your youngest? She's eight. Yeah. Okay. There's, there's no way I can give you an answer that's gonna not hurt. But I think you're in a season now where Yeah, like there's a fiscal reality to this and it, and a year the smoke is cleared and you miss your husband every day and he was a great dad and a great guy.


But what you have right now is a math problem. Right. Do you know, do you, the house that you have now, if you were to sell it, what would it bring? Like what do you think you could take home if you did sell it? I just, I looked it up on Zillow and it's worth around 430,000. Okay. And we owe 1 62 on it. But to find a house that can house five kids in our area, I don't think we, we have, we are fortunate to have a house that has five bedrooms. It doesn't, it's not huge, but it fits our family well.


Is There any, I don't Think we, is there any sharing of bedrooms that can take place? Yeah, definitely. And in another few years there'll be less kids hopefully at home. Hopefully a few of them will go off to college. I'm just wondering, what, what I'm getting at is there's the part-time job, I mean there's the 5,300, which like you said, under other circumstances that could work. You've got a lot of children and then while your home payment is not as high as it could be, it's still a little bit higher than I'd want. It's like three or $400 higher than I'd want it to be all in. And you're gonna feel that. So I'm just wondering, my thought was like, man, is there a world where you sell this house and take the cash and buy something a lot smaller, but gets the job done and puts you in a position where you're not on the hook for paying a mortgage every month.


It just gives you a little bit more security. Right. Maybe if kids, if you don't want to go get a full-time job, you can keep a part-time job and your kids can share rooms. Sure. My goal is to hopefully keep the house my two till, my two younger ones are the only two left. So that we could really downsize. I get that. But Which is another five years. Yeah. That's what, that's what I'm saying. And so I think, again, this, this is just us talking to you 'cause we love you. Sure. I, I, I think you have multiple things that you would love to do in a perfect world. Right. And one is be able to stay at home because you are trying to fill that gap that you really can't fill with a pretty amazing dad.


He's gone. Right. Right. And you're trying to be all things which is amazing and you bring in extra money, which is amazing. And you have a picture of not wanting to disrupt them from the home they've lived in forever. And that's amazing. And all those things are just too much. And so one or two or three of those pictures is gonna have to change and shift. Or what's gonna happen is your kids are gonna have an exhausted fried mom. Right. And I would rather them share a bedroom and have a mom that can breathe. I would rather them have a mom that works full time and gets home and your 8-year-old is growing up at a house where she lost her dad.


She's gonna learn how to make, she's gonna learn how to help make dinner and she's gonna have a purpose and be able to take some of the grief she's feeling and channel that as well. Right? Yeah. All that stuff is going to, It is just the, the reality that you find yourself in. Right. And my kids are amazing in that way. The days that I don't work, they all gather together and just, they know their jobs. You make dinner, you're the cleanup crew. Oh, it's amazing. You're the homework. You're the get Angie ready for bed and you know, they Call, can I assure you that, that them having that purpose and responsibility is a gift to them long term. It's a way that they are help that they, they are integrating their loss of their dad into a purpose and shared experience.


It's good. Yeah. And it's not what you drew up, but it's the best of a, of a pretty rough situation. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Do do you have a math problem that you wanna solve? Like, I'd like to have this much money every month. I think one other question I had is I do have a money market account that has 30,000 in it and I didn't know if I should just cash that out and put it in our savings as our, so that we have six months of money that we can access as our, you know, instead of it being in the brokerage account where we can't get to it.


Should it be in a, the savings account? I mean, if you wanted to transfer it, if you wanted to transfer it over to a high yield savings. 'cause you can get to it easier if there is an emergency. I'm not mad at that. A lot of times money markets, you can write checks out of them though, and you can access the money. But yeah, if you wanted to move it to some online high yield, I'm not mad at that. And that way the way you're accessing It is through a transfer rather than, you know, writing a check or transferring it. They're, they're both basically the same thing. So you don't necessarily have to do that. The a hundred thousand in the brokerage, is that the only money you have? Or is there a re retirement anywhere real quick? No, I don't have any retirement. No.


That's the other reason I think it's gonna be really important for you to get something full-time. Even if there's some sort of benefits associated just to get you started. The good news in all of this is your youngest is school aged. So you've got this time, you've got this window in the middle of the day that you can work. And there's so many programs available to help with before school care and after school care. So I think you can do this. This is just a new way of life and that's really tough to start a brand new way of life. It's S heartbreaking, but there's a reality to it. So I just wanna tell you, I think you're amazing and it's pretty cool that you had a great husband.


Buying and selling a home is a big deal and you want an expert in your corner fighting for you to get the right deal at the right price. That's why we only recommend Ramsey Trusted Real Estate Agents. They're handpicked pros who know their stuff. Listen to your needs and have your back from the first call all the way to closing day. To find a Ramsey trusted agent near you, visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering where the heck your money's going, your first step is getting on a budget. Our team is hosting free budgeting trainings this month and at them you can learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget using EveryDollar Plus you can get the biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a. That's right. I said a live q and a. That's great. Spots are limited. So sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar today. I must said manana, but that means tomorrow, right? Correct. Okay. That was correct.


Today Nancy is in Tucson, Arizona. What's up? What's up Nancy? Hi. Hi there. Here's my question. I'm 71. Should I wait till I die or should I start giving my kids and grandkids money that I have that It is just sitting there? Yeah. And I'm not even barely using it. How much is it? Okay, so altogether I have about 240,000. Oh, I don't think that's as much as as you think It is though. Nancy. Nancy, you're Gonna live 20 more years.


True. 25 More years. Do You live by yourself right now? Well, a grandson lives with me. Okay. He moved in with me. The house is paid. I'm getting a big spousal annuity from my husband who worked for the government. He passed in 21. How much is that annuity? So I'm getting about, I'm making about 98,000 off that a year. Okay. Can I, and I have, oh, go ahead. I have a hundred thousand in another annuity that has earned 16,000 in interest and then I have my 401k, that's 78,000.


Then I have a money market that's 46,000. But all of it equals two 40. Right? Is that what you told me? Well, that's what I think it's about 2 42. Well, here's my thought. Right? Here's what I'm thinking about. Okay. I'm not against the idea of like, hey, I have to wait. Do I have to wait until I die to give them everything? I'm not against wanting to do things that you can afford to do now to, to bless them or to give them gifts. The only thing I'm thinking about is your grandson lives with you now, is he ma is he, tell me about his status. Is he divorced? Is he single? Oh no, he's single. He works 40 hours. Okay. He, So what I'm thinking is, what happens if your grandson meets a special lady and they get married and he moves out and as you age, let's say you're now 85 and you're still healthy.


But I'm fine with him. Well, let me play it out. Let's say you're still healthy, but really it's not good for you to live on your own. Right. And if they say, Hey, we want, or let's say your health does start to decline and you need like maybe some in-home care or assistance. That's what this 240 is gonna be there to help cover. Because that's, that's a very, very expensive. So while I think there might be some that you could possibly do, I do think that two 40 could go very quickly should you require some care at any point. Okay. And just, just a, okay. I Never, I don't wanna, I don't wanna panic you. Okay. Can you say, I promise I won't panic. Yes, I promise.


Do you, I can't hear you. Have you heard recently the kind of shape, the fiscal shape that government is in? You know what, no, tell me. Not Great. It's Bad. They're Not doing great. It's not all, all I can say is this. If you were my mom, my mom is a few years older than you, I would not say, you know what you should count on for the next 20 years. A hundred thousand dollars a year annuity payout. You should just count on that. I would not tell her to do that for any other reason other than all day, every day. All I do is take calls from people who are promised this buyout this payout by the government, this loan repayment plan. And it doesn't ever work out.


And so it's amazing that you have that 98 grand. I would rather wait till you were 77 and that 250 grand has become 500,000 before you started giving away a little bit of little gifts and things like that. I just think you're gonna live. And by the way, when it be, if you, if you live to be 77 and then you get another seven years and you're 84, that 250 grand's gonna be a million bucks. 'cause it doubles every seven years. That's right. Oh, so you'd be missing out on a lot of growth. You'd list a ton of growth. And then at 85 when you're still alive and kicking and you're just wrecking shop in the bingo hall, then you can start writing checks to grandkids. Okay. Because I'm still working even.


Yeah, of course. It's a part time job. Yeah. Keep doing it. Yeah, you're doing your thing. Okay. Yeah. I, is There a specific request somebody's asking for? No, I just keep seeing how it seems like everything's so expensive. You know, food and rent. It is. And I, I own my home. Yeah. You know, I have no bills, nothing. But I just wanna maybe help them out a little by gifting some of this stuff. I Mean, you define what that would look like. Give us an example of something you've come across lately that you're like, man, should I do it? Tell us, give us an example. Okay. Okay. So look, my, I put 40,000 into a money market.


It is earned 6,000 already. What if I gave some grandkids like 5,000 each, let's say, so half of it would be gone For what? Just to make their life a little easier. Mm. Because, or no? Well That's, I should do that. I think that's, well that's where my question comes in. It's like just handing out money for the sake of handing out money. Feels a little frivolous. Now if you said, Hey, okay, my, my granddaughter is about to Go to college and you know, I know for a fact that, you know, she's working over the summer. I'd like to match some of what she's doing. Like if there's a true purpose to it, that makes a lot more sense than just, it almost sounds like you, yeah, I have this money.


I feel like I should just give it away. And then my other question is, are you doing any other types of giving? Like are you practicing gen generosity in other ways? It sounds like you're, you feel guilty? Well, yes, I do donations to a church. Okay, great. But I just feel like it's sitting there and times are tough for these young kids and I just want it to be nice, but maybe I shouldn't be yet. Well, the nicest thing you can do is not make them have to move you into one of their back bedrooms when you're 86. That's right. You know what I mean? Yes. And so you, if you had nine houses or you had Yes, you had $1.7 million right now, and you had two great ama amazing grandkids that were busting their butt and they just found themselves in that gap where they can't afford a house, they can't afford the rent.


Then I would say yes, you have an opportunity to sit down and say, I'm gonna cover your rent for a year to help y'all get ahead. Like, that'd be amazing. This is me being honest. You don't have that kind of money? Not yet. You Have two, you have two 50 grand in the bank. Gotcha. Yeah. So keep, keep working. That's nothing. Okay. What, what are you making at your job? So Nancy, but I wanna see a triple. Well, I was a, I was a bartender for 45 years. Nancy, You're Nancy, you're a gangster. I I like you so much. Are you still tanning bar right now? No. God, I can't anymore. They want me to. But you can make a mean old fashion. You can make a mean old fashion, can't you? Yeah. To Tom Collins and Some of those, those people will be dead soon.


All the people that drink those will be dead. And they're all drinking other shit right now. But anyways, I host and they call me a manager at one job. I'm not a manager, but yeah. Whatever they, But here's the thing, here's the thing, Nancy, you're making a good income. You are out here working. You're 71. I feel like I'm talking to a 41-year-old. You're doing good. You got 240,000 saved. Just remember what John said. This lump sum is gonna double every seven years. And you've got for sure 14 more in you. So you're, you're doing good with this. Keep putting aside as much as as you are. Yeah. 85-year-old You is a millionaire. And then that's when we're gonna start talking about giving chunk, giving chunks of money away. Giving away.


Yep. Yep. Oh my gosh. That John, what you said nails hits the nail on the head. Like the goal here, when you start aging, the goal is who's gonna take care of me and how can I make it to where it's not a burden on my kids? Right. Right. So it's you putting around aside the money that you need so that if your kids need to hire an in-home nurse, they can, if they need to move you to a nice facility where there's folks around the clock that take care of you. They can, because it's not always feasible for people to become 100% full-time caretakers when they have their own kids that they have to take care of. And they have their own jobs that they have to work and they have to put food on their own table Things.


And this things is unpopular to say, but you only get stronger by lifting heavy weights. And if I see my 20-year-old grandkids grinding, I know they're gonna be really strong 40 year olds. So I don't wanna take that grind from them. Mm. Unless it's really dire. So let's, let's protect the 60-year-old then. That might have to take care of me one day. That's Good.


On the debt-free stage, we got Tim from Dallas, Texas. What's Up Tim? What's going on Tim? Great to be back in the great state of Tennessee. Alright, Tim, it's great to see you, man. Yeah. Tell us what brings you in This, actually, You paid it all off. How much you Pay off? 333,000. Whoa. Okay. You know, my spidey sense is going off. Tell us more. What kind of kind of debt was that? Two 401k loans, two car loans, personal loans, several credit cards, medical debt and the house. I knew It. Yeah, I knew it, Tim. Wow. How long did it take You? Five years and 11 months. Wow.


Five years. Look at that beautiful place you got there in Dallas, Texas. That's nice. Awesome. Wow. It just hits different when it's paid off. Look at that. And what were you earning during that time? Give us The range. Starred around 1 27 and finished up just recently over 200. Wow. What do you do for a living? Dude, I'm in, in the insurance game. Commercial insurance property. Very cool. Okay, Man. Okay. So what in the world happened when you decided I'm, I'm out of this? So It started in November of 2018. My wife died in 20 the month before. And I realized, and she and I had talked about it some before she passed and, and it was sudden.


And there was no way I could retire at that point. And I had three son. I have three sons, and they're, I didn't, I'm not living with my three sons. They're not taking care of me until I die. And so I knew I had to do something different and get out of it, called our local church and said, Hey, do you have a financial advisor or something? I need some help. And they're like, oh, we, we got a FPU thing. I said, oh, okay. Who teaches it? And they said, oh, this guy who's an IT guy? I'm like, what's an IT guy know about finances? And he was great. His name Stan Squires, great guy. Been a big encouragement to me through the journey. And, but he was the guy that taught you FPU or?


Well, so he, I went to the FPU class that he taught. I had actually been through it and failed the class like 15 years before. But he, he taught the class and then the next year I actually co-taught it with him. And I've co and I've co-taught three or four more Oh, wow. At a different church since then. So When we say FPU for those listening, financial Peace University, it's basically our, you know, a course on how to manage your money. That's what we're talking about. So someone shared it with you and now you've turned around and shared this with other folks in your life by, you know, coordinating the classes. Correct. Wow. Correct. That's really, really cool. All Right. So tell me about doing this. It is hard.


Tell us about doing this by yourself. So one of the things they talk about in FPU is you need an accountability partner. Or if you're married, then you and your spouse have to be on the same page. And my wife and I were never on the same page. I was the nerd. She was the free spirit. And so we were never really on the same page when she passed. I still had two sons at home and I just, I got the EveryDollar app Yeah. On my phone, and I did the free one because I'm not paying for anything. I don't have to. I hear you. And so I did the free one, which the free one's pretty good people, so get that one if you don't wanna pay the extra. But I was doing that and it, it just helped me tune in on all the stuff.


And like you guys say every, it took me about two or three months to where I got it tuned in. But then when I got it dialed in, it was, it was, it was hard, but it wasn't that hard until I decided, Hey, I'll just go ahead and pay off the house. And the house. I refinanced my house about a year after my wife died. And I took it from about 24 years, left on a 30 year down to a 10 year note. And I asked the bank, I said, do you all not have a five year mortgage? They said, no, we don't have a five year mortgage. You're not. So I, yeah. So I, I got it paid off in about five years. Wow. So That's really something.


So you, you get the budget, you get it dialed in. What was the hardest sacrifice? You know, I think last year was, it wasn't really a sacrifice, but it was the hardest time I had last year. I went through a lot of things. AC went out on the house. Mm. Engine in my car started leaking coolant, so I had to replace it. And there were a lot of things that just came up last year that were just sucking the money out. And I was down to nothing in my, in my emergency fund. Oh, That's the worst. Yeah. And I was, I was to a point where I'm like, I need to get this car. And I was talking to a friend of mine and they said, you know, you're, you're too close.


Don't, don't screw this up. And so I didn't, and I paid cash for the car and it's, it's a hail damage Toyota. And like Dave says, it doesn't look pretty, but it gets 40 miles to the gallon. I know. That's right. So it drive, drive. It's gonna last longer than you do. That's that's amazing. Yeah. What, what was it like for your boys watching their dad grieve? Mom, go through that and then watch dad slowly over the last five years, almost have a Phoenix moment rise up from the ash. I think I I think it'll hit them later. Mm. My youngest is 18 now, and my other one is 22. My oldest one's 29. He was married before mom died.


And it was, I, I mean, at times it, it was hard for them just because, Hey dad, can we go out to eat? No. Do you know why? Because it's not in the budget. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. And, and now, you know, we can get, dad, can we go somewhere for dinner? Yep. That's cool. And it's, and my youngest one, he's, he's going to college this fall and I've got three out four years already funded. And by his, wow. By his sophomore year, I'll have the fourth year done. Oh, amazing. Dude, that's Awesome. Oh, amazing. I love that photo. And that, that was one of the things I cash flowed during it. I, I got a degree, a bible degree.


Oh, you got another degree? Yeah. I got a, I got a Bible degree during this journey because when I retire, I'm not just gonna sit around like you guys say, I'm gonna have an encore. I love that. And so I'm thinking about doing, you know, some chaplaincy or something like that. Amazing. Just something that, to gimme something to do. Not, I won't need the money, but just to help out. Yeah. To help other people. Good for you, brother. That's all. There's just so much here. Like, you know, and I'm not discounting anybody else's journey by any means, but I mean, you, you did a lot in these past few years and you did them while going through a lot emotionally. Yeah. And so kudos to you for that. It is a lot of money paid off. It was a lot. Emotionally.


Talk to that person right now who's got whatever amount of debt and it feels too hard for them. Talk to them for a minute. You know, you can get through a lot more than you think you can. We, we are taught, you know, okay, it's okay to drop out when it's hard. And you know what, sure. It's okay, but you're never going to achieve what you could if you keep going. And I love one of the quotes you, you kick out all the time, Jade, you can tell me you won't do something, but don't tell me you can't. That's right. That's right. And, and that's what a lot of people do. Oh, I can't do this. Yeah, you can. I mean, I I do marathons. That's right. And, and people say, oh, I can never do that.


Yeah, you can. You just won't because you won't put in the work. And that's, that's what you've gotta do with this. It's not easy, but, but you know what? The other end is great. 100%, man. You got it. You got it. Wow. What a story. Amazing. Anything else you want? I see you have your notes. Was there anything else you wanted to Say? I was looking, I was looking. I, I, I think that's about it. You know, at the end of the day, what got me through all this was the Lord and my faith community. And I had a shirt that I was gonna wear today, but left it at home and it, it's, it has the Hebrew symbols for loaves and fish on it. And It is, we as Christians are called to bring what God gives us to him.


And he does the miracle. We don't do the miracle. We just bring what he, you have. And I had not been bringing what he provided for years. And finally through this five or six years, I was able to do that. And he did the miracle. Wow. So he got us through this. It's amazing. I love it. This is an incredible story. I love it. Thank you so much for coming here. Thank you all. Thank you for coming into that free stage. All Right. You know what comes next? We got Tim from Dallas, Texas. He paid off $333,000. Lots of different debts, but including his mortgage. He did It, did it in about six years, making 127,000 to $200,000. Tim, you know what to do next. Count it down. Give us a debt free screen.


3, 2, 1. I'm dead free. Oh yeah. You're, oh my gosh. Oh, wow. Dude, That's a story, man. That's one of those that People are sitting at home saying, I can't. Yeah, you can, You can. You sure can. And what I love about this, It is, it was all sharing. It was the guy, I think he said his name is Stan at work that, you know, at church that taught him FPU. And then he turned around and taught a bunch of other people, FPU. But this is what's possible, guys, when you work this Ramsey plan. So we say it all the time, man, Thank you for sharing. But this is, you can share this kind of life change. And you can do it by sharing it on the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist.


You work your butt off for your money, but your money's never going to return the favor if all you do is hope for the best. If you're ready to learn how to make your money work for you, check out the Smart Investor Program. Smart Investor can help you find advisors who specialize in retirement planning, charitable giving, advanced investing strategies and more. Whatever your goals, your pro will take the time to explain your options. So you never have to invest in anything you don't understand. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. The Get Connected Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart Investor,


The Ramsey Show scripture in quote of the day, Isaiah 40 31. But those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles. They will run and not grow weary. They will walk and not be faint. And do you wanna know what I do? I go straight to remember the Titans like eagles. Y'all like giggles. Y'all Remember that? I love remember the Titans? Do you remember it? Not, no. Oh gosh. Come on, John. Anybody in the booth? Remember remembering the Titans? I remember Strong side. I remember that. Yes. I don't remember that song. Oh gosh. Somebody help me. All Right, let's Go to the quote. Lars Ulrich says, stretching your parameters is a necessity if you want keep growing.


Who's Lars? Huh? Who is Lars? I don't know. He's the drummer of Metallica. Come on. Oh, Oh, oh, you're right. Okay. Okay. I didn't know who it would be. All Right. That's Right. If we had, if I had known that we were in a musical context, I think it would've rung a bell. But, because That's fair. Just Listen, you didn't know. Remember the titans either. John, we both have holes in our abilities. We have flaws. Let's Go to Jay in Savannah, Georgia. What's up Jay? Hi there. Yeah, a bit of a pre predicament here. So I, when I was 21, I went to medical school in the Caribbean. Wasn't a good school. And It was actually destroyed by a hurricane.


Oh no. So I, I left, I came back and long story short, I went to a different medical school and then I decided to drop it. And then a few years ago I kind of went back and I have almost 600,000 in student loans. Yeah. How bad. Yeah. Six. And I'm a 52,000 a year right now as a contracting consultant, a technical writer. And I just, I'm totally lost 'cause I'm on an IDR an income driven repayment plan. Yeah. But it, it's like I, I can never buy a house or, you know, there's no purpose in even no saving for retirement. I, I just, I don't know what to do. Okay. So you're talking to two people. We, we haven't been there, but we've, we've been there six figures in the hole, don't even know what to do.


Making 30, 40, $50,000 a year. Like Jade's been there. I've been there. Okay. You, your situation's worse. But I know how scary that is. I know how futile it feels. It just feels like there's no way. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I hate that for you, man. I mean, I just, you know, making my little payments for the IDR. Yeah. Bringing some cash. I'm living with my parents. I'm 30 years old. Yeah. And it's like, I'm just living day by day, but then I kind of think long term and it's like, you know, I'm just kind of giving up. So, yeah. I don't know. Just thought, give guys a call. No, absolutely, man. Yeah, John is right. We've both been to our, our version of this.


And you're right. It, it can feel really, really dark. What are you doing now that's earning you 50 KA year? So yeah, I'm a technical writer for government proposal writing. Okay. I help small businesses win government contracts and it, it, it's enjoyable work. You know, I get to help tiny companies, you know, expand and win contracts, but, you know, I'm just a, a technical writer slash proposal developer. How'd you get into that? Did you just so fall into it Or? Yeah, it was a good friend. Yeah, it was a, a friend. They, they were doing it and then I actually started the company as like a telemarketer almost. But then I, I kind of showed them that I, you know, am able to do this in-depth research that's needed for writing these proposals.


So I kind of followed that and then, you know, now I'm actually the head of the department, but it's a startup where I work. How much longer is that job even gonna be viable? Yeah. That's, that's one of the first jobs gonna go, isn't it? Well, hopefully not, although, I mean, the federal government is always gonna be around and they're always gonna be No, but I'm talking about Chad GB t's gonna take those jobs, aren't they? So yes and no. Okay. We do use chat GBT, but the contracting offices look for, you have to really follow the performance work statement and write quality work. Okay. That's fair. And, and yeah, that's a whole different debate we can have, but, okay. No, that's, that's all good. Let me, let Me, let me tell you something, Jay, that helped my husband and I, and I'm, I'm precursor this by telling you it's gonna be one of those easier said than done things, but at least it can inform how your thought process is going forward with this.


Yes. So when my husband and I looked up and realized we had almost $500,000 of debt And we were making, you know, th 30,000, and then it went up the next year to 40 and then the next year to four, you know, 55, And we are steadily growing up, but we hit a point where it was like, Hey, even if we're working like dogs as much as we can, there's a ceiling to what It is that we're doing. And if we hit that ceiling, it's still gonna take us a decade to pay this debt off. Right? Yeah. And you, you're feeling that right now. And so for me, what I started thinking is outside of the box, and it was like, what can I do exponentially to get my income up? What am I good at?


What does the world need that I can offer, that I can create something that I can pay myself what I need to make in order to pay these things off? So what I'm saying is, you might need to get entrepreneurial here. If there's not a career field that's in your purview that you're like, Hey, I'm gonna go for that and I know it's gonna make me the salary I need to get outta this in the next seven, eight years. You need to be thinking about what can I create? What do my skill sets say that I can do? And can I build the muscle and build that on my own and learn and grow into that? Because whenever we talk about these on the, on the lowest level, whenever we talk about debt issues, right? There's two sides of it. There's, hey, you cut your expenses right, but that's not gonna work for you.


Right? Cutting your expenses down, that's, forget that it could give you some change in your pocket, but you know, that's pennies compared to the debt you're facing. So the other side of this is the income side. And again, I'm telling you, it sounds easier said than done, but that's where we go into the long term picture of getting out of debt has stages. And there's some things that you can do that'll make, you know, small cuts in this going forward. But how can you grow over leaps and bounds? And that is in that shift in income, whether it's like, Like I said, shifting to a career where you can see, hey, yeah, I could make some substantial money that I could put some real dents into this. And if you don't see it, creating it and just knowing that there is a timeline involved there.


You know, it took a decade for my husband and I to not only pay off the debt, but move into like a baby step three situation. And that was years of growing a business and growing our careers to where it, it fit the $500,000 of debt. And it's the same thing with you growing your career to where that whole, the shovel ratio is doable. And what I want to encourage you is that that is a journey and it's okay that it's a journey and it's okay that you feel like you have wasted years of your life. It's okay that you feel that way. I just wanna encourage you to know that on this side of it, I can tell you that it's not a waste if you just keep walking this thing forward and just putting one foot in front of the other, like you said, taking it day by day.


'cause it literally is that, I promise you, I promise you're gonna look up in 10, 11 years from now and you're gonna go, man, I, I did the impossible. I I was consistent and I just went day after day and I did this. And I'm so glad that I went on that journey because I figured out who the real Jay is and how strong the real Jay is, and how much that I can take and how much I can deal it out. And I just, just, yeah. I've already had, I've already had some clients, you know, saying that they wanna work with me directly, but at the same time, I don't wanna betray my, my employer. Do you have any insight on how to kind of navigate, you know, starting my own Yeah.


Thing, which I, I'm currently doing with some previous clients. I, I'm actually make more money doing that than I do at my job. Of course you do. But the job, It is steady and it's, it's stable and there's an office and everything. Steady And stable is not gonna get you out of this brother. Yeah. You gotta take some leaps and bounds. Yeah. So I guess you guys would kind of recommend that I just go full force with my own thing and I mean, I've Not necessarily Both and it's, yeah, There you go. Both and Both and Okay. And be a person of integrity and abso the temptation's gonna be to cut corners. Don't do that. Yes. You don't wanna be that guy. You don't wanna have, you don't wanna owe $600,000 and Go to jail. Right. Or be unemployable. Exactly. But within your, like, within the bounds of, of your integrity.


Yeah. You can't take as long as it's not work that you're taking from your employer, if that makes sense. And if you have a non-compete, that's what you sign. That's what you sign. So you can't do that. But if you don't have a non-compete and you're a person of integrity, take every single solitary side hustle you could possibly imagine. 100%. Yeah. I mean, I have a client who is a, at a previous company and there's no non-compete there. And he was so happy with my work that he said that he'd introduced me to his, his people. So that could get me more, more people for myself. And I do that while I'm still working at this job and do that all ethically. Yeah. Legally Do that man for you. Yes. Networking, talking, telling people, as many people as you can, start to get to know that's in that field and you can start building that network out.


Yeah. That's 100% how you grow this thing. Because that's how people know who you are and what you do and what you can offer. And you say yes to everything. You put every penny towards this thing. That's right. Yeah. Make it happen, brother. Make it happen. I'm gonna try this one more time. John like Eagles. Y'all remember the Titans Strong side? That's It. That's the one everybody knows. This has been The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new Ramsey 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist, a quick start collection of how to get started walking the Ramsey plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money. I.