
This is The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win in your work, and win with your relationships. Phone number's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman, George. Kamel joins me and we're here together for you. George will take the lead as our resident money expert today and I'll be helping you on making more income. How do you make more income? Do you need to make a professional move? Do you need to start something? We'll take on those calls as well so that you can get through the baby steps faster and get to that piece in a great, great way. Alright, let's do it. George, you ready to go?


I'm you warmed up. Stoked is the only word. Did you gargle? I did actually. Okay. Thanks for asking. I mouthwash before the show, as you know. Trust me. I know. I walked in on it. It's a very awkward scene. I've got it out of my memory. And we're now ready to go. Larry is gonna join us in Gulfport, Mississippi. Larry, how can we help today? Hey, I got a, a question for you. I reckon I'm trying to determine when the stress from my job isn't worth the money I'm being paid to do it anymore. Mm. Well, only you get to determine that. We can certainly weigh in on it. My general answer would be if you are going downhill emotionally, mentally, and physically, and it's it's really taken a toll on you.


You can, you can see it. It's, it's, it's a downward, we're going down. It's not a rollercoaster like it's a good day. Maybe there's two good days and then there's a really bad day. I mean, it is just a nonstop, everything is getting worse. I think that's the moment. However, I I, unless you have the financial wherewithal to just walk from that, I'm the guy that's gonna tell you to grit yourself through it and find something and find something quickly. How, how is this affecting you right now? Well, mainly just, you know, mentally not, not really sleeping that well, stressed out all the time.


What kind of work is it? I'm a diesel mechanic. And is it that you're just not able to get all the work done during the day and so you're having to work longer hours? Yes. So what, so what happens is you go home. When you finally get home, you, you, you realize my Mind don't shut off. That's Right. Because you, because of what all you gotta do the next day, correct? Yes, sir. All right. And so do you work for yourself or do you work for someone else? I work for somebody else. All right. And if you were to walk today, what kind of a bind would they be? In A substantial one. Okay. And, and, and what's your relationship like with your boss?


We get along really well. Okay. I think you got some leverage here. Have you had the conversation to say, Hey, we've gotta get another mechanic, or we are gonna have to slow down the amount of work that you're relying on me to do because it's, it's really starting to affect me in a really bad way. I can't turn my brain off. I'm not sleeping at night. That's gonna cause bigger issues, not just for you, the company, but me as well. Have you had that conversation? Yes. About two months ago. And It lasted about three days. What happened in the three days? Well, it, it's not necessarily his fault. We just, it's a pretty big company and just when things go downhill, you know, we got a, we have five, 10 projects going out at time.


Everything's got equipment or trucks are run into it. And when three or four go down on different spots, it just, you know, it's a lot. It's an all hands on deck. We gotta get these trucks back out there working. Yes sir. Okay. And does he have the ability to hire? Is it, if you were in charge, what would you say the fix is? What's the solution if you were given all power to fix it? I, I don't know. Sure you do. Well you see, I'm, I'm, I'm the manager right this moment and I've been hiring people, but work ethic from some people sort of puts me further behind than it should put me forward. Right.


I know, but what I'm saying is just I'm taking you somewhere. If you didn't have, if you knew you could find the right talent with the right work ethic, what's the fix to this problem? I, I don't know. Sure you do. It's hiring more mechanics, hiring more Larry. Oh, that are really good at what they do. Yeah. Who have the work ethic. Like if you could reproduce yourself times two or three, would that get you to a place where, where no matter when a truck breaks down or how many we can handle it? Yeah, absolutely. Alright. The reason I'm walking you into this, Larry, is to give you some sense of hope because as a manager you're going to have to come to the table with a solution. You've already said your boss, it's not his fault.


Well, it sort of is. It's somebody's fault. And it sounds like the simple solution is if I found three more of me, then we could get there. And so I'm the type of guy that goes, I'm gonna have to be the one that solves this. So if I, if I like my job when it's not crazy and I've got a good relationship with my boss, And I make good money and I'm assuming you do. Is that right? Yes, sir. And it's a real pain in the, you know what to replace this job. Is that true? Yes sir. Yeah, man, So I, I'm getting solution focused before I decide to, to, to pull the rip cord and, and, and parachute out. so what I'm saying is, is I've coached a lot of leaders on this that you've gotta go find people that are wired like you and you know where those people are.


They may be in high schools, they may be in tech schools, you know, community colleges where there's a will, there's a way. And you gotta find people who like fixing the problems because left to your own devices, if you're not stressed out, you enjoy doing the mechanic work. True or false? True. So go find those people. They don't ever wanna wear a white collared shirt the rest of their life. The idea of put on a tie, make them break out in hives. Larry, am I talking to you? Yes sir. Go Find Larry's. Go find them. They're out there. 'cause you give them a path to prosperity to go can make really good money. Now, I, I also say all this to say you're gonna have to have your leader and leaders above them agree that if you go find the people, and it sounds like they've given you the car blanche to do that.


You just haven't found the right people yet. Guess whose fault that is? Mine. Come on Larry. George. That gives me hope because if it's in Larry's power, Larry can do something about It. Yeah. 'cause he knows what he needs. No one Larry knows as much about this gig as you do. And so you gotta go find young people who you can train and who go, who say, you know what? I wanna work hard and we get the right amount of people in there, then we're not stressed out. So, I. I say all that to say, I'm trying to encourage you because if you walk from this then know that you are saying, all right, I don't think that I could solve this anymore. And, I'm not sure that you're at that place.


So all that to say, I'm trying to help you win in this role. If you decide that it's too much, then go replace your income before you walk. 'cause of the stress of not having the income is way worse than the stress of having too much work. You agree with that George? Yeah. Are you in good financial standing, Larry? I'm okay. What are you making? About 120 a year. Where's it going? Well, I'm just bad at financing, but I'm working on that. Well that's one step. If you want that kind of freedom and margin and options, we gotta start taking control of this amazing income you have.


And that might be paying off debt. Let's get the emergency fund in place, start investing for the future. And in the meantime on the work side, you got your work cut out for you from Ken over here? Yep. We gotta go hire some good folks. But it's doable Larry. But you gotta go find them. I'm talking to shop teachers, I'm talking to community colleges, school tech schools and mechanic schools. You go find these people and ask the questions that you know you're supposed to ask to figure out if somebody's actually got some work ethic. This is a actually a very solvable problem. Get after it. Alright, don't move. George's gonna gargle some more during the break. I will watch him and we'll be back to take more of your calls. This is The Ramsey Show.


Buying Your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George. Kamel is with me. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 two two five is the phone number. We'd love to answer your money questions, your income questions. I'm here to help out on some of those. How do we get some more income? And speaking of it's, it's, it's like everybody's kind of getting back into the regular mode. George, you knows, depending that's true on where you're at in the country. A lot of people are going back to school. A lot of kids go back to school after Labor day. Certainly in southeast. A lot of kids have been in school now for a bit and you know, it's time to kinda get out of summer mode and let's get serious, let's get All of our sort of lackadaisical spending Yeah. Is now like, oh gosh, we gotta face this head On. That's right.


So we have got a great opportunity for those of you who want to tighten things up, you, Rachel Cruz and the EveryDollar team is doing a free live training Wednesday, August 28th at one Eastern, 12 Central. That's Wednesday, August 28th. So it is a power launch, if you will. One Eastern 12 central Register for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. Over a hundred thousand people have registered for this free live training in the past. And so we're doing another one. It's the number one way to eliminate debt. It's the budget. The number one way to build wealth is to budget. The number one way to get on the same page with your spouse about money is to budget. The number one way to eliminate stress in your financial life is to budget. Thank you George for paying attention. Again, check it out. EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. It's coming up Wednesday, August the 28th. One eastern EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. Rachel Cruz will be leading. That should be a lot of fun bringing Back power lunch. Yeah, it's been a Long time since I heard that reference. Yeah.


You know, got a lot of unnecessary information stored up here in the old nineties. It's amazing and it just, it just, you as you know all too well it pops out at the opportune or inopportune time. Yeah. Your vocabulary never ceases to impress. Yeah. Well, thank you very much. Glen is up next in Denver, Colorado. Glen, how can we help today? Hi George. Hi. I'm a big fan. Thank you guys for taking my call. Thank you. What's going on So? I have an interesting question. So my father's getting older and his health isn't in the greatest, but he's still doing fine. And he was recently talking to me about he wanted to leave his home to me and he wanted to do, he wanted to add me to the title of his home, And.


I wasn't sure one if that was the smartest idea. And two, I don't really know like what the tax implications of that would be or any of that. I, it's a property I would never plan to sell, but I still don't wanna, you know, hurt myself in the process. How old's your father? He is 64. Okay. Still got a lot of life left in him. And how old are you? I am 30, I'll be 32 this year. Okay. And what's the sort of urgency to get you on the, the deed of this house? His health has just not been great. He's had a lot of stents in and out of the hospital as of recent, so he's a little bit unsure of just kind of where his health is going to end up in the, the near future if I had to guess maybe 10 years or so.


So why not just have the house passed to you when he passes? Well, and that was something that I was trying to wonder or trying to figure out. I don't know. I, I think he had talked to somebody about it and they had told them that this would be an easier process than that. Well the, the problem you'll run into, and you probably heard these terms, is cost basis. And so if your father gifts you the house during his lifetime while he's alive, you would inherit his cost basis, which is the original purchase price plus the improvements he's made. And so if you later sell, you'd be facing some big capital gains tax on that, on the appreciation the purchase.


Correct. The way to avoid that would be you inherit the house after his death and you'd get a step up in basis. So now if you sell, well, you'd get it at the current value at the time he passed instead of the original purchase price. Okay. As Far as taxes go, that's the better way to do it, the smarter way. Okay. And then to add on that, would it be smarter to go through a will or through a trust? I mean, a simple will will do the job unless he has substantial assets and there's, you know, some strategy he's working with to pass these on in a different way through a living trust, a simple will will do the trick. Okay. And if you want more, I would get in touch with a good estate attorney on this to look at your father's situation, the totality of his estate, all of his assets.


Does he have a lot of wealth? Not necessarily. The majority of his wealth is, is in his home. Okay. Yeah. In that case, I think a simple will would do the trick again. I would still talk to an estate attorney, get their take a a trust is it can be a great tool, but they are much more expensive. Okay. And so depending on the involvement, you know, going through probate with a will, it's not as crazy as everyone makes it out to be. It's not as expensive and as everyone makes it out to be and as long it can be a pretty simple process, but make sure that his wishes are made very clear. Okay. So does he have a will today? He does currently. I don't know exactly what's on it because I haven't, I'm, I haven't seen it, but he does have One.


Do you have siblings? I do. Okay. That's where things get messy is dad passes and they go, whoa, whoa, whoa, you're gonna get the house. And so that's where I think it's wise for him to have a conversation with the family and go, here's what's gonna happen when I pass. Here's what's gonna happen. And I think with his health issues, this is not too early to have this conversation. Okay. So you've got some homework there to get. Make sure the will's in place, make sure the whole family's clear on what it is and get with an estate attorney to talk through the implications of this house being transferred. But I would not do it while he's alive. Yeah. Good advice. That Not fun to think about. It's Not, it's not. But I agree with your advice a hundred percent. It's just so much easier and getting it done through the will then, then all the feelings can be feelings, but everything is going by the book and I think that's great advice.


Let's go to Josh now in Spokane, Washington. Josh, how can we help today? Hi. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. What's going on? My, my wife And I have been looking at potentially cashing out her IRA to pay down on a house to try to pay it off within the next five years rather than, I think we have a little over 11 years left. How old are you? 2 35 and 36. Oh boy. Well, you know what happens when you cash out that IRA right? I do. I will pay you the taxes and then the penalty, but I will double the saving our savings in my interest.


We would save about 10 or 20,000 when we'd be paying about 10,000 for the Hold the phone right in front of your mouth. Josh, we're having a hard time hearing you. Oh, sorry. Is that better? I I don't think there's gonna be any savings here. You're essentially borrowing that money at 30, 35% interest while unplugging all of the future growth of that Roth IRA. So if you plug that number into an investment calculator from 35 to 65, that's all the money you're giving up. It's not just the money today plus taxes, it's also the future growth. Yeah. We also have, I have a pension through my work. And I have 390,000 in my company sponsored 401k.


so What, where's the urgency to knock out this mortgage at the expense of your retirement? Because we want to be able to enjoy traveling with our kids who are younger now we're gonna have money. We were just want, we dropped our house to a 15 year, about four years ago and it's caused more stress than what we wanted. Just 'cause inflation and everything. So I mean we're still able to pay our bills and we have no other debts besides our house. Well it sounds like, like you have an income problem then if drop into a 15 year caused you to have this much downward pressure on your, in, on your finances.


I don't think inflation is to blame here. What's your mortgage compared to your monthly take home pay? Our mortgage just went up to like 24 50 And I. Think our take home is 7,300. That's a lot. I think you guys, truthfully what happened was you guys got too much house and the 15 year mortgage just exposed that and So I would not rob the retirement. I would downsize in house if you really want more freedom and margin, but I would not do this move under any circumstance. I hate to be bad cop here, Ken. No, I think you're absolutely right. Again, why sacrifice the future on the altar of the immediate to kind of this lifestyle, we wanna do this and this, this, well, we gotta be thinking about the long term here.


Find a different way to do it Yeah. Than robbing a retirement. Yeah, Yeah, I agree. I think that's, just leave it alone. That's why they, we call that that investment for the future So I know it's not what you wanted to hear, but that's what we think is best. Thanks for the call. Alright. Don't move more of your calls coming up. This is The Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win with your work, and win with your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell joins me. The phone number for you to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Alright, so here we go George. We're about ready to hit Labor Day and you know, you get on the other side of Labor Day, traditionally it's, it's on a presidential election year. That's when everybody kind of in the, in the political business feels like Things are heating up Now, now everybody starts to pay attention, right? And so we've been covering some economic issues that are central to the campaign and we're just saying we're not telling you how to vote.


We never will. We're not telling you how we're voting neither, by the way. Some of these people we assume things nobody knows. That's true. Nobody knows. Nobody Knows. Likes keep a little mystique. Yeah. What's nobody's business, but, but it's not, you know, it's nobody's business. That's not what we're here to do. We're here to talk about how some of this policy could affect your pocketbook. Yes. We are not interested in the policy, we're interested in your pocketbook, but to the extent that the policy will affect your pocketbook, we'll tell you that's important. What we thinks important. Yeah. So There's your disclaimer. And so here we go. Let's talk about a new, it's not new but not new at all. It's Been floating around for a few years, floating around, but Recently It's popped back up. Came back up, Up.


What is that issue? I've been getting all these dms, Ken, everyone's freaking out. They're going Oh, my gosh, have you seen this? Kamala Harris is proposing a 44% unrealized capital gains tax. You need to talk about this. So I looked into it, And I went. Okay, what'd You find? There's some truth to it. As with anything that is set on the internet or any headline, right? You gotta look to the fine print to see what this actually is. So first let's talk about what capital gains is, right? You buy an asset like real estate, a stock, a mutual fund, that thing appreciates in value goes up, you go to sell it, you would then pay capital gains tax. They're short term. If it's been less than a year, there's long term, if it's longer than that. And the long term is obviously a lower tax rate.


so what they're talking about is unrealized capital gains, which means you didn't actually sell the asset and yet they want to tax money you didn't actually make. So let's think about this with an example. Ken puts $10,000 into a mutual fund. The mutual fund increases to 15,000. So you made $5,000, Ken, but you didn't actually sell the fund yet. That's right. You didn't actually make that 5,000. That's right. Well, they're saying you should still pay taxes on that $5,000. Now you might ask this question, where's that money gonna come from because I didn't sell this. Well, you're gonna have to find the money elsewhere, Ken. Right? Because we want our, our Pound of flesh. Now they, they being proponents of this policy.


Yes. So this is not a Kamala policy, this is from the Biden administration. That's correct. That Kamala has come out and said, Hey, we are backing the, the Biden tax proposals that were set up. Yeah. So here's the deal. Does this affect you? Well, it may not directly affect you because they're saying this is really the billionaire income tax is what they're calling it. It's for households that have an income of more than, or, or at least assets that are worth more than a hundred million dollars. So this affects Dave Ramsey. If you're listening, this affects you. Probably no one else listening right now. This affects, now Ken, there are indirect effects that I think we should talk about. So let's talk about what happens when we add these extra taxes.


And right now they're saying there'd be a minimum 20% tax. So it's not 44%. They are proposing that should be the highest marginal tax rate. It's 44%, which is higher than it is now. Right. But let's even say 20% on those unrealized capital gains. Let's about What this does for the super wealthy. Yes. So number one, here's what I'm thinking this does. number one, it's a slippery slope because it's not a far cry where they go, you know what, a hundred million, let's bring that threshold down later on to 10 million or even a million, just like what they did with income tax back in what, 1913, they proposed an income tax to the top 1%. That's right. Well guess what? Now most states have an income tax that everybody pays, right? So that's the slippery slope argument. The next one, Except for the great state of Tennessee.


That's Right. That's why people are moving to Tennessee and away from other states. That's right. So one thing that could happen, Ken, is wealthy investors, they're gonna need to sell other assets to pay the tax bill because they didn't actually make the money, which could lead to more frequent trade trades and big swings in the stock market. So more volatility, they also could be reduced confidence and reduced, you know, excitement to even invest in the first place. If you know you're gonna get dinged heavily, why would you do it? That's right. Why would you go in on investing? So that could also slow down the growth of the economy. That's right. Which I want you to talk about here. Sure. Well, this is a reverse trickle down economics. So a little history lesson here in the eighties, Reagan was criticized by the other side that his economic plan was called trickle down economics.


And, and, and was criticized for this because, but, but this is a reverse of this in that because the, the economic policy of Reagan was to create tax breaks for the wealthy because they reinvest the money, they spend money thus creating jobs and everybody wins this. This is a, by the way, a philosophical disagreement. I can tell you right now, people that are listening to this, either live or later are gonna hammer me on Instagram for what I just said. But this isn't my opinion. You can disagree with that philosophy. But there are two philosophies. There just are, there are two philosophies right now in the major party system. And so what, what what we believe, or I should I should I won't say, I won't say we, I'm not gonna speak for you, George.


What I believe on this is that ultimately this is not the best way to raise government revenue. And can I tell you how much they're talking about raising here? Yeah. It's A, it's a penance. 500 billion over 10 years. And what's our national debt at right now? Over 35 trillion. $35 trillion, folks. So again, folks, we're talking about real numbers. You can get mad at us all you want. You can get so mad at me. I don't care. I literally do not care. I won't even read it. I'm gonna sleep like a baby tonight. Okay? Don't even care. These are facts and figures. Okay? That amount of money will do nothing with the government spending problem. George, if the federal government called in on the line and you took the call and they said, we got $35 trillion in debt, George, what's the first thing you're gonna tell 'em to do?


Cut the spending. Cut Spending. You're not, it's a, it's a both end. But taxing the super wealthy seems very popular, but by the way, it is, it's very popular with a certain amount of voters. Well, it's popular also because they're, they're shaking the fist at wealth inequality, right? But it's challenge that they have all this money. What They don't understand is, is you might as well just move somewhere else because a capitalistic society thrives when the wealthy reinvest the money they make. It just, that's just how it works. And so this is, again, a very popular policy designed to energize the base. I think it's bad policy.


It ends up affecting the economy in negative ways. And when you see wealthy people who create jobs by investing their money and they pull back outta the economy, it affects every one of us. It will trickle down, bringing this back full circle. It is a reverse trickle down. It will trickle down in the form of pain, not prosperity. Because when, when wealthy people and investors pull back to protect their money, everybody else loses. Mm. They don't lose. They don't lose. And so it creates this adversarial situation where the government's going, we gotta get more money from those rich people. Instead of going, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Why don't we actually look at our problems?


And that's what you would do. We should set up a fake call like that, James, where we have someone call in as the federal government and go, okay, we've got this budget deficit here, here. And you walk 'em through it. Because in, in, in a, in a fun simple way, it would be the same as someone calling in with half a million dollars in debt going, we think we don't know what to do. And if you're gonna make a change, And I did the math for you, Ken. We're talking about 1.4%. That's the revenue compared to the deficit. It's not gonna touch it. 1%. Does it even keep up with the interest on the 35 trillion, the 500 billion? It doesn't even come close to equaling not touching it. The interest on the debt. Yeah. And this is, I'm a big national debt guy, by the way. I think that is a unifying issue that the American people ought to go, you know, what if one election, we just all said, forget all the social issues that we all scream at each other about and we forget about party lines.


And we just went, let's, let's fix the national debt so that our kids and grandchildren may have a shot at assault, at, at, at an economy that works. What if we all just voted on that? And we said, alright, in the debate in September, the candidates have to tell us how they're going to get rid of the national debt. Ooh. And best plan wins. Now that's a fun debate. I'd actually watch that Because it would have to be around facts. Yeah. And figures and an actual plan, not insults and accusations. I'm so sick of it right now. Well, The good news can Oh, my gosh, this whole tax proposal, blood pressures could be unconstitutional, which means it would never pass in Congress. Well, I, for the record, let me, let me, let me piss off. A lot of people say it right now. I think the capital gains tax is unconstitutional.


I would love to debate someone on that fire your comments away at Instagram and Twitter. I won't even look at 'em, but I think it's unconstitutional. Capital gain tax, income tax. Constitutional capital gains tax as it's laid out. Not constitutional. We've already paid the taxes. It's time for another. Throw some tea into the harbor. I'm with you. This is The Ramsey Show. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey, good folks. The Back to School Madness is upon us. It's hitting us right now. We got travel and work and all these forms to fill out now and sports, to travel to and on and on. My family's schedule is so packed and we haven't even begun talking about things like exercise and date nights and counseling and church and home projects.


And those are the things that make our life even worth living. Here's what I've learned when it comes to taking care of me. I have to put on my oxygen mask first. And that means that I have to do the things that keep me well and whole And I know that you have to do those same things too. So don't skip the things that matter to you, including regular exercise, hanging out with your friends and regular therapy appointments. And when it comes to therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, it's flexible, and it's suited to fit your schedule. And therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, how to set and practice boundaries, how to become the best version of yourself.


And most importantly, how to find peace in all of this chaos in this upcoming season. Make sure you put on your oxygen mask first. Never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/deone. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman, George. Kamel joins me and we're excited that you are here. We're here to take your questions about your money, money, your income, that's the work side of things that helps get you through these baby steps a little bit faster.


Let's go to Holly, who joins us now in Medford, Oregon. Holly, how can we help today? Hi, I have two, my question is like two pages long and the last thing you said was keep it short. So I'm gonna try emphasize Wow. Yeah, give us the spark notes and then we'll ask more questions. How about that? That's what he said. That's what he said. Perfect. Okay. So I've been married a couple decades and some change and I basically did the home stuff, the kids homeschooling and let my husband grit and bear through all the finances, which were up and down and you know, like through the recession we lost everything. I never once jumped in for any details. I let him bring cash home and then I could breathe, you know, like we were fine.


And then in June I went and got my head done. And somebody recommended your shit. I probably listened to $500 this summer and jumped all in on my end. Wow. Which my husband is, yeah, he's, he's not, he's encouraging me. He's like, I think he's relieved that I'm learning stuff, but he, he's not in alignment with Ram. So He's basically like Good for you. Love that For you. Bless your heart. Oh, no, no, not at all. He's relieved that I'm like, you know, stepping up and you know, actually like, because up until that point I was spending the cash we had, I wasn't saving it, I wasn't really budgeting it. We were going like on trips for, for school, you know, like it was just dollar, you know, know not really dollar to dollar, but like, you know, a couple hundred bucks left over before the next few hundred.


So he's happy that you reigned in the spending. But So he is kind of, he's happy and he is, I think he's waiting for me to learn more because I still don't even like have enough of a grasp to have like, Yes. But Holly, I'm trying to help you. There's George's right? We know there's something on the other side of this 'cause you can hear it in your voice. Happy Level of education do you need? But what's the tension? Just to give us the tension point. Okay. So. I, he feels disrespected when I, there we go. When I jump in and, and you know, question things. I think he feels challenged. Give us an example. Doing it for, so of when you jumped in and he felt disrespected, what happened? I guess I, I don't have a super specific example except that his reaction was, you know, I was asking him something about, so like I make a little bit of money on side hustles.


I don't work quite yet 'cause my last one's still homeschooled. And I. Ask him about the part of the money that he spent. He doesn't ask me about the money, the cash that I make, And, I, you know, inquiring in that. He's like, you know what, I'm good. And you got your stuff figured out and you know, I I've got my stuff taken care of. And I think he felt, he just kind of felt like, yeah, you know, after this long And I, you know, this has been my blood sweat tears. Well let, let, let me dive in kind of a thing. Lemme jump in real quick. Okay. This is just classic male female stuff and you're just asking questions you, the way you said it, I understand why he's acting that way. And, I'm not saying you anything wrong, but you're basically saying, oh, I'm asking questions about how he's spending his money.


No bad idea. The way to get involved in this is to say, Hey, do you do a budget for us? Does he do a budget? Well, I know he doesn't. Right? So my point Is, well I guess that's not true. He doesn't like write down, but he has actually went to school and almost got his accounting degree. Like he does actually know what he's doing. But Do you guys have combined bank accounts? Oh yeah. Okay. So how do you know what's going on in the finances? You know, I never really cared. I don't necessarily, I feel like this is all overwhelming since June. Just, I think that's where the problem is, is all of a sudden you care. Now you're a little investigator going, Hey, what's going on? That's over here. That's right. What what about, what about this?


Yeah, that's the thing. I don't, I don't know what questions to ask. And. I feel it. I understand that the, the way he heard my question, he didn't hear my heart. And that's Right. That's fair. I wanna be more respectful. There you go. I'm not more respectful 'cause I wasn't disrespectful, but yeah, it was Sensitive. I Just need some, he's, it's s it's sensitivity to all Of this. Well, just hearing you talk, you don't seem like the type to yell at him and go, what's going on with the money over here? You seem very sweet, very kind. And so that tells me there's also something on his side that he needs to deal with. And I don't know if that's, hey, he has his own spending issues or he just feels like, Hey, I want to have the control. And I don't wanna relegate it. And Don don't want to give her a vote because so far I've been doing a a bang up job without her.


Do you think that the best way for her to go about it George, is to say, Hey, I've been listening to this show, which he knows and propose the EveryDollar. We will give it to her for free. Let's give her the free EveryDollar I and, and let her, I don't know. What do you think? Let's, let's, let's workshop this. Well, I'm gonna guess Holly, that communication your marriage has has never been stellar. That's true. Also, I was gonna say that, you know, he, since we've been married, he's owned a business and he acknowledges that he wouldn't have those business if he didn't take risks. And that is a very personal baby to him that, So do you guys have like, you have a goal financially and he's not on board. Like, do you guys have debt that you wanna pay off?


Okay. So I, we have very, I've been, I'm so blessed he doesn't believe in like going into a lot of debt. So he has a card that, you know, puts a couple hundred bucks on and pays off. I'm the one that brought on the debt. I talked to him into a car that I have paid off in a year. And I. Just when I got on the, the podcast, I paid it off my eyes 10 months faster than planned because I was like, this just needs to go. It doesn't feel good. But I'm, I'm one I'm grasping it. Straws, trying to get information into my head. I actually ordered the homeschool curriculum. I don't think it was the right homeschool curriculum, but I ordered it to go through with my kids and helped, helped me too.


Okay. Not like Holly. Holly, I'm gonna jump in again. I got a thought here. Okay. Okay. I think you need to start over with him and go, Hey, I realize that I'm just insatiable right now and it's coming from excitement. I didn't do a good job sharing my heart behind all this. I'm actually thrilled to learn. I am in no way trying to be an armchair quarterback or, or second guess your decisions at all. I still want you to take the lead on all of this. How can I learn more about our budget and learn more about our spending without making you feel attacked or that like I'm second guessing you. I, I, I would start with that.


Let's, let's let him identify and give him a chance to be heard. To go well yeah, if when you say it this way, I, I think if you were to retreat to that, I think it's probably a good place to restart. George, would you add or absolutely change any of that? Well, the One thing I would add is right now we haven't even painted a picture of where we're trying to go and what the goal is. Yeah. So right now it's just inquisitive with no real end in mind. And so that's where I think we need to reset and go, honey, listen, for the last several decades, I feel like I haven't done a good job of making this a team effort. And I know I haven't been pulling my weight and I'm trying to start a new chapter here where we forge a new path together, we hit financial goals together that we never thought were possible And, I'm ready to get more involved in the right way.


And so will you go on this journey with me? Can we sit down and make some goals as a couple? Can we pay off this car in six months? Instead by looking at this budget and seeing where we're actually spending and how we can do better, can we actually invest to what, to where we retire with dignity? Right now you have no clue. Right? And I'm not, he, he realizes that and he encourages my education on it, but it's so far it's been just, But he doesn't want your involvement I think. I really think he just felt like I was critiquing him. Yeah, A hundred percent. Then why Don't you lay up, Hey, will you show me how you've been leading our finances? Just say, I want you to educate me. Yeah. I am in no way wanting to question what you've done or why you've done it. I just wanna learn. That's good, that's Good.


And and by the way, it's okay to say I'm sorry and again, I don't think you've Done any I have a bunch honestly. Okay. I should I know I didn't have to a bunch, but I do. I yeah, Good for You don't have to tip toe around him. I just, well I realized that we communicate differently and my heart does not relay the words to reach him necessarily. And So I was looking for some words going to eventually get the financial piece for myself. And I read the, I binge read the book and that's All right. Now you guys aren't reading from the same book and that's where he needs to get involved and say you need to say honey, will you just go through this financial peace university stuff with me? Yeah.


So that when I talk about it, you understand where I'm coming from. I've Got a great recommendation. Hit me Holly this for you. I want you to go by the book Love Talk by Les and Leslie Parrott in that book it has a, a brief assessment with it that will teach you your love talk styles. In other words, your husband has a talk style. You have a talk style. And I think that book, you both take it and it's so helpful for you both to go, oh this is my talk style, this is her talk style. And you guys, it'll help you in this conversation. Learn how to talk to each other just based on the way you need to be communicated with. I think it'd be a great book. Easy read. Go get it. I highly recommend it.


My wife Stacey And I did it early on and it has helped us to route our marriage. So that's good. Hope That helps And we'll give you EveryDollar. So hang on. The line on Christian will pick up. We'll gift you EveryDollar for a year to get you guys on the same page looking at the same playbook. Good hour. George Kamel. Good stuff. This is The Ramsey Show. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free. Right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play. Or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download.


You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app. Welcome to The Ramsey Show America. Thrilled you're with us. We're here to help you win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number for you to jump in. We're here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman George. Kamel is with me and we're gonna start it off this hour with Ryan in Dayton, Ohio. Ryan, how can we help? Hi, how are you guys doing today? We're Doing well. What's going on with you? Oh, not too much So. I am 22 years old.


I just recently found out that my girlfriend is pregnant so we are going to be getting married. Okay. She is expecting in April. The tricky part here is both of us just signed leases for apartments. Mine is up in May, hers is up in June. Fortunately I don't have any debt. She has about $4,000 in credit card debt. And I would assume somewhere around $10,000 in student loan debt. What I'm trying to figure out is what is the best way for us to get a home together roughly around when's wedding, around the time what, what we're planning on in just a couple weeks, just having us two go get married and then have like a ceremony sometime later down the line.


How soon? Give us as close as a date as possible on when you both signed these leases On When we signed them originally? Yeah. You, I thought you started the call by saying we just signed leases. Yep. So it is, it would've been, mine would've been somewhere around June 10th. Okay. Hers would've been July 20th. Okay, So about a month or two ago. Yeah, I was So now you're saying we need to get out of one of these leases. What was that? You're saying you need to get out of one or both of these leases?


Well either get out of one or both of the leases and find a place together or find a way that I can pay for a place while we're both in the end of our leases and then move directly into there when they're both out. I don't un I don't understand the urgency to buy a house right now. Yeah. None. You got a lot going on. We got debt to clean up. We're about to get married. There's no need to buy a house. Why not just rent somewhere and you two live there? Why The house I guess to me, in my head it just sounded like the better alternative having a home that we can call ours rather than renting somewhere. Alright, Let's talk the numbers here. Let's show you. 'cause I think emotionally that just makes sense to you.


Well, I got a baby on the way. I'm getting married, I'm a family man. Now time to get a home. Yeah. So let's run the numbers. I'm gonna, I'm gonna dig into these here. so what is your income and what is her income? My income is about 80,000 a year. Okay. What does she make? About 15. What does she do? She's a server and she's in school full-time For what? To be a nurse. And have you guys discussed what the school schedule's gonna be like with baby on the way? Is she gonna pause? Yep, we've been talking about that. No, she's not gonna pause. Her school does offer daycare for her and we have some family and friends involved that.


Okay, so she's not gonna pause. Correct. So when will she be done? Hmm. She will have her associates in nursing next December. That's when she'll be able to get a job. Okay. December of 25. That Helps. So in December, George, she's gonna be, what would you think her starting salary's gonna be? Do you guys know? Does she know? We're guesstimating somewhere around 70 to 75,000. Okay. So in the not too distant future, looking at 150 plus combined income And in the near future it's closer to a hundred. So if I'm you guys, as soon as you're married, let's combine finances and let's see if we can knock out this debt and then save up before baby's here.


Is that possible? Yeah. How much money do you have Saved? Yeah, Currently about 3000. I'm looking at selling my truck, so I'll hopefully have around 12. Do you have debt on the truck? Nope. Okay. What are you gonna drive instead? You have another car? I have a, Yeah, I have a car with no debt on it as well. Oh, great. Good for you. That's nice. That feels good. so what do you think your chances are getting out of these leases? Or one of 'em? You just need to get outta one. Basically George And I are saying if you can get outta one lease, you guys just have a, have an apartment and get started with that. There's no need to rush on a house that's gonna give you so many more options.


What do you think your chances Are? I'm really not sure what the chances are. I was gonna try to have a meeting with the owner of my place and see if We could work. These are totally different apartments. Not the same. Yeah. Okay. What do you know about that, George? I mean, I've rented many apartments in my day and what I've found is if you're, if you're kind and you work with someone who's actually capable of making a decision over there, probably not gonna be the, the person doing the leases, probably someone above them. They're usually willing to work with you in some capacity. Even if it's, Hey, I know the, it's gonna cost X, y, Z to break a lease, would you be willing to, if I replace myself, would you be willing to waive the fee? Something like that. And so just work with them and then if, if they, you know, say kick rocks and pound sand, go work with hers and say, would you be willing to work with us?


We've got a baby on the way we're getting married. This was, we, we could not plan for all of this life change happening and we need to get out of this lease. That's what I would do if I was you With this, Ryan? Yep. Okay. Do you have questions about that? Are you just processing what's going on over there? Well, I'm, I'm wondering if, so Here, here's, you don't have money to buy a house, so let's just, let's Put it out, shelf out. Put it out of your, out of your conscience. No house So. I'm wondering if neither of our places are exactly optimal for having a baby in them. Why? Why you guys Having a baby isn't optimal.


So optimals out the window. Gotta Figure into this. What do you mean? Why can't a baby live in an apartment? Why Aren't they optimal? Well, no, no, no. Not that an apartment isn't optimal. Just our specifically. Why, Why Bedroom wise? What Do you mean? How many Bedrooms? Animal having, well, I have two bedrooms, but we have two dogs as well. The dogs could freaking sleep on the couch in the living room. Baby sleeps in the other bedroom. Are you outta your mind? You are gonna put the dogs in the bedroom? No, not the dogs in the bedroom. I just figured the square footage would be a little small for all that. so What The baby's tiny So. I wondered if maybe getting a bigger apartment, like we get out a one week bigger apartment For Okay.


As the dad of a 1-year-old. Lemme tell you, the baby sleeps in a little bassinet next to your bed. Yeah. For the first like six months. Yeah. So you don't need a nursery. Ryan, we're not trying to be unkind. I'm sorry. I'm, I'm 50 and I've been through all this. Ken's a curmudgeon. I have no patience for this kind of thinking. It's not you, it's me. But here, here's the deal, Ryan. You don't need something bigger. You just need a basic apartment. It's a little teeny tiny baby. You could bevy in that apartment for two or three years. Even with the dogs, we're trying to save you money And maybe down the line you talk to the apartment and say, Hey, is there a two bedroom available that's in our budget and can we upgrade to that with no fees?


Mm. So this is where we get creative, but the conclusion is not, well we gotta go buy a house even though we're broke. That's not the solution. We gotta make sure we have money stacked so that baby and mom are home safe. Then we can push play on the baby steps, knock out the rest of the debt, get the emergency fund. And. I. Think you can do all that. Making a hundred grand with very little debt. Let's knock it out and get some savings ready. Can I tell You why I'm so, so ornery about this? Tell me. My mom and dad told me recently that they, when when I was born, we lived in a one bedroom 900 square foot apartment That's Right. Over a pharmacy. And Look at Ken. Exactly. You're an uphill both ways kind of guy. I like that about you. Just say It Oh. my gosh.


This is The Ramsey Show. One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and riders and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time.


Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant online quotes. Listen tickets for the live like no one else, cruisers Selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests.


A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. This is The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win in your work, and win with your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman George. Kamel joins me. The phone number is eight eight eight two five five two two five. The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. If you're in default with private student loans, you need to contact Why Refi. Now, obviously we don't encourage letting your loans get into default. We teach responsibility, but these amounts have some of you struggling and this is a way forward.


Why Refi was created for people in your situation. So go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's YREF y.com/ramsey may not be available in all states. Today's question comes from Rachel in Iowa. I'm a newly single mom. After 15 years of marriage to a cheating alcoholic, is it worth going $25,000 into debt to get a master's in accounting in order to have a career? For the last 10 years, I've worked small jobs only for extra cash. So, I, never had a career. I'm in my early forties and my kids are both under 12. I want time with them. And. I want financial security. I'm tired of working outside the home and having my parents raise my kids while we live paycheck to paycheck.


As an accountant, I think I could build a career out of my own home. Is this worth pursuing? I am going to say, not now. Down the road. Maybe this is one where going back and forth with someone on the phone, George would be helpful to kind of see, alright, give us the the projected income. Where do you think this is going? She knows her industry better than I do, but at this point, if what she's looking for and there's a heavy dose of, I'm tired of working outside the home, I want my kids around. I think in today's world, she could really build a nice bookkeeping business and a bookkeeping business. With her accounting skills is just one idea to where she could start it on the side, keep her day job, get her bookkeeping business going, and if she can get it to the point where the bookkeeping business is paying her, what she's making in her day job, then and only then does she move over.


And then she can work from home. She can work from anywhere doing bookkeeping for small businesses, small, medium sized businesses, some specialty, you know, boutique accounting needs. If she's got some kind of niche ideas and way she can help, that would be the direction I would re recommend to her based on what she has submitted in this question. Absolutely. And so she doesn't need the masters in accounting to provide that service. And the other piece of this, is it worth going $25,000 into debt? Absolutely Not. Don't do that. And only do it when you can cash flow it. And that might mean taking Ken's advice and putting money aside every single month. And that might mean, hey, you know, two grand a month for 12 months, I'll be able to cash flow it or a grand a month for two years.


Now I'm able to cash flow it. And so we need to get the income up in the meantime, but don't shortcut it right now. Yeah, I absolutely agree with that. Alright. Do my eyes deceive me, George? Or is Chris calling in from Brisbane? Or is Brisbane? Brisbane, Australia. We'll see that's how you're supposed to say. Well, going international. Chris. Ozzy. Ozzy. Ozzy. How are you going? Good, how are you? Did I say that right? Is it Brisbane or Brisbane? Brisbane, I think. Yeah, about an hour out of Brisbane. So an hour into the out west. Away from the coast of Brisbane. Yeah. Alright. Love this all very good. I love it. I can hear you read children's stories to me. It would be fantastic. How can we help you?


Hey, I was just wondering if you got any advice for me. I'm self-employed. I'm just, I'm very driven by goals and dreams and I'm just, I've tackled my first goal. And, I'm, I'm struggling on my second one. What Was your first Goal? In my first goal, so I'm in business, I, my first goal was to make a thousand dollars a day of turnover of the company and then to make a thousand dollars a profit and then a thousand dollars a wage per day. I hit all them targets. That goal was set in 2011. Fantastic. Whoa. You've been at this a long time sitting here. Just, yeah, I've been sitting in a dormant, not really knowing what to do, and I've set a new goal here a month ago it hit a million dollars as a million dollars paid to me for the year.


Okay. What did you, And I. I, I'm struggling. You're struggling to keep a dream alive here. Okay. Tell me, tell me, what do you mean by I'm struggling? Yeah. My problem is, again, is like I I, I've got an electrical business, so I'm a tradesman a contractor, and where I need about 482,000 a year. Now from that, my, I've got a claim with farms, with property or ranches or whatever you'd call it. And I, I've got money there, but I can't touch any money like this.


I'm making about 497 a year in, in property going up So, I, keep developing them, but I've just got no money. Like we're all making all this money, but I've, I've got no money. Where is it going? How would you even spend that much? We've, we've got a lot of debt. So I've got, I've currently got a million dollars in debt in property and I've got off my head around about $400,000 in debt in machinery. I, I've just started with your, I love baby steps. And, I. I've, I've, I plan to be there debt free in 6.6 years as the current steps here.


But yeah, I'm just, I'm wondering do I need to change my dream there and or do I just go get a job, make my life a little less stressful? No, You're doing great on the income side. You're, you're making good money. You just made some decisions along the way that eventually caught up to you. Alright, let Me, let me jump in really fast here. George will walk you through the debt thing. Yeah, but I, I want jump in a little bit on this equipment thing. So the equipment is what you use for your electrician business. Oh yeah. So if I were to sell everything in electrical, I would walk away with 500,000. So I'm not, I'm not upside down in anything. Right. So let me ask a Question. 500,000 in asset on electrical. So could you, but could you rent the same equipment and build that into the cost of your jobs?


Not really, no. I, I, we finance, so our cars, we are running, our cars are finance there and we'd write down like most of these electrical or I'll be in baby step two, like as in machinery. I'm 18 months off being debt free. And then it's tackling, tackling property after that. Okay. I, I'm not sure you answered my question. Sorry. Yeah, it's Okay. So this equipment that you have, which you're into debt for Yeah. And you could sell it. Yeah. So my biggest, the big, like I'm So I. I, if I could just quickly run you path there, like I've got a few, you'd call it pickups one, I only owe five grand on it.


Another seven, another one at 40, another one at 50. Oh, so these are cars that you're using for the business Yeah. And trucks. And so one the big one's for sale right now and hopefully that will ease up a bit of pressure here. Yeah. So that's a $70,000 sale that we're trying to sell at the moment. And that will get rid of the 50,000 loan. My wife's SUV, she, it's finances. 60 grand. It's worth 150. 155,000. Woo. This is, You're spending like the American Congress man. There's nothing wrong with your dream. You know, this is nothing wrong with your dream.


You just have a discipline problem. And I would sell that property if I could make money on that property. Well, One of my pro my dream, my, like my exit plan immediately, if I had to one property, I owe 535,000 on it. And it's, it just had a valuation there last month at $2.22 million. Wow. So I could sell that. I've owned it for four years. I paid 550 grand. Yeah, But George, why? What's gonna change if he sells that property, if he doesn't change his discipline? Oh, well that's where I'm guilty, Ken. I'll, I'll give you a confession of my plan was there, sell that property, buy another property. Oh boy. And so I've got another farm here just settling here in 30 days.


It's, I bought it for 700 grand. So I'm hoping sell that. Buy the next one. You know What your problem is? And I should be coming out around debt free. You're So focused on dreams that you create nightmares for yourself. All of this is all you. It's all you. It is, By the way, it's all easily unrapable, isn't it, George? He's got you got 40 seconds. Give him a locker room talk. Chris, I, I think you need to change your goal from making a million. Let's say I'm gonna be debt free a year from now. And that might mean making a million, it might mean selling property, it might mean selling all this crap. And then you're gonna restart and go, now I'm gonna restart debt free. I'm gonna move at the speed of cash only by property when I have the cash to do it in full. Only by the truck when I have the cash to do it in full.


You're really good at making money. The problem is you're even better at spending it. And, I. Think both. We can get under control. My friend Well said. You need a whistle and a hat. Just love Chris. That was, that was Exciting. More Australian callers. Please call us guys. Yeah, Wasn't that great. So lovely man. I wish I had that accent. You'd be more likable, that's for sure. Is that right? Yeah. Alright, I'll work on it. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. Emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't bandaids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin, and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door. And use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one. And you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Use the promo code Ramsey.


Hey, It's Rachel Cruz. And I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here. With all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman George. Kamel is is alongside and we are here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Wanna help you win with your money, winning your work and win with your relationships? I'll bet you didn't know something, George. I bet you didn't know what I'm about to tell you. Hit me. Do you know who billionaire Howard Hughes is? Are you not old enough? I don't know all the billionaires. Okay. Howard Hughes, one of three, the top centric billionaires of all time. Interestingly enough, Leonardo DiCaprio played him maybe one of the best acting jobs Leo Ho has ever done. But he was known as one of the richest men in the world. And when he died in April of 1976, would you believe, George, that he died without a will? I cannot imagine a billionaire, one of the richest men in the world dies without a will. Now here's what happened. Yikes. Over 600 people came forward claiming to have an interest in the fortune. In the end, a judge decided the $2.5 billion fortune would be split between 22 of Hughes legal cousins. What I wouldn't give to be one hughes's cousins. Yeah. And this happened in 1983. So it drug out that long. Here's the point. 'cause you, I know you're wondering where in the world are you going with this? Ken, don't be Howard Hughes. Don't let the government decide. Don't let a judge decide where your, where your inheritance goes, when you can leave it to the people and do it with order. We want to challenge you to create your will in the month of August. It takes less than five minutes. You can find out online, find out how to do the will online at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash wills quiz. Okay? And an online will could work for you. You may need something more complex. That's why we want you to just take this quick little quiz, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash wills quiz. And if in fact you can simply do it online, you can click the link in the description. If you're listening on YouTube or podcast, if you do find that the online will fit your situation, you can get 25% off when you use the promo code will month. One word will month at checkout during the month of August. So there you go. Get it done. Get it done. And for most people, for most an online will will it worked for me? It'll do the job. That's exactly where I got it done.


Alright, let's go to Detroit, Michigan. Where Anna awaits. Anna, how can we help? Hello? Hi. Hi. how are you guys? We're having a blast. What's going on with you? So? I. Just have a question about savings. Can you save too much And I. Guess what should we do with some of the extra money that my husband And I make? So we have a, like an 18 month emergency fund, which I know is probably overkill. Do You know something we don't? Is the apocalypse ni? Yeah, just tell us real. No, I just think we're, I don't know, afraid to spend money a little bit at least. Definitely I am.


And then, you know, we also have, we save for retirement, we have no debt and then we have like another like $65,000 that's not the emergency fund. And that just keeps, keeps accumulating money every month. I guess I'm not sure like what we should do. You know, we have kind of some dreams of maybe finishing our basement or I would put the money to work. But I think savings is a great spot for your emergency fund. But anything above and beyond that, either invest it in the market so that you're beating inflation or put it to your next goal, your next project. Something that excites you. Spend a little bit, you know, there's only a few things you can do with money.


Spend it, save it or give it And I. Think right now you're really good at saving it and you're not great at spending it. And I assume you're probably not great at giving it. Yeah, that could use some work too. And so that's where the budget, we Have family and friends out. But Do you guys do a budget right now? Yeah, we do. We do the EveryDollar EveryDollar budget every month. Good. What's driving this fear? I don't really know. I mean, we kind of both my husband And I grew up, you know, more so my husband, we grew up with no money. Like no presents on Christmas and things like that. So I. Don't know if it, That's It. Somehow that It comes from there. Do a scarcity mindset. Being afraid. Would you never actually faced that? And it's just, you know, we're just, so, I'm a stay at home mom.


I left my job to be a mom. So, I. Think that's also a fear of mine is that, you know, we only have one income. Have you two since you've been married, ever done anything? Mind-numbingly stupid with money? No. Have you gotten anywhere within about a mile of mind-Numbingly stupid? No. What do you think the chances are that you and your husband are gonna do something? Mind numbingly stupid with money? Zero. Okay. Maybe we should start to act like it. What was that? Start acting like it start acting like you're not a moron with money. 'cause you're not.


And you're never gonna do anything moronic at all. so what I was trying to do is have a little bit of fun to help you see how your fear is irrational. That if you're gonna spend some, it's not going to spin you outta control. Right? So And I guess like how much do you know? I mean, besides like the emergency fund then you talked about I think having six months in emergency fund is great. Anything above and beyond that I don't think you need, unless you have an immediate goal, let's say a one year goal ahead of you where you want, you know, you wanna renovate the basement, let's set aside 50 grand for that and let's get it done. Let's get some bids, let's jump on it. Otherwise, if it's a three or four or five plus year goal, I would be investing that in the market. Either in retirement or on a non-retirement account.


Okay. But Anna, you're familiar with our baby steps, aren't you? Yep. Okay. so what do we tell you? Three to six months in baby? Step three then baby step four. Which by the way, you're well beyond that. George just laid that out. Baby. Step four is what? 15%. 15%. It's Been so long. Yeah. How much, how much are you investing right now as a household? What's the percentage? It's like 24% towards retirement accounts. My husband just changed jobs, actually. That is something I guess we did. He was at a more stressful job, higher paying job. And we just pre transitioned to be home more. It was a pay cut, but, But that's the kind of freedom 24 you can buy when you follow the plan. Are you, do you guys have a mortgage or do you pay a pay that off?


Yeah, we paid that off three years ago. Amazing. Yeah. So you're doing all the right things. You're doing everything. I think we need to, we need to hit the accelerator on some fun and some giving. Yeah. Yeah. Which by the way is really fun. Okay. So that, this is what I would do. I would, as a tactical exercise, you and your husband sit down with the EveryDollar budget and you're going to increase Anna's fund money and he's gonna increase his fund money. We're gonna set a goal to go on a vacation. That would've hurt to go on a while ago. 'cause you're like $10,000 for a vacation. We don't need that. You're right. But you guys have worked so hard that you've actually earned it. Yeah. Okay. And Then on the giving side, I agree it's let's, there's probably not a lot in the giving line item.


So let's add a spontaneous one. Hey, we see an opportunity. We're just gonna give, we're gonna fund the, the single mom to get her car fixed. We're gonna start giving to a nonprofit we're excited about. If you go to a local church, we're gonna start tithing. I think we need to just, we need to get that flat tire filled up. But I, I wanna dig here. Anna. Everything George said made total sense to you. And then you still said it's just finish that sentence. It's just what? I don't know. I'm not sure. I, I I guess my husband And I, we, you know, we talked about he has vacation pics coming up and I'm like, we need to go to a vacation and like we need to just go somewhere like to Florida. I don't know. Go somewhere warm in the winter and go on a vacation and then it's just, I don't know.


It just feels wrong to like take the money out of our account to to, to buy the vacation. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. Both of you do both of you when you start talking. So this conversation, let's go to Florida and, and have a great vacation. Does one of you start the whole, oh gosh, this feels so bad to pull the money out. Or is there both of you? No, I think my husband's, he's afraid of flying. And So I think that's when we have a, we have a year old baby that we just had. And So I think maybe that's where his hesitation comes from Because No, you just changed all me. No, he's the one that's like, go buy a new pair of shoes. You need new shoes, go do that. And I'm like, oh, but they can last So I. Think my husband. It's Both of you. No, it's both of you. And by the way, you didn't even answer the question. 'cause I said, what's the deal?


And you went, well it's 'cause he doesn't like to fly. Well, you guys can drive. I I think you both are are, are in that mindset. You're just terrified to spend any money because you think that the big bad money monster is going to just come out of the sky and squash you. It's, it's, I think it's that crazy. Yeah. And, I, And, I. Say that with love to say you guys have got to baby step into it a little bit. It's almost like maybe you guys should just have the grandparents watch the baby one night and you go away for one night. And maybe it's not a five star hotel, but maybe a four. Yeah. Anna, you've done nothing wrong. You haven't stolen this money.


Don't feel bad using it. Money is just a tool. It is amoral. And if you're using it for anything other than a tool, you're doing it wrong. It is not a God to be worshiped. You're not trying to build a temple of dollars that you can pass down to your kids. Enjoy the money. That's all we're saying. And that's gonna take a while. It's gonna hurt. Learn how it's gonna hurt to write a few of those checks and then you'll get used to it and that will start to unlock some things. Does anybody write checks anymore? I do. Feels good. Do you really feel old school? Old timey? I wanna see you write a check. I need to see that to believe it. This is The. Ramsey Show.


Hey, it's Dr. John Delony. Look, when you're stressed about money, it makes everything feel out of control. You run around like a maniac trying to make sure everything's covered. Everybody's okay. I've been there. It's the worst. But you can flip the script with an EveryDollar budget. It helps you track spending and expenses in real time. So you always know what's happening with your money. Talk about a weight lifted off your shoulders. Start feeling in control of your money. Again. Download the EveryDollar app today for free.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell joins me. We're so excited that you are with us and we're gonna get right back to the phone. It's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Tracy is joining us now near Wichita, Kansas. Tracy, how can we help? Yeah, I was just curious if you recommend financing my business for growth potential, probably nothing that I've Taken. What do you think we're gonna say? I would say no. Yeah. Tell us about the business. It's personal training business. I've been in it for 14 years. I'm debt free and I've applied everything that you guys have spoken of and I've applied that to my personal business.


Great. But if I continue at my rate, I cannot save enough at my current savings rate in order to do what I wanted to do in business, Which is what? Until It's time to retire, I get into sports science and provide a broader service to the community. C And so the financing would be for what building and equipment? The Finance financing to start with would be a market analysis to identify the growth potential and to identify the plan to go forward. How much, If that half, that'd be $10,000. I would never 10 a million million years finance $10,000 to grow any business.


'cause if you can't scrape that together, you shouldn't even be thinking about it. Well, I can scrape it together, but I don't know if I should take that leap Then. You probably shouldn't be considering doing this thing because it's like if I'm not willing to put my money into the $10,000 study, I probably shouldn't borrow someone else's money to do it. There's your ultimate litmus test. I mean that's the smell test right there. Okay. If it's too risky to use your own money, it's way too risky to use someone else's. That's the SparkNotes George way to come in and clean up my, I come in And, I, just lay out a tweet to help him Out. Thank you very much. So Tracy, is there another way to do this?


Is there a cheaper way? Yeah, well my, my concern is, once again I get the marketing plan analysis done and it's gonna come back and say you're gonna need 50,000 more dollars. And, I'm confused why you need this analysis. I wanted to make sure that it's gonna work before I jump into the But What can't you do that they can't? That they, they can, whoever they is that you're gonna give this money to. Yeah, it'd be a marketing group and it's the, Who's selling this to you? How'd you hear about this? It just feels fishy to me. There, there's a marketing group and he came and they talked with us and he says, if you don't do anything else, he recommends doing the marketing plan.


Of Course he does. Here's the deal. There's nothing out there that they're gonna tell you that you couldn't find. I agree through a YouTube, through a one-on-one coach, a mentor in business that you could even pay an hourly fee to. But I think truthfully, you can figure this out on your own and try out the marketing on your own and see what works for your specific business without dropping 10 grand. I'm gonna add to what George said. Tracy, if I'm you, I would start finding out who's doing what you want to do. And if you gimme the, oh well nobody's doing it exactly that way. I'll go, okay, get then go find some people who are doing something similar. And you know what I would do at the 10 grand? I, I'd spend a fraction of that. I'd go find somebody and I'm making this up. But let's say somebody's doing something similar to what you wanna do.


You know what I'd do? I'd say, Hey, what's a day of your time worth? What's it worth? And if they say 1500 bucks, go, I'm gonna give you 1500 bucks And, I'm gonna fly to you. And if you don't have a board room, I'm gonna find a local hotel that's got one And I and we're gonna get in that room for eight hours and I'm gonna learn everything I can learn from you. To me, that's what George is talking about. And to me that's the kind of knowledge. I don't want some marketing group who's never spent a second, a second actually operating the business that you wanna operate. Tell me anything about the market analysis. They don't know what they're doing. Right. Can I give you a, a $10,000 crash course that you could get for 20 bucks today, Tracy?


What's that? Two books. number one is steal Like an Artist from Austin Cleon. Like what Ken was saying, go look what other people are doing and make it your own. The other book is Marketing Made Simple from Donald Miller. Those two books alone should get you very far. If you go apply it, try it. You're Gonna have a little failure on the way. But if you do it with cash and you're testing it all out, you're not gonna fall flat on your face. Okay? But even then, and those are great books, but even then those books are only helpful to the sense that you understand what it is you're trying to pull off. I am telling you, Citi, I'd pay a couple of business owners to, to sit with you and download the good, the bad, the ugly, what they did right, what they did wrong.


That to me it's a fraction of the cost. I, I think that's, if I was in your business, that's what I'd Wanna know. Okay. Appreciate guys' time. Thank you. Yeah, you bet. Thanks for the call. I, I'm really glad he called. I'm gonna him $10,000. I've done my good deed for but you snoop that out quick and he literally said to you, he goes, yeah, this marketing company came by and told me at a minimum do some market analysis. Because here's the deal. They spend that so that the market analysis makes you go, well that's just hard of doing business. And I. And they go, we could help you for an extra 50 grand. We can implement this our for you ourselves. Yeah. That's how these companies work. I'm not saying they're a scam. No, but his gut, by the way, is the ultimate answer to that.


He was like, I don't know if it's worth 10 grand. So, oh, let me go finance it. Well, no, don't, doesn't work out. Guess what? You still owe the money even if you've got no progress in the business. That's the scary part. Alright, let's get to Dennis now in the Orlando, Florida area. Dennis, how can we help? Hi guys. Thank you so much for taking my call. I appreciate what we guys do. Thank You. What's what, what's up? I wanted to talk about taxes there. My, so I've been paying, putting money into my 401k based on my tax repair that I've had for a couple years there. He mentioned doing a max amount on your 401k despite me being in debt there. But he mentioned, because I'm just learning more and more about the guys there.


He mentioned putting in as much maxing out a 401k, you and my, me and my wife there so that our taxes are lower in April of next year. So we don't have to pay as much in taxes there. So basically to lower the amount that can be taxed there, And, I was, and unfortunately he did pass away about a month ago. So I'm looking into a new taxpayer fair and I'm checking to see if that is still the right move, even though I, I'm just learning about you guys there. So I'm learning about not in debt and not putting stuff into 401k until much later on in these steps that you guys have there. Because right now I'm in baby, I think two 'cause I'm paying off a lot of debt there. And, I. Wanted to see what you guys thought about that maxing out in your 401k to lower your taxes that you have to pay for next year.


April. I would not do that. Spending 10 grand to save two grand is not good math. And so while it's great that you can, when you, when you contribute to a traditional 401k, there are tax deductions when you do it in a Roth, you've already paid the taxes. You don't get any benefit there, but you've already paid the taxes. So that's nice. But you're in baby step two. Okay? You're trying to pay off debt. I would pause all investing until you've knocked out the debt. 'cause truthfully, you don't have money to invest right now. And that's what I'm thinking there because I mean, I haven't, I just learned about you guys there. So I've been with my tax prepar for years until they passed away like couple months ago. So I'm just like, wow, I'm considered broke. I didn't even realize it there. And, I, I And, I.


You know, I'm a position that I'm like, whoa, I, I didn't realize I'm considered pro. Well, Think about the job of a tax pro is to help you save money on your taxes, right? Yes. And that's great for that. But they also are advising you to do things that involve your personal finances, investing, all kinds of things that could lead you down a different path. And, I. Think right now you need to go down the path of debt freedom, get the emergency fund and begin investing. And if you wanna reach out to a, a new tax pro, so sorry that yours passed away. Sounded like a a, a great person. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com Yeah. Slash tax and we can get you connected with a Ramsey trusted vetted tax pro in your area who can help. Yeah. Wow. That's sad.


But a lot of people out there that can help. Thank you for the call, Dennis. Great advice there on that. George, very succinct, why spend 10 to save two? It's never do something for the, you know, I'm gonna get a tax with savings. Don't do that. That's Bad. I, I've never understood that. And a lot of tax people are telling people, oh, go spend more money. Wait, how about save it? I'd rather have more money and pay taxes on it than spend money that I don't really need Or don't have in This case or in this case. Yeah.


Hey, for those of you that are watching on YouTube or listening via your favorite podcast app, the show is about to end. But we got more calls coming up in The Ramsey Network mobile app. It's new to all of you who may not have heard about it. The Ramsey Network app is the only place to finish the full episodes of The Ramsey Show. If you're listening on radio that doesn't apply to you, we'll be back after a quick commercial break. Remember two ways to get the app. Click on the link in the show notes or search Ramsey Network in the app store or on Google Play. You don't wanna miss what's coming up. I'm looking at the board. Couple of doozies, woo woo. I'm gonna have to warm up, maybe have to stretch a little bit, Some lunges. So head on over to the Ramsey app. Good hour, George. We'll be right back before you know it, this is The Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad a bing bad a boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.