
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author, PhD in counseling and host of the very popular Ramsey Network Show The Dr. John Delony Show. He's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Christie's in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Hi Christie. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. What's up? Hi Dave. How are you? Doing Better than I deserve. How are you? I am hanging in there, holding on to God promises.


Hear you. My husband, We have six children together. We've been married for almost 20 years and he wants to file for a divorce this summer. I've been a stay-at-home mom for 14 years. I've had a little bit of part-time income, what works with our kids' schedule, but essentially everything's valued under him, so to speak. Just trying to figure out how to financially prepare myself for everything coming ahead. Holy moly. Yeah. What happened, Christie? Honestly, I really don't know. Back in 2010 when we had our third child, we actually used to teach FPU and paid off all our debt things were going really well, had three more kids.


And then in 2020, my husband, when we reffind Anter house, confessed to me that he had been using credit cards and drove up some debt. So we took out a little extra money on our home loan to pay off those. He promised me he was going to cancel all those and they were going to be done. And then earlier this year I found out again he had driven up almost $60,000 in credit card debt. So we took out a second mortgage against the house to pay for all that because as you can imagine, all the credit card fees was hundreds and hundreds to a thousand dollars a month, not to mention its balances. And then he kind of, things went downhill really quickly after that. So yeah, it's been a very difficult year.


Our oldest started college this year. We've got kids from 18 all the way down to four years old. Oh gosh. The 4-year-old is in my preschool class. Currently I'm a preschool teacher to try to make money because I can have my son with me. Geez. So yeah, life's a little chaos. I just want to try to be prepared. I just found out that he hasn't been paying my life insurance, so I'm gonna need to get a new life insurance policy as well. Just kind of everything's up on end when you say He's I trust filing. I appreciate your advice. Well, I appreciate that. When, when you say he's filing for divorce this summer, is is he still living with y'all? Yeah. So yeah, you don't get to make that like, that's like pulling a pin on a grenade and rolling it in the living room and saying that's gonna blow up sometime.


Like you don't get to do that. Like, because, because you, you're you're, you're dead man walking. There's gonna be a cancer in your house. So he's Not saying you don't get to do it. He's saying your husband. Yeah, he didn't Get do that. If you're divorcing me, then you're out. And that I pulled out of our marriage back in the fall and stuff and I wasn't allowed to talk to him anymore. And he quit sleeping in our room and started hiding in other parts of the house. And I'm not allowed to know where he is at and we don't communicate about the kids. It's gotten really ugly. Yeah. He's not allowed to live there anymore. Yeah, he's out Because now he's, now he's a man who has said, I don't wanna be in a relationship with you anymore spiritually, romantically, or legally. And now if your Spirit leaves, you should take your body with him.


Yeah. Now he's a man that is causing havoc in the lives of your kids and, and with you, you can't have your cake and eat it too on this one. Yeah. I don't know what to do about it though. So have you contacted an attorney yet? I'm meeting with one on Monday. Good to figure out what some of my legal rights are. Good For you. And what does your husband, what does your husband make a year? He makes, I think it was one 17 on our last tax return. Okay. So your, your legal rights in most states with six children and a 20 year marriage are, he's not gonna have much of that one 17 left by the time he finishes with alimony and child support, it's almost all gonna Go to you and the kids.


What if he pushes I was a 50? No, that's the law honey. It's not, he didn't get to push. Okay. His opinion doesn't matter. Dave, tell me if I'm wrong. I think 50 50 was, is about assets. 50 50 is assets, but it's not, I'm not talking about his in, I'm talking about his income. The amount that a judge in most states will give you on a 20 year marriage, marriage on alimony plus six children worth of child support it percentage wise is gonna take those two things together are gonna take up a lot of that one 17. And it's gonna Go to you to take care of the kids. So you're not gonna have to take care of the kids and feed them and pay the house payment on a part-time daycare salary month.


And you can get your life and you can get your life insurance month. And by the way, you can, he can go ahead and start paying that now when he moves out next week after you meet with your lawyer, your lawyer can explain to him that that's what his stuff is gonna be. And so he can start paying that. Now, in most states, the judge will, judge will require that I'm not an attorney and I have no idea how you do things in South Dakota, but in most states that's a general law the way things flow. Okay. And so I'm always amazed that guys think they're going to just walk away and take, take all of their income and they have six kids left back there. Well, they imagine And it's like, it's like I'm gonna, I I'll be sure and send you $5, honey.


Well, Christie, I want you to ask your attorney this one important multiple questions, whatever you have, but make sure you ask this question. I'm hearing this happen more and more and more where somebody says, I want to divorce you, but depending on what state you're in, whoever files, quote unquote looks like the bad guy. So I, I'm wondering here if he's trying to force you into filing, 'cause he thinks somehow that's gonna ha help him financially on the back end, we can Go to a judge and be like, I don't know man. She just, she just filed on me. And here, just pour on me. So ask your attorney if it matters, who files the paperwork? It, in most states regarding child support and alimony, doesn't matter.


It won't matter. Good. It won't matter. Now on some other things that we're arguing about, maybe. Okay. It might, a judge might step in and have some leeway, but it's a matter of law. It's not a matter of the judge's whimsical decision. Sure. But Dave, I'm, I cannot tell you how often I'm hearing this now where somebody doesn't want to, they, they, they out want out of the marriage and Most of the time they don't want to be the bad guy spiritually before God. I'm not the one that filed, although I caused the thing, I caused the thing I left you. I just, I caused chaos in your house and finances. But I abandoned you with six children. Yeah. What a, after running up credit cards three different times, deceptively, this guy's a real treat.


Yeah. And you, you dude, you just said it. It's so important. People think when they, like they're in a tough spot in their marriage. Everybody gets in those moments or there's a bunch of kids running around, you're exhausted, works crazy, the the government's mill, all this stuff. And you think if I could just extract myself from this situation and plant myself somewhere else, ah also would go away. I wanna get a divorce. And Dave, you called it out. It's important to note. That's just not how divorce works. When you extract yourself and you just plant yourself somebo somewhere else, man, it comes with so many other strings and payments and connections and there's juggling kids schedules And all so things, all this stuff.


So things that the law is gonna dictate to even without Christie wanting it. Yeah. The law's still gonna make him do certain things in most states. Again, not an expert. I'm not an attorney and I don't practice law in South Dakota. You need to talk to somebody that does on Monday and then you need to start taking a position of strength on this. This guy is playing weird stuff going on here. Yeah. Yeah. It's sad. I'm so sorry you're facing that. I just swear Christy,


Let's be honest, shopping for health insurance can be confusing with high costs, complicated terms and customer service that doesn't really serve you. Most folks just pick a plan and hope for the best. See, insurance companies don't work for you. They work for themselves. Meaning they love it when you overpay. So you need a guide on your team to help you make the best choices. Health Trust, Financial works for you. They're not salespeople. They help you find the health insurance option that makes sense and saves you money. The fact is health insurance is one of the biggest expenses in your budget. But most people who work with Health Trust Financial end up saving $500 a month. Imagine putting that kind of money toward the baby steps. My team has worked with them for over 20 years and they've served thousands of people just like you. They're the only health insurance broker that's RAMSEY trusted to help you. So stop throwing money away and get the health insurance that's right for you at Health Trust Financial dot com. That's Health Trust Financial dot com.


Dr. John Delony RAMSEY personality is my co-host. Suzanne is in Denver. Hey Suzanne, how are you? I can't believe I'm talking to you Dave. I'm great. How are you? Better Than I deserve. What's up in your world? Oh, my kids have been saying that since they were tiny, which is what I'm calling about. So I live in Denver and with my husband and our two daughters, our younger daughter, Mary, who always used to say better than you, she got it wrong. I'd say, what does Dave say? But anyway, she's 19 right now. Three years ago she was in a catastrophic car accident and she's okay, but she's got on ongoing lifelong things.


The settle, I just got a check. So she's 19 years old. She has $650,000 of which is literally sitting in a height in a, it was sitting in a 0.01% saving her savings account. And until I knew what to do, I at least got it into without commitment or anything, a 4% for six months high yield savings. But my question is she's, she has, the only debt she has is the one year of school. She just decided to take a gap year for next year because medically and the appointments are too much. So I dunno if she's gonna go back.


But we do have a student, a student loan, but if she doesn't it's gonna kick in in six months probably. But the question is, we live in a really great area for rentals and she is interested in real estate, which is what she's during her gap year this year she's actually gonna be taking some classes and interior design and all that. But an opportunity came up that I wanted to get your thoughts on because the rental market here is really strong and solid and we might have an opportunity, I don't know what to do with the 650,000. I would not buy a rental property for a 19-year-old that has diminished capacity due to a car wreck that gave her 650 grand.


No, I would not. Okay. She Doesn't, she doesn't need the drama that tenants represent and that a leaking roof represents, and the heating and air going out represents managing property is a pain in the juncus. Okay. So I I, okay. I would, I looked into it a tad bit, so I'll take your advice and not go further on that. The only thing I was thinking is with the management company and all that, I think it could, based on what I've seen after pro after fees and stuff again and talking to a real estate friend of mine who would be doing this with us, it looks like the profit, if we were doing that, and I'm not saying it says like we shouldn't, but my mindset in calling in like her prof, I'm sorry.


Okay. Is she of such diminished capacity that you're now her power of attorney? No, no. No. Oh, So there's not a we it's a her, Correct. Because you're, it's not your decision. It's her decision. Correct. Okay. We're close in talking about it, but it's zero to do with me. We've already taken back. It's got a lot to do with you in this conversation. You're the one driving this truck. Well, because I wanted to ask if what she could make. No, I mean, you went out and found a rental property. You went out and found a management company. You went out and wanted to invest in real estate. You're the one that thinks the rental estate market is rental market is, I'm, I'm not hearing any of this from the 19-year-old.


Okay. That's what I mean. All Right. So let's just take that all off. I'd love your thoughts on what to do Because I would sit down, I would sit down with a smart vestor pro and I would park this money and not touch it and let her go make a living and or finish school. And if you want, if she wants to pull enough out of it out to pay off her student loans and finish school with, that'd be a good investment. But she just needs to be really conservative and finish emotionally and physically healing. You said she's having ongoing issue. What is the ongoing issue from the wreck? So when she had the car accident, her retina was detached. She makes four months of school. She's had seven surgeries. And part of the ongoing and why it took so long to settle was because we weren't sure what was coming.


Now We have a good sense of, I mean she's got probably, she's on our insurance right now 'cause she's 19. But like our portion up until now, it's, it's probably, it's $6,000 every year just for these quarterly portion of her Botox shots for her migraines and all of her, she's got neck issues and she's had several surgeries, but she's going to be able to work. But I set aside what I, okay. What I know that we've had. And I just was like, well she's don't, She's, she's, it's not gonna keep her from working and, and correct and prospering, but it is going to cost some money in ongoing medical for at least a while.


Correct. And yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's fair. So I, yeah, I would just park that money with a smart vest pro in some good mutual funds where you're making more than high-yield savings. And I would make your life very, very uncom. Let her life be very uncomplicated. Dave, is there a, I I'm, I'm just trying to think if, if I'm got $650,000 in an account and I have a 19-year-old, the goal of that money and tell me if I'm out to lunch here, it's, it's not like 650 grand felt from the sky for me to invest and try to get a maximum ROI on it. I wanna do that. But the goal of that money is to make sure my kid is qua is, is, is at least a little bit directionally whole.


Right. That's the point of that money. Right? Yeah. So we take care of the medical bills, we clear the, but I wanna be extra conservative with that. 'cause the thought that the house burns down or some tenant trashes it and I need to come up with another 50,000 bucks to get it right. Like that seems to be the worst thing you could do with that money. I mean, you, you've got a destabilized situation with a very young person and that's not who needs to be a real estate investor. But I would rather make 4% or 6% conservatively over time and make sure this money never goes away then. Well I'm, I'm comfortable with some good mutual funds that have long track records. Okay. And just pull, 'cause let's say it makes 10% instead of four. Sure. That's you pull off 60,000 bucks.


Yeah. And the thing just sits there perpetually. Yeah. And that can let her go on to school, let her go on and start a real estate career, whatever it is she's gonna do. But, and That can be some massive money, which she's 40. But it's, it's the amount of stress that it, that it takes to make that money compared to managing rental properties almost zero. Right. And so I, and I love rental property, but it's the last thing you need to be doing, you know, in the middle of a stressful situation. Sure. Especially as 19-year-old. Old because it literally is the definition of stress being a landlord. I mean, it's like that's how you define stress being a landlord. And I don't care if you got a property manager or not. 'cause the property managers gonna call and tell you what the tenant was doing.


I mean, it's too late. I mean, you, you still gotta, you're the one absorbing the blows And you need to send us $350 'cause we sent somebody over there to repair something. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. And that, that probably could have gotten done for 200. Right. You know, that kind of stuff. Yeah. That's so, you know, property managers don't magically make real estate easy. That's not, that's not how it works. Even if they tell you that they do, and especially if they tell you that they do. Rio is in Tampa High Rio, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, how's it going? Better than I deserve, what's up? So I was thinking about trading in my car that I finance now to get a truck for work reasons and just like investing in myself, I guess it would lower my car payment and it would also lower, lower my car insurance.


But then I would lose all the equity that I already have paid in my car. So I just don't really know what to do right now. I'm sorry. What are you investing in with a truck? I don't understand. Like work re I've always been in like the construction. So I just started my LLCI wanna take my, my painting business more seriously. And I, I do sales and roofing, so it's like easier to have a truck 'cause I have the ladder and then I can take a ladder out and just kinda get up on the roof and stuff like that. So it's hard to do the, the things that I like to do. The the roofing company that you work for doesn't furnish a truck with a ladder for you to go do estimates?


No. How do you get on the roof? So I usually had my boss meet me or I, it took a commission based sales Drive. How much did you make last year doing that? I just, well I just started working with them. Yeah. You don't go buy a truck for somebody you to start going work for. No. Yeah. No, no, no, no. I get that a hundred percent. Yeah. No, no. I and, and I, I'm gonna sit right tight until you get to making some money, kiddo. Right now you're, you're just dreaming about stuff. Go make some money, go make some money, go work and make some money. And that'll solve a lot of these problems.


All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions? Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are nonprofit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, and I think We have found one that is incredible and that's fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus, anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So Go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY. Fairwinds Is federally insured by NCUA.


Ben is in Phoenix. Hey Ben, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, how's it going? Better than I deserve. What's up? Hey, so I have a question. I have a wedding coming up, kind of doubles as a vacation and it's for my brother and my whole family's gonna be there. And I have the means to kind of make the experience a little better by spending a couple extra bucks if I choose to. But I'm not sure if I should do that, if I should maybe do it on a budget or maximize this hopefully one time experience for my brother. I'm sorry, who, who's the wedding? You or your brother? My brother's getting married, but, and the whole family's gonna be there. It's kind of a destination thing and Oh, I see.


You know, the wedding's one day, but we're all gonna be there for probably about 10. I see. And so you, you're, you wanna pay for the family to do some stuff while you're at the destination. Yeah. And unfortunately my siblings aren't as, you know, financially responsible or savvy as me. So really, How much is this? How much is this gift going to cost you? Well, so that's the thing. I would probably spend an additional like thousand bucks to do the things that we were interested in doing. But that's, yeah, that's probably the most it would get up to. Are you in debt? No, I, I'm not in debt. Okay. How much money do you have In savings?


I got about 15 grand and then my Roth and 401k probably combined to be about 55, 60. And what do you make a year Base? I make 82 and then I can bonus up to 50% of that. Okay. So can you afford to set $1,000 in the middle of the floor and set it on fire? I, I can, I think the bigger issue for me is the re I kind of feel some resentment towards my siblings for not being able to participate as much as I can. Like they didn't Do anything to you. No, I know, I know, I know. Why do you, why do you feel resentful of them instead of thinking, dude, how cool is it that I've done pretty well and I get to just have a good time?


Yeah, I think it's because, Or lemme ask this, why are you keeping score? Yeah, that's, that's a good question. And I don't know if it's necessarily me keeping score as much as it is watching them live their lives and doing things that have led to them not being able to be involved financially in this situation. But Here's, here's the thing. Hold on, hold on. It's not like there's a really cool opportunity and somebody said, Hey, can everybody pitch in? And they said no, or they said, we don't have the money. Or Would you gimme some money? Would you gimme some money? They have, they don't even know you're doing this. You're, You're rolling in there and you're like, dude, I could do some awesome for everybody. How dare you not have the money to do the awesome thing that I wanna do for you?


Get what I'm saying? Yeah, totally. So lemme backtrack a little bit. Okay. The initial thing was the, the gift, the wedding gift. So my old brother was not gonna do a photographer and I said, that seems ridiculous. Like, why don't we band together as a family and we pitch in to purchase a photographer. You know, everyone kind of seemed on board. And then about a week ago, or two weeks ago when I went to go book a photographer pretty last minute, I know it sounded like everyone else kind of wasn't able to do that. So I decided just to do it anyways and told 'em if they could pitch in, great, but if not, it is what it is. But I, I I guess I shouldn't have said that necessarily if I didn't feel that way. Truthfully. Right. There you go. Yeah. But yeah, I know it's definitely a me problem, but I guess, I don't know.


I'm just trying to like help them get to a point where they can do these types of things and and That's, that's not for a wedding weekend, dude. Not in my opinion. My opinion for wedding weekend is to have a good time and laugh. And one of you guys has done great. I I know that's Dave, tell me if I'm wrong here, but No bro, you're not. You've won. You have the opportunity. Here's what you're gonna look forward to in 25 years. Are you gonna think back to this wedding and be like, man, I'm glad we all went on that fishing trip where we all did that thing. Or can't believe they didn't have $75 each to go on the like, man, just spend the money. Go have your good time with your family and friends. That's that's my thought on it. Yeah, you've got the money and that's, if that's what you wanna do with it, but don't do it if you're gonna hold a grudge.


Yeah. Or if you're doing it and it makes you feel superior. Yeah. Yeah. And both of those things are kind of coming out in the conversation. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. So you, you know, I'd put those things aside or I wouldn't do it one of the two and just say that's the way it's, it's just, you know, we, we just did the wedding. 'cause you're not like in charge of the wedding. It's not your wedding, it's your brother's. Yeah. And if he says, I don't want to, I don't want a photographer, or I can't afford a photographer, then until he says, Well he already bought the photographer, that's done. I know, but I'm, I'm, I'm, but before that, his brother said, Hey, we're not gonna get a photographer. And then he took it upon himself to say, Hey, that's dumb.


I'll buy it. And, or we'll all pitch in for it. But it's, it's, I'm coming to solve problems that people aren't asking me to solve and then I'm getting upset that I'm solving them. Right. Either be invited into this deal or just be really great gracious and giving and move on with your life, man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You got too many strings attached to your grand, your a thousand bucks. It's not, it's not that big a deal. So either let it go and let it go freely or just keep it and, and just keep your mouth shut and enjoy the wedding and Then do the teaching on, on finances later after the wedding. Brent is in Raleigh. Hey Brent, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, how's it Going? Better than I deserve. How can I help?


So I'm a full-time fireman. I'm 25 years old. I make about 60,000 a year. I've been contributing to my Roth for the past five years, fully funding. And I'm wanting to start a part-time business doing some small scale excavating residential homes and whatnot. And I'm looking to buy a piece of equipment and I wanna know is smart for me to buy, I have about $57,000 in cash in the bank right now. Get a used piece of equipment for around 35 to 40,000. Would it be smart for me to buy this equipment straight out with cash? Would it be smart for me to finance part of it so I can have some leftover in case of a equipment breakdown or truck breakdown?


And I'm just looking for some advice on that. Well, most of the firemen that I know and I've worked with over the years do very well on their side hustle and 'cause it's a wonderful schedule to be able to get, to be able to build side hustles in. But I think I'm hearing that you are, it sounds like, what, what is your experience with driving this piece of equipment? Have you done it before? I have ever since I've been about 16 years old. My uncle owns a, a large scale grading business. So I'm pretty familiar with operating equipment.


I've been doing it for quite a while. And what makes you think there's a market enough for you doing this part-time with this one dozer to make 35 grand back on a side hustle? That sounds awfully deep. So I'm, I'd be looking to get an excavator. My, some of my family does pool business and part of that would be digging pools for them on the side. A guy that I work with does septic tanks part-time. So part of the business will be from him kind of relying on both of them to get my foot in the door. Okay. If you got, if you got some of those things moving, some pools and some septic tanks to fatigue, what kind of money are you thinking you would make?


I'm thinking anywhere from 1500 to $2,000 a job maybe. And how many jobs are you gonna get a month? I'm, I'm shooting for maybe two to three a month. Starting out with, Yeah, so you break even in a year. So you work for free for the first year, right? Correct. I think there's better side hustles than working for free for a year. Is it possible to rent one and give it a shot and see how this first year plays out? Absolutely. Average rentals for a piece of equipment like that is about $1,500 a week where I'm at.


Yeah. Yeah. So I didn't that that, that does sound right. So here, here's the thing. I don't want to do a side hustle that I break even on in one year. If I'm gonna do a side hustle, I need to break even on it in two months. And so I'm not excited about investing $35,000 to make $35,000 the first year. I, I just, I that's not a good business model for you. I think you can use your effort doing something else. Now, I don't know if renting one is the answer. Probably not. Unless you lined up five jobs in a week and you know, you rent it for 1500 and you make 8,000 in a week or something. You could do that.


But yeah, no, I i, Brian, I would not do this, but I will tell you, I want you to continue to explore the idea of something you can do as a side hustle working for yourself without such a heavy investment. Because a lot of firefighters make another 60 grand a year doing that, not break even in a year.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your, your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And Oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, terribly. You're gonna have a crisis here and you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. Those are the two options. And term take care of your dad. Gum, family man Term life insurance can replace income, pay off dads cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying I love you to your family term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you are here. Big announcement. It's May and the RAMSEY cash giveaway is officially here. You can enter every day from May one through 31. One grand prize winner will get $5,000 and there's gonna be a $500 winner every week. Could be a game changer. 5K. Yeah, you could crush some debt with that. You could get your emergency fund going with that Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway And enter early and enter often no purchase necessary to win.


Question of the day is brought to you by Y Refi. Why refi, refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch and helps you get your life back. So kick your private student loan debt to the curb. Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY Might not be in all states.


My husband and I are on baby step four. This is from Lauren in Pennsylvania. Husband and I are on baby step four. We're in our thirties and We have two kids under five. We both worked overtime inside hustles to pay off debt and get our, our emergency fund in place. We work opposite schedules to avoid daycare fees. I love my husband for his work ethic, but we seldom see each other. And our children rarely see us together. We don't live paycheck to paycheck anymore and We have a budget that we stick to. I can't convince him that work isn't the only thing that matters or my feelings reasonable or should we grind it out and hope our marriage survives. Hmm. Baby. Step four. You move from intensity to intentionality and he has not done that.


Correct. He's still getting it like his, like his hair's on fire. Like he's scared to death. And so no, we would recommend that you normalize and create a sustainable work rhythm. And what you're saying is, is this is not sustainable. Right. And work rhythm by the way doesn't mean that there's not intense periods of long hours. You don't see each other very much. Somebody's picking up way more slack than somebody else. That's every, that's every job. It's every marriage, it's every life. But that you can't do that forever. Yeah. It's a rhythm. The tide comes in, the tide goes out. Yeah.


So like I put dishes away after a dinner party and cleaned up until almost midnight last night. But next week you and I will be gone all week. That's so she'll be on our own for that one. That's That's exactly Right. So, you know, that's, you see what I'm saying? So that's, that's the tide goes in, tide goes out. Right. It's a different thing. 'cause next week you and I are working, we're gonna be in three different cities in travel and you know, all that kinda stuff. So media and all, you know, all the stuff that we do when we're out there running around the circles. But yeah, so that, that's the trick. And I think what's scaring you is, is that this hasn't sh there's no, you're supposed to let your foot off the gas when you hit baby step four and not, not all the way off, but you're not pedal to the metal.


And not to preach here, but this is that moment of pictures and words. You both said the words, when we get outta debt, we get the baby step four and you had a picture of what that would look like and that's y'all sitting on the couch, hanging out, laughing, going for walks. And he did had a very different picture, which is I'm gonna keep working hard and I'm gonna try to get this house paid off as fast as possible. What y'all need to do is to get away and exhale, even if it's just for a meal and just exhale and say, Hey, we made it, what do we want this thing to look like? What's a very clear picture of baby steps four, five and six? What's that world gonna look like for us? Because this isn't sustainable. And it wasn't designed to be sustainable. No. It was just, we're we, you do whatever you take to get through step Three, just five.


That's right. That's intensity. But then once you get here, time to make a little shift. And it's not, it may be that he, he is just excited about finishing off the house and finish, you know, finishing off the wealth building journey a little bit more. It might be that he's scared, He may be like me where I didn't know how to be a dad and I wasn't super great at it and I didn't, I always felt like I was doing everything wrong and I was really successful at work and that just became a place where I knew I could go support my family and not feel like I was a failure all the time. Either way, wherever you find yourself, you'll have to sit down and have that conversation. Yeah. Buddy of mine hit a golf shot the other day and I said man, perfect.


He said words you never hear at home. Never Kevin in Sacramento. Hey Kevin, how are you? I'm doing well. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So, so Dave, I am in step baby, step five. I currently am renting, but I am planning on building, building a house for my family soon. So the main question is, so I know my fam I know my parents' retirement plan, I know their net worth, their house and everything. And after having calculated everything for them, like they're barely gonna scrape by.


So I'm wondering should I go, go towards like baby step six or take a much more active role in my parents' retirement? Have they invited you into that conversation? Are you doing this for them? So they, so they, So we had a con financial conversation and they told me everything and I actually did this calculation for them because I'm, because No, I got that part. I got that part. But did they say, Hey, can you help us? They didn't actively say they didn't ask me actively, but it's just me seeing their situation and I just feel like they're, they're, they're just not thriving, you know, they're barely gonna survive and now and working.


That's because I need to sell some stuff that none of y'all wanna talk about them selling. Right. Or they gotta keep working jobs that no one wants them to keep working. Yeah. My dad's, he's, he's hitting the retirement age soon. Yep. He's a retirement's not an age dude engineer. Retirement's not an age. How old is he? He's, he's turning 65 soon. Oh well I'm, I'm too and I'm not quitting and I don't even need the money. My mother, my mother has a, my mother's a retired nurse so she has somewhat of a pension coming. I know Kevin, but you're not hearing what I'm, you're not hearing what we're saying. They need to keep working. Yeah. It's not like Michael Scott that went out and declared bankruptcy. That one I declare retirement.


Yeah, Retirement isn't just an age you get to, if y'all are looking saying we're not scraping by the variable you're not taking into consideration is they can't stop working then they want to, that's the world they want to have. But they don't have enough money to do That. What's their house worth? Their current house worth is 600,000. But they paid that off. Yeah. And where is it? North Carolina. Okay. And so the house is paid for and they have a pension coming in and they're gonna have to work some to supplement the pension and social security to stay afloat. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, so my dad That's Okay. That's Okay. My dad's, yeah.


So the thing is like, I, I mean I agree that if you can work, you can work. But my mother, she had to retire early due to health con health issues. My father, he's completely healthy, but recently he is developed like a heart condition and he had to get his valve replaced. So So What are you, what are you asking us about your situation? Like can you help and pitch in? No, I think you need to coach them on how they take the money that they have and the opportunities that they have to make themselves a sustainable life. I don't think you supplement this, you don't have the money to supplement it, number one, based on what you told me anyway and 'cause there's not $5 million laying somewhere I don't know about in this conversation.


Yeah, I definitely don't have. Yeah, I definitely don't have 5 million. You don't even own a house. You don't even own a house and so no you're not, you know, they own a $650,000 house. They kind of got it up on you right now. And so I think they need to reconfigure their life to live within the income they can create and or have coming in. And if that means selling the 650,000 house and moving into a 350,000 condo, I'm okay with that. And if that means that they work some and she's got, she's a nurse, but she can't maybe go walk the floor as a nurse, but she probably can do a lot on remote work as a nurse. I would imagine there's lots of remote things she can do sitting at a computer using her nursing knowledge that'll make some money to come in and without straining her physically.


And once his valve is replaced, what can he do? Probably not gonna be digging ditches or running marathons, but could he do some things with his mind that he has learned over the years and bring in another thousand or $2,000 a month consulting fees on something? Sure. And those are the kinds of things I want you to coach them on. Not you start writing them checks 'cause it's tight 'cause you're not in a position to, and now now everybody goes down with this ship 'cause they won't deal with creating a sustainable mathematic situation Dealing with reality's hard man. Nobody wants this. But this is just where we find our Yep. It's it's a tough, tough thing.


Sorry.


Hey, technology has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Now the hot topic is AI and I understand that it might seem intimidating, but if you use AI the right way, it's just another tool to help you work smarter and faster. Like a calculator or a cordless drill. So if you run a business, you'd better get on board with it before you get left behind. And NetSuite by Oracle offers AI powered tools that help small businesses improve efficiency and make smarter decisions by bringing all their major business processes into one platform. That way there's one source of truth for the real time data you need to take advantage of opportunities then you can forecast better, scale more efficiently and streamline those manual tasks that take too long. So join the more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions that rely on NetSuite to help tackle some of their biggest challenges. And right now you can download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, Do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave RAMSEY, your host Dr. John Delony, PhD in counseling RAMSEY personality, number one bestselling author and host of The Dr. John Delony Show on the RAMSEY Networks. He's my co-host today. Andy's with us. Andy's in Chicago. Hi Andy, how are you? Hey guys, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Okay, so I have a question. I just recently found out that my husband, the total of the credit card debt that he's got is, I'm guessing and assuming or or not and assuming, but I'm guessing 60 to 80,000.


And I just keep finding out little things here and there of more. And my goal, our goal was supposed to be to get a house and move out of, you know, where we're at and the choices that he continues to make. For example, on wanting a couch that, I mean going from like a hundred dollars couch, he wants like two to $4,000 couch and get into that debt. And now he brought up this morning that the easiest way we can get outta debt is to do like, it's a consolidation known where all the debt is put into one payment.


And I feel it's like getting into more debt. It's not biblical. I am at my wits end. I don't know how else I could guide him besides saying it's a bad idea and I don't know what to do. Y'all Okay? Y yeah. That little part of the whole conversation is a bad idea for sure. The worst idea is the way you guys are operating, your operating like roommates and your roommate has a, I suggest a budget. Your Roommate has a problem over here instead of like the two of us together make our decisions together and we manage our money together to Go to the dreams that we want to live together.


And he, he's acting like a free agent just running around over here. And you, you can't tell me if I buy a couch and I'll do whatever I wanna do and I may or may not tell you. And that's really destructive, isn't it? Yes sir. And I don't know what else to do. I've suggested the budget. No, no. And suggested the app and it's just, That's not where, that's not where the problem lies. Here's the problem. Number one, you don't even know how bad this is. And until you both sit down and pull credit reports and you actually have real data in front of you, pull all three of them and you look and see who do you owe money to? And here's why you have to do it that way. 'cause you don't trust him because he keeps lying to you.


Right? He keeps telling, you know, this is it. And you find out there's a couch note and then you find out there's another note. And here's the second problem. You tell him, Hey, I'm so scared about our financial future. You know how you say those words to him? You're stupid, this plan doesn't work. Why don't you budget? And he, you don't say those. Instead you say, I'm Scared said you say I'm scared, but that's the way you talk to him. Hey, this is a dumb idea. And he doesn't hear that. He thinks, nope, you're dumb. And then here's where, and then he's hiding couch receipts somewhere. Instead of you saying, do you love me? 'cause if you do, I'm so, so scared about what happens next for us. I just brought this up today and I think this is what led me to the conver or the call is I heard, I just wanna give you everything you want.


It's not true. That is not true. That's a lie. Conviction. It's A lie. He's lying to you. His conviction is making me feel like, no, he's lying to you. I can, I can literally live with an rv, get rid of everything, let's get rid of the debt, sell everything. These are the examples I've given him. Just let's get rid of everything we don't need. Pay off those cards, get back up, float and breathe. And none of that is being heard. And I don't know what to do. Y'all Let him see this right here. He has, it's not working. I feel the devil is attacking and I don't know what to do.


No, it's not a devil. It's your husband being a twerp. It's not the devil. Don't blame the devil. He is not that good at it. No, I I you know, I think the two of you desperately need to sit down with a marriage counselor because I predict that in six months your marriage is gonna be over if you don't deal with this issue. 'cause you're reaching, you're, you're getting close to that point where the switch is gonna flip and you're gonna look at him and go, I'm done. You are dangerously close to that. Are some of your tears coming because you know that there's much more to come here Because I'm scared. Yes.


He's not listening and I just, I try to help him lead and find God and it just is too much. I'm who I, I feel How long y'all been married? I, We've been together about seven, eight years and married a little over a year. What's he spending $60,000 on? I don't know. He, for the last got, I mean however many years he's, he's had an work injury, so he's put in on that. He said when he wasn't working he put that on the credit cards and it just, I don't know. I don't, I just, what I don't see is why is it so difficult to get rid of material stuff So we can pay this debt off?


I don't, to me it's a no brainer. If that makes sense. You know, I can go with living in a little square with minimal stuff and let's just get rid and work really hard. I can't even go out and work because the excuses is a medical condition. Well, I'm willing to go through that medical condition and work just So we can pay this off. So how come he's not willing to do that? That's also, It could be any number of reasons, but I'm telling you right now, there's a listening to how you're mapping this thing out. I think there's other things going on, whether he's got somebody else on the side, whether he's struggling with some sort of addiction, whether he's wrestling with some bigger demons.


I think there's something else at play. And my gut tells me that, you know that to be true also. I'm happy to be way wrong, but I think I'm right. Yeah, he won get help. Am I right? Possibly. Yeah. Okay, so money here is, it's the lights flashing on the dashboard. Your marriage has way bigger issues. How do you ask somebody to, you you can't, you can lead a horse to water. You can't force 'em to drink y'all. It's not about the money. You guys need to Go to marriage counseling this week or your marriage is gonna end. Yeah.


If he hasn't left you already, he just hasn't bothered to move out yet. Yeah, you guys, and if he, if listen, you say I'm scared and I can't get through to you and we can't get on the same page, we're gonna have to have some outside help. I'm going to a marriage counselor, if you wanna save our marriage, you should go with me. Yeah. And if he won't go with you, go anyway by yourself. And it's clear you've left me. If you wanna save this marriage, you're gonna come with me to this one. Yeah. You, you've gotta you've gotta rejoin me again and we gotta build something for the future because the thing that, the thing we were trying to do didn't work. It's a mess. And you know, 'cause I, Andy I've worked in this stuff for 30 years and I, I'm not a marriage counselor, John is, but I do know that when people reach a certain point, the switch flips and you can't get 'em back.


And I don't want that to happen to you. I want to catch you before it switches and you're just done. Y'all go work on this before you're done.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my Field of Greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable in Field of Greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water. And here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass, but it tastes great. And only Field of Greens makes this promise. Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


The money and relationships tour is halfway over and the energy in every room has been unreal. Each stop has been packed with real talk big laughs and life changing moments. Now it's your turn. Come hang out with me and Dr. John Delony in a city near you for a night that could change your money, your relationships, and your future. This is your last chance to join us in Phoenix Fort Worth, or Kansas City the week of May 5th. Grab your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Brittany is in Rhode Island. Hi Brittany, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave, thanks so much for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So our, our situation is that we're needing to buy a bigger car because we're about to have our third baby. Some dear friends of ours mentioned that they'd be interested in buying it off of us and both my husband and I felt called to just actually give the car to them. The car is worth about $10,000. And then of course last week the check engine light comes on. I bring it in for the repair. It's gonna cost about $4,000 At this point. Wait a minute. Okay. What is a check engine light equaling $4,000.


Yeah, so there's some, an oil leak that's kind of, you know, I guess standard to Subarus and it's, it's kind of all over the engine. And they've said at this point they need to take the engine out, replace all the gaskets, and it's about a 16 hour labor job we've hired that Would be the Subaru dealer. It is. Yeah. We took it Down. Crap. Bull crap. Gave us a $3,800 quote. Yeah. So we're kind of looking at, you Know who, who, wait a minute. Who gave you a what? Well, a mom and pop shop that we trust gave us $3,800 quote.


So you've got two quotes and they're both in the same neighborhood? Yes, exactly. Okay. And verified. Again, we've got some mechanics that we know, you know, we've had a few people verify like, yes, this is the job that needs to get done, so maybe we find someone to do it for a bit cheaper. But so we're probably looking at like the three to $4,000 range On a car. But this, this couple offered to buy the car from you and y'all want to give it to them? Yes. Why does anything change other than you say, Hey, we're gonna give this to you, but it's gonna need 4,000 bucks worth of work. I guess I just feel like we offered them or committed to them a $10,000 gift and you know, they can use it.


And now we're, we're giving them a car that, you know, may or may not, I don't know if this problem's gonna recur. Where did this 10,000 number pop into your head? It's now become a, because it's now become a debt. You feel like you owe them this? Yes. Who do you owe? Yeah, I guess we don't, it just feels like that that's what, you know, I, I committed giving them less than that just feels wrong for some reason, to me, I, I don't think it's wrong. Well, if it had started with out of the blue, you felt like God told you to give them that car, maybe, but out of the blue they were gonna buy it and you flipped it to free.


Yes. So that changes the equation in my mind and releases you from the obligation to fix the car. So instead of paying $10,000 for a $10,000 car, or $8,000 for a 10,000 car, they're gonna pay $3,800 to have their free 10,000 car fixed. And I think they still got a deal, An incredible deal. There's still a lot of generosity coming off of you. Like $4,000 worth or $6,000 worth. Okay. Yeah. No, I, I, I would've this conversation with, with a smile on my face. Like, All Right, here we go, guys. You know how this works. We're gonna give you this car, we're still gonna give it to you. Here is both of the, the two estimates that we just got because of course the lights came on.


Yeah. And if you g if y'all don't want it, it's okay. It's cool. We'll just, we'll just sell it somebody else because we want you to know what you're getting into. Yeah. Okay. And, and everybody, everybody, we Don't want, we don't, we don't give, we don't wanna give you a, a broken car and you not know it. We want you to know what you're getting is, it's not as good a gift as we all thought it was gonna be because we drove it one more week and the engine light came on. If we, if you'd already had it and the engine light came on and it's two weeks later, you would've already send me situation, you'd be sitting in the same situation. Okay. Yeah. All Right. So bring 'em into the decision and, and you think definitely don't pay the Yeah. The 4,000 to repair It. No, I'm definitely not paying the 4,000 to repair it. I wouldn't if it was me now, and, and I, I get that you have, you really feel strongly you've done your due diligence on this, but I'm just still struggling with an oil leak turning into $4,000 worth of every gasket.


And the whole stupid thing has to be replaced and the engine has to be pulled. I can't get there. And I, you know, I'm not a Subaru expert, but I have pulled a few engines and put in a few gaskets. And I'm not a certified mechanic, but I'm also not gonna believe any, anything. Anytime the dealer gives me a $4,000 quote, that generally means somewhere else. It's at least 50% of that In general. Just in general. Okay. I'll give you an example. A guy called here last week. He 2000 miles outside of the warranty, the engine in his 2-year-old Jaguar Blue, they want $35,000 to put a Jaguar engine in it.


The dealer does 2000 miles outside of the warranty. You think Dave's doing that? No, no, no, no, no, no. We're gonna go down to what we used to call the junkyard and then they called it the salvage yard. Now it's called Recyclable Auto Parts. And you buy a used Jaguar engine from somebody that totaled theirs for $7,000. And you put that in there and that's how you fix that car. Is it wrong of me now that cars are more and more like just mobile iPhones, that there's a, as soon as you get outside the warranty, there's just a button you can push somewhere that just says, Blows up a little conspiracy theory going, John, I have 2000, 2000.


Hit the button. Hit the button. We need some more business in here. The button I was gonna push was call Jaguar and say, you guys are getting ready to get a whole bunch of bad press. 'cause I'm gonna have 2000 miles worth of $35,000 worth of fun on your butt for your car melting down right outside of warranty. If y'all don't help me put an engine in this in some way, you gotta meet me halfway and help me out with this. That's the other, that's the other thing I told the guy to do. 'cause I mean, seriously, but hey, there we go. There we go. You never know. So I, I'm Plus your car should need a new engine. I get if some, if a part fails or a piece of, Oh No, he, he blew the engine. I don't know what he did. But see, somehow the engine, I mean, I talked to him about a while.


He, he dropped a rod in it, it was blown. But, but a a A a rod shouldn't be, it shouldn't be thrown too. Gosh, are you, are you this piss port building engines? I mean, seriously. You know, I mean that's, that's what you get into. So anyway, yeah, I'm always a, can you tell I have the gift of cynicism. So yeah, I'm always a little suspect of these things. And I'm not saying mechanics are crooks, that's not it at all. But dealers, lemme tell you, I do know this statistically, there's an interesting fact for you people, the square footage in the new car auto dealer that makes the most money for the auto dealer is the finance office.


They make more money on loaning you money than they do on by selling you a car. The square footage that makes the second most money in the new car dealership is the shop The Shop Because the markup is freaking retail and then some That's right. And so they, they just make bank on it, man. It's that simple. You get 50 emails a week saying, Hey, you need this, you need this, you need this. So You really get, if you're a car dealer and you understand your business, a new car dealer, you, you're in the car business not to sell cars, but to sell financing and repairs and Oil changes. Yeah. I I, when I, I bought my last car, I, I told the guy, he said, Hey, you wanna go ahead and take out this, it was like a, some kinda short term warranty because this is the average amount of repairs this car's gonna need in the next two years.


And I said, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. If you already have an actuarial table that says this thing's gonna break this many thousands of dollars in two years, I'm out of this car. I thought it was a great car. And he is like, no, no, no, no, that's not what I mean, man. I said, no, no, if you're telling me I need to give you extra money so the brand new thing you're giving me isn't gonna break. And he's like, well that's not really what I'm trying to say, man, what I'm trying. And I was like, ah, just, I, I don't do warranties, man. I'm good. But like, man, if you're already telling me, Hey, what we're selling you is gonna break here soon, and so give us some extra money. That's just not a product I wanna be a part of. Man, I'm just, dude, Dave, I'm so sick of the shakedown. The Well, I, you know, can you tell, we both have some, I'm just so sick of We have mean, here's why you and I can afford it. There's too many millions of Americans who just trying to get to work and back and they're dealing with this crap and it just makes me sick from my stomach.


Love, love. It pisses me off. Yep. Amen. This is The Ramsey Show.


Okay, you guys, 54% of Americans say it's a challenge to save on groceries without sacrificing quality. That's why I'm thrilled to tell you about Aldi. Aldi gives you simpler, better food choices that can save your family nearly $4,000 a year from the daily essentials to organic produce, fresh meat and more. Aldi has what you need at prices that won't bust your budgets. So stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near your today at Aldi us. That's a ldi us.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter. No purchase is necessary and you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


Grant is in Philadelphia. Hey Grant, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello Mr. RAMSEY. How you doing today, sir? Better than I deserve. What's up in your world? So I was wondering, I know this is a bit of a generalized question, but I was wondering if you had any advice or tips for listeners who feel limited in their potential due to issues? Due to issues, excuse me, with mental health. Tell me more. All Right, so just to give you a little bit of background, I'm not in a deep financial hole or anything like that, but there is a bit of family history. Part of it is addiction, part of it is mental health. My mother had depression and anxiety. My father gambling addict, great parents at the end of the day, very fantastic parents.


They did a good job. But family history there, that just kind of caused disruptions in my childhood and then into adulthood. On my personal end, my mother passed away in 2017 when that happened, I received an inheritance obviously, and I just was not smart with it the way I needed to be. Instead of investing it, instead of using that to catapult myself into a stable future, ended up spending it. I still think about those mistakes to this day. And now I'm in a situation, I'm approaching 30, I would like to be able to start a family, have financial stability, all these different things. But those past failures combined with the family history really just kind of put a damper on those thoughts.


So it's hard to have long-term motivation. Do you, do you have mental health diagnostics? Have you been diagnosed with emotional and mental health disorders? Yeah, so when I was younger I was diagnosed Asperger's syndrome. Now that's changed since then. Obviously they got rid of that diagnosis. So I think it's just Spectrum Disorder. I mean outside of the, there's definitely a little bit of anxiety and Okay. Things of that nature. So Given what I mean just the two seconds, you just unpacked your 30 seconds, you unpacked your childhood. What I would love to tell you is it sounds like for the last 25, 27, 28 years you've been surviving and congratulations, you made it. Did you do something dumb with money?


Yes, we all do. And the only thing you can do anything about is what comes happen, what happens next. And so let me ask you something. Any time you sit down and you think about blowing all that money, has that ever, have you ever been able to figure out how to get some of that money back into deposited into your checking account? So I mean, like in terms of the money that's already gone, like I do think about just how could I have been smarter with it and like in the present day, how can I budget my money? How can I make sure that money's set aside for emergencies for a future? So in those avenues, I'm doing well.


I do a money saved up. I have a 401k, I have a Roth IRA. Good. And you don't have a mental health diagnosis? No. I mean not. So what you are Is like a normal 30-year-old person. Yeah. That made a mistake once with money. You don't have any limiting factors. In fact, you've climbed, you scratched and clawed your way out of a pretty hellacious childhood to get here. Thank you for that. Yeah, it sounds like, it Sounds like you're pretty strong to me. You're a lot stronger than you think you are. I I, if I were you, I would go sit down with somebody and get some, get retested just to clear your mind. I don't want you googling, I have some sort of diagnostic or some sort of self-limiting factor And yeah, there, there's no I, John, correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm not aware of any en environmental, but no physical inherited tr you, you know, if your dad's an addict, it doesn't make you an addict.


No. But you can, you can grow up in a pretty traumatic situation that I know. But that's an environment. That's what I mean. That's why you get to decide what happens next. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So Grant, what, what do you think you're doing wrong right now? I think right now it's just, I, I don't think that I'm branching out on my own and being independent enough. Okay. So I'm living with my dad now. We live kind of need each other. Him, you know, I think I'm helping him financially, he's helping me emotionally. So we're a good team. But it's down. Do you Need emotional support right now, grant? I'm not through a therapist. I've tried those in the past. I'm just a little, I, I don't wanna say cynical, but doubtful maybe. You know, it's just like a little tough to kind of, okay. So If you don't wanna get, how does Your addict father support you as a 30-year-old?


Emotionally? Well, emotionally, it's just that, as you could tell just from this pre phone call, there's a lot of self-doubt there. And he does try to be as encouraging as possible. You know, this time a year ago I was originally an operations manager for a shipping company and I did really well and just, you know, some wear and tear emotionally, physically ended up losing that job. And that really rocked my confidence. He ended up being the person there that just got me through that He got you through or he or he said, I believe, and you can do it. And by the way, I need you to pay the electric bill and the light bill. Can I borrow one? No. Yeah. It wasn't the, it wasn't the electric bill necessarily. We were, so the original plan when I moved in with him was, hold on, hold On hold, hold on. We're gonna get, we're gonna get all sideways.


Here's the deal. I don't understand what you're asking. How can I, how can I help? Because here's the deal. Think you don't want professional help 'cause you're cynical of it. You don't wanna get rediagnosed. 'cause, but you do wanna diagnose yourself. You don't wanna get away from some of this toxic behavior that you grew up with yet you wanna live with your dad. You, you want to be secure with money as a 30-year-old, yet you still feel compelled to fund his life. All these are choices you're allowed to make. You're a grown adult. But I'm trying to walk you through each one of them and saying where they're not in alignment with what you're telling me you want your life to look like. And so how can I help? I See where you're absolutely, how Can I help? I Think it's just, I, I guess how can I, how can I branch away and become independent, Move away, get a job, and move away, Branch away and become independent.


Get A, get a one bedroom apartment and say, dad, in two months I'm gonna be out here on my own. 'cause it's time for me to be a 30-year-old man all by myself. And By the way, confidence doesn't come from someone saying, I believe in you. Confidence comes from actually accomplishing something. That's right. And yes, we, It's a muscle that's built. We Need people to pick us up when we fall and that's awesome. And then we gotta go take the next step. Yeah. That's confidence. That's where you get confidence. I want you, I want you to go get some quick wins. Get some wins that make you feel good, that make you say, I did this. I accomplished something. I accomplished something. I rented an apartment. I got four jobs. I piled up some cash. I work a lot. I'm good with people. And, and start to build some confidence around these things because you've re you've, you've set your identity up as the child of a depressed mother and, and an addict, father and destined to follow in their tracks.


And you are not destined to follow in their tracks. You are destined to make AdChoices as to whether you'll follow in their tracks. And you can't say, I, I, I need some help. I want some guidance, but I don't wanna take help and I don't wanna take guidance. Those two things are incompatible together. So e either you have the courage and the humility to say, I don't know how to do what, what comes next? I'm gonna go sit down with a professional. I'm gonna go talk to a, an investment professional. I'm gonna go talk to a mental health professional. I'm gonna talk to somebody to walk me through this. Cool. Or I'm just gonna keep staying in the same situation at the end of the day. I'll, I'll give you a quote from my friend Michael Easter. Do something, do something that is different from the situation you're in right now.


Otherwise everything will stay the same except it will degrade. It will, it will slowly decompose underneath you. Yeah. Those continue continuing to do the same thing over and over again, expecting a different result is the definition of insanity. Yeah. That's what the 12 steppers say in their quoting Edison when they said that. So, or Einstein one of the two, I can't remember which, but either one. So yeah, it's, yeah, the, the, so when I went broke grant, I got the, and lost everything. I also lost a lot of my confidence and I'm a brand new dad and a husband and I'm obviously lousy at all of it. 'cause the water and the electricity got cut off in the house that my children lived in.


Not exactly a non-toxic environment, you know? And so then I get to decide somewhere in the following months, am I a bankrupt guy who is useless? Or am I a guy who made some mistakes and went bankrupt? Those are two different sets of identities. And I had to make that conscious dec I had to make that decision consciously as an act of my will. And by the way, my parents went bankrupt when I was a kid. So does that mean it's always destined for my children then to go bankrupt? Is that a, is this like a DNA thing? Well, crap.


No. You Get to choose what happens Next. You get to choose not to do the stupid stuff that causes bankruptcy. And so, you know, in the following 35 years, I've become a multi multimillionaire choosing not to do the stupid stuff that caused me to file bankruptcy and 'cause I'm not defined by that. It's something that happened, something that I did, but it's not who I am. And that's a different thing. And it's not who I am based on my parents and it's not who I am based on my failure. Because failure is, is a momentary thing. I found something that didn't work and I changed it went to something that does work. It's a definition of wisdom.


People ask me all the time, George, what's your number one money saving hack? I'm glad you asked. Nothing makes me happier than helping another frugal friend. So here's the hack. Get on a budget. Seriously, how are you supposed to save money if you don't know how much you're spending in the first place? And that's what makes the EveryDollar budgeting app a game changer. With EveryDollar, you'll get a clear picture of your spending and from there it's easy to see where you can get more intentional cut back and save more money. So how much money are we talking here? Well, the average EveryDollar Budgeter frees up $395 in their first budget. That's the hack. And if you ask me, I think you're way above average and you'll save even more. So what are you doing? Still listening to me. Go download the EveryDollar app for free and start saving more money right now.


Well next week, Dr. John Delony and I will be doing three, the three last stops of the money and relationships tour. You do not have to stay trapped in money problems, money patterns, relationship patterns that cause each other. Yeah. It's an issue. And we can show you how you can break the cycle if you don't have your tickets yet. For when we're in Phoenix this coming Monday, may the fifth, you can still get tickets to that Fort Worth. There's a handful of tickets left for Wednesday, Like six or something. It's almost gone. Yeah. May 7th almost gone. Kansas City sold out. It's Friday, May 9th. I think there might be some singles in there if you pull up the website and look at it. But, but you're, you know, if you wanna come with somebody, you're gonna be sitting apart. So it's sold out. If you're tuning in on YouTube or podcast, click the link in the show notes or Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. We would love to have you in Kansas City in Fort Worth in Phoenix. Check it out.


Amber's in Houston. Hey Amber. What's up? Hello. I'm calling today because my husband and I are severely in debt and we are trying to find, determine whether or not selling our home would be the best course of action. Alright, tell us about it. Okay, so well basically we're roughly $215,000 in debt. That's excluding our mortgage. What Kind of, what kind of debt is It? And So 115,000 of it is student loans, roughly 50,000 is credit card debt. And then another 48 5 is a home equity loan.


Hmm. Okay. Yeah, I know. It's horrible. It's horrible. What's your household income? About 8,000 a month. Okay. Now how much was car payments Again, We don't have car payments. None. You don't have car debts. You have a HA home equity loan. So what'd you run all this debt up on? What's it all from? Well, full transparency, obviously that's why I'm calling is, is the, we bought a new house a few years ago and obviously we started using credit cards uncontrollably and we did a consolidation loan to pay off credit cards. Ah, that's the home equity loan. But it didn't cover all of the, the home equity loan is to pay off the original debt we had on credit cards, but it didn't cover all of, And you didn't stop spending.


You are absolutely right. Yes. It was a huge mistake on our part. Okay, so what's your home worth? The home loan is the mortgage. It's 213,000 for the home that we're currently in. Okay. And the home equity loan again was what? 48 5. Okay. And what's the house worth? About 3 75 right now. Okay. All Right. Well, you can work your way out of those two things. How much is the credit card debt again? 50. Right at 50. Okay. And you have 115 in student loans? That is correct. Okay. How old are you guys?


48. How do you get 115,000 in student loans at 48? You never paid on 'em since college? Honestly, very minimal. So they've just been hanging around for the amount of Money we're Making for 20 Years. Well, the amount of money, sorry. Yes. The amount of money we're making now just recently changed probably in the last five to seven years. Prior to that the income was very low. Hmm. And so at the time, I mean, it was, we were just barely making it. And then obviously when the income changed. Okay. What, when did the income change again? I would say probably in the last five years or so.


Okay, but you, you immediately adjusted your lifestyle up and are spending all of it? Correct. Okay. And now we're seeing that we're just, it's, it's outta control and, you know, obviously we're thinking about retirement, what we're gonna do in the next 15, 20 years, and I, I don't know, it's depressing to be honest. Yeah, Can imagine. All Right. We do. Okay. What, the first thing I would do is the two of you, both of you sit down, what are your cars worth? Nothing. They're both 2004.


Well, I don't wanna say nothing, but they're both 2014 model. I'm gonna say maybe three, three grand, three or four grand. I mean, I'm driving a Ford focus. He's driving a Dodge Charger. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Alright. All Right. So the, the answer to the equation is the, the problem here is not the credit card debt or the student loan that's been hanging around. The, the problem is you guys have never in your married life learned how to live on less than you make. And it's caused all of these other things. So the first step is to learn to live on less than you make, get out all the credit cards and cut them up tonight and you and your husband sit down and open the EveryDollar budgeting app and fill out a budget that you're going to stick to next month.


Then we're gonna work extra above the 8,000 and earn some more money. We're gonna look around, see what we can sell. We're not going out to eat anytime soon, like it's gonna be three years before you see a restaurant. Unless you're working there, you're not going on vacation. You are broke people, broke people don't go out to eat and broke. People don't go on vacations. You've got to change this cycle. You don't need any clothes. You've got a bunch. You don't need any toys. You've got toys coming out your ears, motorcycles, seadoos, boats, lawnmowers around. Any of that?


No. Okay. All Right, then you, I think that's why I'm struggling The most. Well, you've been spending your money on experiences, lot of assets you've been spending your money on experiences. Those aren't assets, they're problems, but okay. Right. All Right. So anyway, So we're gonna live on nothing on this budget, and we're gonna start putting 2000, then 3000, then 4,000, then $5,000 a month towards these debts. We're gonna list them smallest to largest, and that'll be the credit cards. And we're going to attack them in that order. You're never going to use a credit card again in your entire freaking life.


Agreed. If you do, agreed, you're going to retire and eat dog food, you have to turn this around. You have to stop this. You've got a 20 year habit pattern that's gonna be very difficult to break. And that's why I'm being so in your face. I need that. We need it. I mean that we absolutely need It. Okay, you can do this. I've seen people do it, but the challenge is, it's not like we've been married 20 months and we were stupid. We've been married 20, 25 years doing stupid. So we gotta break those, those patterns. And you're not stupid, but you've been doing some stupid stuff.


I'm not stupid, but I've done some stupid stuff. Okay? So we're all in the human race together now. You guys have got to make the decisions to say, that's it. I've had it, we're not living like this anymore. And flip the switch and change right now and start aggressively attacking this debt, smallest to largest living on a written budget that both of you are in agreement to. And you start making a game, an emotional game out of how much debt we can pay, how little we can buy, and how much debt we can pay, and how much debt we can pay. And here's the, here's the equation. Okay? You start paying $50,000 off a year, that's 48,000, or that's $4,000 a month.


If you do that, you're debt free in three years, not counting your house. Should we stop in? Oh, you drove right past that. I, I heard you, you said that we could do within three to four years, we could have everything paid off if we start throwing $4,000 At it. And that means you're living on nothing. Beans and rice, no life. Your friends think you joined a cult. Okay. That's what it's gonna take. All Right.


You hang on. I'm gonna give you the, to book, the Total Money Makeover, and we're gonna give you EveryDollar premium to help you do this. And if you'll get in that dead gum app that We have built, that is so freaking powerful, it's unbelievable. It will wa it will take you by the hand and walk you guys through it. But the two of you both have to commit to no more buying of anything.


And yes, Amber, to answer your other question, stop investing. Pause it. Yeah. Stop investing for sure. Pause It even though we gotta match. You're crazy. You'll a match. You don't have any money. You don't have any money. You gotta free up EveryDollar. You can free up and get this done as fast as you can. Wow. Really scary. But you gotta get after it. That's how it works. Dave, This is, this call, I think is more Americans than we wanna believe. Oh, it's how They don't know what to do. 30 years sitting in this chair, gee. Yeah. Every day, this is The Ramsey Show Call every customer you have.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right, by The way, Go on now. Don't make it weird, okay? I I, I got nowhere to go, so you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.