
Hey you guys. Cyber Monday deals are here. So shop meaningful Christmas gifts that won't bust your budget right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author and host of The Ken. Coleman Show is my co-host today. Open phones at triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk. Adeline is with us in Youngstown, Ohio. Hi Adeline, how are you? Hi, I'm doing good. Good. What's up? Thank you. So I'm a 21-year-old girl. I'm not planning to go to college anytime here soon.


And I recently started getting all my money. My dad would get my money before because, you know, take care of expenses and stuff. And, I thought I knew how to manage money pretty good, but turns out I don't. So basically my question is, what should I as a 20, 21-year-old be doing to build wealth? At this point, I have about $6,000 saved and yeah. And you're working? I have a car, yes. I work four days a week, 15 hour a day job. What do you do? I work for my brother at his apple orchard.


So what do you make? Yeah, $15 an hour. It's not steady income. Like in the wintertime I make maybe 1500 a month. And then in the busier times a year I make maybe 2,500 a month. What specifically are you doing for him? I run his market And, I for fruit and yeah, do a bunch of random stuff. Prune trees. Yeah. Are you living on your own or with your mom and dad? I'm living at home With mom and dad. Yeah. Okay. Alright, cool.


So what's your plan? Where are you gonna be and where are you, where are you headed? What's the 31-year-old version of you gonna be doing? Hard question to ask. At this point, I would like to either be married and if I'm not married, be doing something in the medical field. Okay. All right. Well, I'd start taking some steps towards that and it's figuring out what that looks like in terms of the medical field part. I'm, I'm not in charge of the marriage part, but the, it's not my department, but, but yeah, you know, I start saying, okay, what do I wanna be four years from now?


That's on my way to being another thing 10 years from now. And what classes do I need to be taking or certifications do I need to get? What experience do I need to move? Because I'm usually, you don't go from the apple orchard to the medical field, you usually go into the medical field. It's some kind of entry level thing. And so maybe you start talking about taking some early steps towards that. 'cause your career is part of managing your money, in other words. Right. That's why we're asking you all about your income and then you moving out and having your own place. That's part of managing your money as you go with, as far as managing your money goes. And I'll let Ken speak further to your career.


The, the, you just want you, you've gotta just make the money that you have behave and go where you want it to go. And you do that simply by having a plan before the month begins of where every dollar's gonna go. And that's called a budget. And there's a budgeting app that we have called EveryDollar And. I will give you the premium version of that to get you started on that. And, but basically you're gonna sit down before the month goes, enter your numbers into this app and go, this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell this money what to do instead of looking up at the end of every month and going, I have no idea what happened. And then that will lead you away from debt towards savings, towards investing, towards investing into yourself in some possible education moves.


Yeah. What I would add, Adeline, is best thing you can do right now to move forward is to get as much knowledge as you can about the potential directions you could choose. The reason people don't move forward and they stay in the app, the apple orchard if you will, is because they're intimidated, they're scared. So here's what I want you to do. I want you to think about, I want you to write down tonight before you go to bed, all the different medical professions that you might be interested in. Everything from a 10 level interest, 2 0 1, so she could get visually what's out there. So that's a doctor, a surgeon that's a a, a nurse practitioner. It might be a nurse, it might be somebody who does radiology scan.


Might be a pediatrician. Pediatrician, it could be anything. So look at that. And so then I want you to begin to identify people in your area who are in those fields. And we call this the proximity principle. Get around those people, take 'em to lunch, take 'em to coffee, and be like a student doing a book report on their job. And what's gonna happen is you're gonna begin to understand what it takes to get there. That's the education piece and the experience piece, as Dave said. What does the lowest rung of the ladder require and look like to move into the medical position that you want? And so hang on the line. I wanna give you two things. I wanna give you the get clear assessment. It's about a 20 minute assessment. It's gonna give you real clarity on professional direction.


And then I wanna give you the book, the Proximity Principle, because this is a deep dive in what I'm describing for you. But if you do that, you're gonna have real clear direction. One other thing I wanna tell her Dave, is, is for seasonal people, we get this call a lot. When you're in a seasonal job like this, you need to take that experience and skillset from the apple orchard to another job or two so that there's not this dip in income. There should not be a dip in the wintertime for you because you should be doing something else in a part-time capacity or two part-time jobs or another seasonal job that is hot during the downtime of the orchard. That's the mindset to keep your income level at the same level or create increase for yourself.


It's very important. And, and so Alan, don't miss that. The answer to your how do I manage money? Question for us was the income side. There's two sides to the equation, the income side and the outgoing side. And immediately both of us honed in on the income side for you. So managing your career and your income is part of managing your money. And, and, and so when you're looking at picking up the extra jobs in the down season, when you're looking at making the first steps into the medical profession, all that's part of managing your money in terms of the actual tactical, what do I, how do I keep the money that we have and make it behave well, that's the budget.


So we're gonna give you all three things to help you. They get clear assessment from Ken, his book The Proximity Principle, and we'll also give you the premium version of the app EveryDollar, which will help everyone get dialed in on it here. So very good stuff. Good question. Thanks for joining us Open phones here at eight eight Eight two five five two two five. Ken, it, you know, you coming on as a RAMSEY personality several years ago and opening up the whole career side of things even further because we had noticed for the years that sometimes when people are looking at money situations, they just need to make more money.


That's exactly right. And we also realize that a lot of career problems cause money problems. There's no question. And a lot of career awesomeness can cause money awesomeness. That's exactly right. You know, it works the other way too. So all, all of these things do fit together folks. And the number of times that we have a debt-free scream and during their debt-free journey, they added income part-time and or got promotions and better jobs, almost 90% of 'em did one of the two or both. Happens all the time. 'cause once people start paying attention, they're paying attention. This is The Ramsey Show.


One of the, the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr. Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant online quotes.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Number one bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose. Amber is in Dallas. Hi Amber, welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hi Dave. Hi. What's up? So me and my husband, we're 34 and we're 35. We don't have much of a retirement. He's got 13,000. I just started mine last paycheck. So I have $400 in there. We have about $49,600 worth of debt and that includes everything except for our mortgage, which is $128,000 left.


Not terrible, but it's at 6.1 two five percent. I've been, I have been, I'm an RN So, I'm able to work extra and I've been working extra since August and we've been able to pay off just under $5,000 worth of debt, which is great. But it, I can't do this forever. I'm, you know, I miss my kids. I miss my husband. So that 49,600 that I'm kind of laser focused on to get rid of and we've dialed back or I feel like we've dialed back everything that we can as far as financially or, you know, monthly.


I'm just not sure how to get ahead because our goals are obviously take, get out of debt, but I also am really concerned about retirement age, which I know is in roughly 30 years. But I don't want my daughter to ever have to worry about what's, you know, worry about me whenever I'm older. I want her to be able to live her life without The best way to be able to retire with dignities to get the debt cleared. So you need to stop putting money in retirement temporarily. Oh, okay. And use all that money to help clear this debt. That's a temporary thing. Okay. 'cause I want you to clear the debt fast so you can get back to having breathing again, a normal life. What's your household income?


While I'm working extra, we, we bring home about 8,500 to 8,800. It kind of depends. rn, it's, you know, funny hours shift differential. What's Your husband Do when I Huh? What's your husband? He's in, he, he's in like a investigator HR position. He doesn't have a degree or anything, but he makes 73 KA year, but he also has to pay 12,000 a year in child support. So whatever that is. So 73,000, minus 12,000 is what we Make. Right. Okay. And so you're making about the same, you're making about 70 or so?


Well, when I don't, when I'm working just normal and I'm not working extra, I bring home about 4,000 a month. Yeah, I'm not talking about bring home, I'm talking about your total household income is probably about 150 to get home with 8,500. Does that sound right? Yeah, that one's about right. Yeah. Okay. Around 80,000. What's the 50,000 in debt on? We have, I have a $5,600 personal loan that's at 13.95%. That was like a loan to pay off. What else? An ugly credit card from my twenties. What else? And, and that behavior's fixed, like I'm not gonna run up any debt. In fact, I, I've used credit, credit cards to repair my credit.


What else? We have a $20,000 car that has 13.95% interest. 12,000 left on my car that has 8%. And then I have about $7,000 in school loans. And it has varying, but they're all around 4%. Okay. And then our, her our home of course 128. Your all's credit is bad. And you got screwed when you bought that 20,000 car. Yeah. Yeah. At that time I had not repaired my credit. Doesn't matter. You got screwed. You have a high interest rate and half of your debt is one car. Yeah, that's true, isn't it?


Yeah. Sell it. I don't know if we can, he, he has a, about a 30 minute commute Monday through Friday. We And, I have, It doesn't require a 30, it doesn't require a $20,000 car to do. A 30 minute commute requires a $5,000 car. Okay. If you had rid of that 14% interest rate, 13 8 5 on a car you couldn't afford and shouldn't have bought and it's half of your debt and you quit putting money into retirement, you're gonna see these numbers start to flip for you, kiddo. It's gonna start to work. Yeah. And he's not looking at this with you, you're doing it by yourself, right?


Oh, no, no, no. We are both very involved. Oh, good. Good. And I. Think we we both just lack that kind of deep financial literacy. Good, good. Okay. Yeah, if you sell the car and you stop the other retirement temporarily and you get detailed on your EveryDollar budget and both of you are looking at that EveryDollar budget and beating the snot out of it, I'm making every, we're not going out to eat, we're not going on vacation. Don't see the inside of a restaurant unless you're working there as your second job. And does he need a second job? Probably you're working one and temporarily let's get this stuff knocked out and let's see how fast I can pay off $30,000 or $25,000 worth of debt making $150,000 a year really fast.


Yeah. I don't know if he could get a a second job. He's, he doesn't get home till 6:00 PM most days. And then on the weekends he has his son he special needs. Okay. Alright. But I, but that's the beauty and the blessing of the career I chose is I'm able to Yeah, But Amber, I I wanna make sure you're grasping the numbers that Dave has given you. Okay. If you remove the car payment plus the actual debt on the car, just what you guys have paid off since August, it's roughly four months you've paid off $5,000. You gotta listen to what Dave said and put real pen to paper right now. Like sit down right now before you do anything else today and run those numbers. If we sold the car and we bought a 5,000 car, what is that monthly raise?


We just got to put towards debt I. Don't think I don't think those numbers have clicked for you. And that's okay. I would run those numbers in a real budget. I think you're gonna be shocked how quickly you're gonna pay that debt off and then you're back to Retirement. Here's what's interesting is you're tired and you find all these reasons things can't happen. That's right. 'cause you don't see how you're gonna get there. That's exactly right. Once you see how you're gonna get there, you're gonna be energized and there'll be no stopping you. Yeah. That's called hope. Power of hope. It's very powerful. And sometimes hope is literally the result of a mathematical equation, what Ken's telling you. And so let's do that. Hang on. I'm gonna put you and your husband through Financial Peace University and put you into EveryDollar and get you guys going because you guys need to sit down.


It sounds like you're like 80% of the way there. You're both on board, which is excellent. Really glad to hear that he's carrying this with you. That's amazing. Okay. That's that, that's very good. You're both, you're willing to work extra. That's amazing. You've identified that I wanna get rid of the debt and we're that, that's amazing. So you, you've got all the parts there. All I'm doing is helping you polish the rough edges off of what you were looking at. And I think that's gonna cause the ball to roll. And then I, the hope's gonna kick in and weird stuff starts happening when you start seeing a way, then you just push your foot their eye down on that accelerator and you bust it.


You bust it. We're gonna make it, we're gonna make it, we're gonna make it, we're gonna do this, we're gonna do this. Get it, get it, get it. Rob is with us in Tampa, Florida. Hey Rob. What's up Dave, how are you? Hi Ken, how are you? Good. How can we help For the purpose of my call? I'm, I, I'm calling. I, I wanna know, I, I know what I want to achieve. I just don't know how to achieve it. If I can give you a real quick background, I'm 67. I'm divorced, I'm retired, I have an IRA, I'm totally debt free. I have an IRA with a 985,000 in it. And I have a brokerage account about one 15 in it. And I have one son, my sole beneficiary. And what I'm trying to achieve, like I said, I'm, I'm, I'm in good health.


I think I have 20 years left in me possibly more. If, if you, you know, if God's willing, I, I wanna know how I can, you know, move some money now where upon my death my son isn't hit with the mandatory required mandatory distribution. Well they're, they're not technically RMDs, but under the secure act that Biden passed, he'll have 10 years to empty a traditional IRA. So he's gonna empty a hundred grand a year and be taxed on it. The way you're sitting today, the way to avoid that is to begin to move some of it towards Roth. And so as you make a pile of money, move a chunk to Roth and write a check.


'cause Roth is required to be distributed over the same 10 years but you can't leave it in there An inherited IRA but there's zero tax on it 'cause you will have already paid the tax. So develop like a 10 year plan to move 900 k plus whatever the growth is towards Roth a little bit at a time to where when you leave him with nothing but Roth instead of traditional, he's not gonna have any problems with taxes at all. 'cause there's not any taxes I did that started that on that process myself about 10 years ago. And, I have zero traditional anything. It's all Roth. This is The, Ramsey, Show


mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This Is a paid advertisement in mls ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


So since we turned on the microphone today, I think all we've done is give stuff away, which is great because we're helping people with this. So if you heard us give away Ken's get clear assessment on figuring out what it is you're passionate about, what it is you're gifted at, and give you some insight into some directions you can go to enhance or even change your career. That's awesome.


The Total Money Makeover book, you know, 10 million plus copies now sold the Baby Steps millionaire's book, all about the baby steps, millionaires and Ken's book, paycheck to Purpose. All this stuff is on sale right now at the Black Friday extended event at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Like $12 books. These assessments are half. So this is like the best deals of the year. So have at it. That's the thing. Do it right now. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or you can click the link in the note, show notes on the podcast or on YouTube.


So Derek is in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hey Derek, what's up? Hey, how are you Better than I deserve. How can we help? Yeah, I just need help. I feel like I'm drowning in debt right now. Okay, tell me about it. So. I have a around 10,000 in a personal loan. 'cause I recently consolidated my credit cards. I had, I was in a abuse relationship and after I got out I found out that they probably racked up close to six or $7,000 in credit card debt in my name without me knowing about it.


And you paid that off And After, after contacting the banks and all that, they said there's nothing they can do about it. Well of course there's something they can do about it. So Wait minute basically lemme stop, lemme stop. Let's find out where we are today. Did you take, because you believe those lying thieving bankers, did you borrow money to pay off debt that was not yours? Because it was done with identity theft Basically. Yeah, because they said not Basically honey, that's what you did. You went and borrowed $10,000 and paid off debt that this criminal fraudulently using your name opened up without your permission and you paid that debt off.


Yeah. Yes, correct. Basically correct. I had, I paid 2000 of it off. No, I'm talking about the $10,000 you borrowed. That's what you used it for. You paid off the credit cards with it. Yeah, I paid off the, the credit cards. And then is There any debt outstanding that the criminal did that you haven't paid yet? No. Dad come it son you got screwed twice. Basically You don't owe that money. Basically. Where my fiance You didn't owe that money. When someone fraudulently, if I take your name and go open up a credit card in your name, you don't owe the money. That's called a criminal act.


It's fraud. That's what identity theft is. They said since they had the credit cards, since I since So I I well followed your show. And I. I thought you said they opened up the card in your name without your permission. Yeah, basically what happened was I had 'em as like the, an emergency fund never used them. And then without really knowing That's different than opening up a card. They took your card that you opened up and used it without your permission. That's different. You understand? Yeah. If you hand Ken Coleman your card and say go use it, you're liable for that.


If Ken Coleman goes and opens up a card in your name without your permission fraudulently signing your signature, that's identity theft. You're not liable for that. Do you understand the difference? Yes. So you handed the fiance your card and they went bonkers with your card. So I didn't even give them the card. That was, that's the biggest thing is Honey, they used a card that was opening your name. That's the point, right? Yes. Okay. Yeah. Alright, so you owe $10,000 and what do you make hun? So right now I make 45 and then in five months I'll be making 55. What do you do?


So? I am a child abuse investigator for the state. That's an irony. Okay. Yeah. And then I have around 7,000 student loans through a, but I'm in the government program right now where if I work for the state long enough, they fully pay those off you. No, you don't even pay 'em off. You don't. It's only $7,000. It takes 10 years to do this. So $17,000 makes you debt free, hun. Is that right? Yeah. Oh Lord. Go get six extra jobs and be debt free by like spring. You're not working by 40 hours. So I work around. So with my job now is, it's a lot of on-call.


And so most days I'm home around nine, 10 o'clock just because of the nature of the job. So you're working 50 hours a week, you're working 50, 60 hours a week for 55 grand. Yeah. No you're not. You're On call. When you're on call you can drive Uber. So with our on call works, if we have to initiate a report, we have to immediately drop everything drive to initiate that report. And there's a lot of times not spending 12 hours in a hospital on my on call days with a kid waiting for a reliever social worker to come and refill it.


And the upside Is alright. So you I mean what you gotta do is you gotta increase your income. You only need $17,000. This should not be overwhelming. Yeah. Sell Something. It's not that much money. You gotta have, I bet you got two grand worth of stuff. You could sell easy. You could work on weekends, you're on call days, whatever those are, you're not working seven days a week. So this is a season where you gotta Come up with you, you clean up the mess. 17 grand is very doable, But you're not a victim. Okay? You handed her the card. Mm. You knew this was going on. The only thing you're a victim of is being engaged to an idiot. And you're not the first one that's ever happened to. So, you know, roll up your sleeves hun.


Get on a detailed tight budget and get as many extra hours as you can, as much extra income. Don't go out to eat, don't talk about vacations. Talk to your supervisor about I'm not working 80 hours. You're gonna have to have some kind of a different plan here. 'cause 80 hours for 55 grand, don't cut it. The work you're doing is very important work and it's very good work. You're taking care of kids who have been messed up. Thank you for doing that. You got a good heart. But also you, you cannot sit and be a victim of 17,000 bucks. Man, I mean seriously. Let me help you with this $2,000 a month and you are done in eight months.


That's all you need. And you make 55 So I. It's, this is very doable. You should be done with this in six months and then have zero debt. But this debt represents all this pain in your life. And so it's like, feels bigger than it is mathematically. It's tiny. Emotionally. It's huge. And that's why you're, you know, you act like it's some kind of big monster. It's 17 grand and you know, no, I'm not staying in student loan debt for 10 freaking years, for $7,000 worth of forgiveness. That probably isn't gonna actually come. 'cause you're probably not gonna cross every t and dot every i a high percentage of people that run that game don't end up with the forgiveness at the end.


So you don't want to get in that game. You wanna get in the game of, I'm gonna knock this out, put it all in the rear view mirror, move forward in health and with, with enthusiasm. Yeah, I, I can feel the stupid text. We've all done stupid every one of us. And that's what you're feeling. You know, this is a breakup. She, she took your card and, and you know, and so you've created this narrative. The way you led the call is that you have been victimized. And, and in all reality, you have it. And, I think Dave is absolutely right. The more you can quickly go, I've gotta get a victory. And I would, if I were you, I would go sell something today if I could sell it for 500 bucks. Or if I could sell five things for a thousand, get a quick win and put a thousand dollars down on this debt.


You need something to get those shoulders back a little bit. And there's nothing wrong with you. You aren't, you aren't drowning in this. This is all a mindset because of what's happened to you and the way it happened. Learn from it. But get a quick victory like happened to this. Don't let life happen to you anymore.


So, quick lesson folks. You need to have Xandr insurance's identity theft in place. I do. Because they will take over an account that is actually identity theft. His wasn't, but actually as identity theft. They'll take it over and they'll deal with the banks. The banks will lie to you and tell you, you, you're responsible for identity theft. You're not when someone else misuses your name, that is criminal fraud. And you are not liable for a debt. When a thief uses your name to open up an account, don't let some banker tell you that. That's bull crap. And you need somebody in your corner with identity theft protection like Xandr Insurance. And that's why we've endorsed them for God a decade plus since this identity theft thing became a thing.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean, but I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


If you live like no one else later, you can live and give like no one else. Oh, this is the season for giving generosity, man. We love talking about generosity. We love encouraging generosity. And one of your favorite shows we do of the year is the Annual Giving Show around Christmas time. And we're gonna be doing that. So we want to hear stories from you about a time that you were able to bless someone or a time that someone blessed you with generosity. You know, the good stories that make your eyes leak and inspire the rest of us to wanna be more generous and be better human beings and all that. Yeah. We're gonna do an entire show of generosity.


It's called The Giving Show that we do. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash ask, put giving in the subject line and tell us a little bit about your story. We'll make you one of the stories we used that day. And that's coming up December the 18th. So you need to get this in. You just got a couple days. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash ask put giving in the subject line. Philip is in Houston. Hi Philip, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So my question is, I I am debating if I should buy a house. I currently own a mobile home that I, it was given to me for my family. And I had it on family land after my divorce.


I kind of had to restart over and after a long le long battle I was finally awarded sole custody of my kids. So my cus my kids are with me full time, but I live on a, on a, in a, in a mobile home right now that I mean. But it's fully paid for it's mines. But I feel kind of a little bit ashamed of it 'cause I know 'cause I make good money and I Feel. What do you make? I make about 86,000 a year. Okay. Alright. And the land that it's on is not yours? It's my parents' parents' land. They have multiple properties in The area. And, and someone gave you the mobile home? Yeah, it's my parents. They, they Have Oh, did, so they had a mobile home sitting on their land and they said, hey, while you're going through a hard time move into it.


Yes. They gave it to me and gave me the title for it and everything. But they did not give you the title for the land? Not for the land, just the mobile home. Right. Okay. Alright. How old are you? I am 35. Okay. All right. Hey, you've been through hell and you, you needed a soft spot to land on. You found a soft spot to land. That's not a bad landing spot. That doesn't mean we wanna stay there, but it's not, it's a nice thing that you're landed there. Okay. Yeah. And And I spent the, since I, I don't really pay, the only thing I pay here is the, the light bill. Again, It's a soft landing spot that's kind of nice. However, it does not take you where you wanna be 10 years from now, 10 years from now.


You don't wanna be owning an ancient rotting down mobile home on someone else's land. So this doesn't project well into the future, even though it's a very nice gift into the present. Does that make sense? Yes. So we can be very grateful to mom and dad. I'm grateful to them. I think what they do is very nice, but it is not your 10 year plan. Okay. Okay. You wanna buy something that goes up in value and you own the dirt. Yeah. That's Your long term plan. There's, There's no reason to be ashamed. There's nothing to be ashamed about. We can, we Much feel that on you and you don't need to feel that way. You've been through a fight Yeah. Through hard time. So your shoulders back here and figure out what do we gotta do to move forward?


But your kids don't care about the mobile home? No, I'm not ashamed of it. That it's a nice thing. It, again, it's not your long term plan. Not because of shame, but just because of math And So I spent the last year kind of just maxing out my 401k maxing out my Roth RIAI was able to save about 22,000 in, in my savings account. The only debt I have is just a truck that I owe about 15,000 on. Write a check and pay it off today. Okay. Now save up a good down or save up a good emergency fund of three to six months of expenses and then start and stop your 401k temporarily and start saving up for a good, strong down payment on a house that's gonna go up in value.


Okay. Alright. Now how much land does your mom and dad have total? I would say about 15. The one I'm on right now is two acres, but they have two acres in different properties here and there. They, they have property manage. They own a property management company. Is this property that you're on adjacent to their home? No. It's a standalone property. Yes. Okay. All right. Well, I mean, just talk to them about if they're in property management, they know that this is not going up in value and that you don't own the dirt. And so mom and dad, I'm going to start saving for a down payment on a home, which means I'm gonna be selling off the mobile home or giving it back to you.


One of the two. What's it worth do you think? I would say about 4,000. It's not a lot. Okay, let's give it back to just give it back to 'em when you get ready to leave. Because they were renting it out before, weren't they? Yes. Yeah. You don't mess up their rental property by dragging that thing off. So just, just when you get ready to leave, just say, Hey, I'm gonna save up money and I'm gonna go buy a house. But thank you so much for letting me land here on your rental property for a little bit. And, I'm gonna give you the title of this back when I leave. Okay. But thank y'all so much and just be very grateful. 'cause you should be, it was a very nice thing they did. Yeah. But it's not your long-term plan that, that it can be both things. It can be a nice thing and not the long-term plan and no shame is in either thing.


Is that okay? Yes. Appreciate that. You're a good guy, man. You making good money. You fought for your kids. You landed in a, you got good family that helped you land in a soft spot. That's nice man. There's a lot of good, there's a lot of good in this story, Phillip. Thank you. And. I. Yeah. I've been blessed. I But you have been in the middle of a dadgum tragedy. You know, you did it. It good. And he saved up 22,000 and he's giving himself a huge pump. Today is today four one K. So he's paying attention. That's right. And now he's gonna get a massive raise when he pays the truck off today. Exactly. Oh, I forgot about that little detail. We want that. It's A big deal. And, and Dave, we got a lot of new people all the time joining in And I. Think this is a, this would be a good refresher here of why we tell people if they're not familiar with the baby steps or they've just joined us in his situation, it's gonna change his life if he actually gets in order and does 'em the right way.


That's why we're telling him to cut it today. Cut the payment today. Write a check. Get rid of the, the truck. Yeah. Well I mean all that money that you're, you're wasting on that truck payment goes to build up savings really fast. And this guy's a natural born saver. Yeah. Partly because He is been through hell and He is real careful, right? Yeah. But, but I mean just accentuated his nature is what it did. And so just lean into that and go, okay, now I don't have a truck payment. Now I don't have a mobile home payment 'cause mom and dad gave it to me. I'm living here for all I got's utilities and I'm making 85 KI gotta feed some kids. And other than that, let's go to town, baby, boom, boom, boom, boom. As fast as he saved 22, He is gonna save 52. That's right. And that's where he gets the house. Yep. Big time. That's the magic of the baby steps right there. Big time.


And, and listen, there is nothing snobbish about a couple of guys in Tennessee being telling you not to do mobile homes. Okay? It's nothing about that at all. It's not, it's not a class warfare thing. It's not anything. It's a simple math thing. They go down in value. When you put your money and things that go down in value, it makes you poorer. Why is this hard? So a mobile home is like a car you sleep in. It goes down in value. And so you don't go buy a $55,000 mobile home and then look up 10 years later and it's worth $10,000 and wonder why you're broke.


People don't do that. Buy something that goes up in value. You're better off to rent. At least you're not losing while you're paying payments. When you pay payments on a mobile home, you're paying the payment and you're losing the value. It's like when you're paying payments on a car and it's going down in value. So, you know, I got a friend that's in the mobile home business, dude, would you quit trashing mobile homes? I say I, don't trash mobile home. It's not a personal thing, dude. It's simple. When you start making one that goes up in value, I'll advertise for you. But until then we're not gonna talk about it. We're gonna, I'm gonna tell people put money, it goes up.


You know, my grandpa said I'll put money. I was bragging about my car when I was in college and he's like, what's that? And I said, well, it's kinda like an investment. And he goes, honey, my investments go up, you know, well, duh. Right? And, and that, that's the thing. So you, you really want to have investments like your personal residence going up in value. And the problem with a stinking mobile home is they set it on a piece of dirt and the piece of dirt goes up in value faster than the mobile home goes down. So it gives you the illusion you made money, you didn't, the dirt just saved you from your stupidity. So don't buy mobile homes. Now, he didn't buy one.


Mom and daddy gave him a whole $4,000 one. This is not a, you know, this is not, they didn't give him the Taj Mahal a mobile homes for sure. But, but that, that's the deal guys. It's real simple. That's why we tell people to do that. Go buy things that go up in value. This is what rich people do. That's how they became rich people. And that's how they get rich. Get richer and the poor get poorer. This is The Ramsey Show Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships.


Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Ken Coleman number one bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose, host of The Ken Coleman Show here on the RAMSEY Networks. He's my co-host Today you jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. The call is free. And some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. James is with us in San Diego. Hey James. What's up? Hi RAMSEY, this is a pleasure to be here. I really, really love what you do for people. And. I. Well Thank you. I'm A little super, I'm super nervous right now, so, Oh, we haven't lost a patient. You'll be okay. What's up So?


I have, it's not, this call isn't for me. I have a, I have a buddy that's very financially literate and they've made some very poor financial decisions over the last few years. And I guess to start with. I guess where to begin is they have right now, currently $37,837 of debt. Their minimum monthly payments for those debts is $1,743. Their gross monthly income approximately is around 100 KA year, plus or minus a couple thousand. They have a mortgage right now. They're behind one month on their mortgage.


It's, so they're currently at $1,500 a month to, well that's what they're behind. Normally it's 1250 with all their, with all their basic household bills. They're looking at around, I think $4,000 a month or $4,500 a month. So my thing for them is they have two kids they've recently had over the last two years and they find a struggle to be motivated to go to their job. Well they go to work, but they allow overtime and he could work more than He is now. But I guess the problem with them is they're just kind of stuck in this hole. They're about negative $700 a month.


So do you have any advice for them? I know right now they're doing 8% on their 4 0 1 Ks 'cause the company matches eight. I am just trying to, you know, help them out if they, if any way I can. I figured that you'd be the first person to call, but I recommended maybe you You're very sweet I. Don't know if you can help 'em. 'cause I don't think they're gonna do it. No, I agree. I know. I agree. But so I'm, I'm gonna give you just a, I'm gonna burn a few calories and try to help you help them 'cause you're a good guy. But I think you're probably wasting your dad gum time. Okay. I understand And I and it's, but it's worth it for me to try. Well, I Mean Yeah, a little bit, but it's not worth it for you to care more than they do about their own life. No, I understand.


So that, that's a boundary. You need to set, you need to walk and get, give us a little drive by. If they pick up the, if they pick up a couple of pieces of information and run, run with it, then you can help 'em a little more. Okay. But if they sit back and go, well, you know, I just don't feel like working. I'm sorry. That one right there just kills me. Okay. I know I'm broke. I have two little kids. I can't make my bills, but I really don't want, I don't wanna miss Yellowstone on the dad gum television. I gotta be home. You know, I mean, come on. Yeah. Get up off your butt. It's, it's 12 hour shifts. So I kind of understand. Oh, you're killing me here. I know, I know. For Me, call the ambulance. Alright, so here's the deal, okay. Alright. Here's the deal. Stop the 4 0 1 case, get on a written budget.


Okay? Stay out the restaurant, take all the overtime you can and sell the expensive car that's in these numbers somewhere. Yeah. So they have two car loans. One is at 7,000, the other's at 15 Ta-da. Then Yeah. Almost like I've done this before. Yeah. Sell the expensive car, stop the 4 0 1 case. Get on a detailed budget. Pick up all the overtime you can pick up. They really, there's nothing wrong with any numbers here. Oh. And before you start, it's before you start paying any extra on your debt, buy food, pay the light bill and pay the stinking house payment. How in the world you are not paying your house payment of 1500 when you make a hundred thousand a year.


These understand people are mentally lazy too. Yeah, it's, it's tough to hear. 'cause I we're, me and my wife are pretty, we're comfortable. Yeah. And it's hard to hear. And they make more than, they make honestly, more than us. Yeah. So I Mean, and we live in San Diego, Their house is not their problem. But dude, you don't get behind on your house payment when you make a hundred K and you have two little babies. Yeah. This is just, are they doing drugs? No. You sure? No, no drugs. I a hundred percent I mean mean It sounds like there's addiction in the house. Maybe it's Three, it's $360 a month for cigarettes. That's an addiction for sure. No, but I mean really. 'cause I don't, they're smoking weed. I don't wanna work much. And I didn't pay my house payment.


You sure they're not smoking weed? Well, the wife has the wife. Oh, okay. Alright. I thought so. All right. Yeah, because THC is like a, it's called an ambition killer. Okay? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Just completely destroys ambition. So they don't smoke weed. There are no ambitious potheads. Okay. Yeah. There are no potheads with extreme work ethic. They don't exist. Right. So this is the problem. All right. This So, yeah, I, I would just say James took a minute, but we got there. Okay. You're Very nice James. You're A sweet guy. James. The best thing you could do is to come to Jesus meeting with this dude. Man. I, man, I just think it's a dude man. Time for you to Grow up. Throw the cigarettes in the pot in the dadgum ditch. You and your wife start acting like grownups. You got babies you're responsible for.


Yeah. Come on man. Adult up. Man up. You're making excuses for him. I hear it. Yeah. Well he likes 'em. He thinks they're sweet. They're probably sweet. A lot of potheads are, but it's just, you know, go, Lee, you've gotta be kidding me. This is just, I know this, this call went Sideways when he said, well there's way you can have this much ill logical stuff going on without, right. Like getting down there. I've done this too long. Right. Many. He doesn't wanna go in and work. Here's the deal. Larry Burett used to say financial problems, including when Dave Ramsey went bankrupt. 'cause he was stupid. The guy I'm talking about right here. Financial problems are not the problem. They're the symptom.


What are they the symptom of? In my case, it was arrogance and the need to look cool and drive a car I couldn't afford and buy crap I couldn't afford with money I didn't have. And build a big real estate portfolio. And, I got rich quick instead of get rich slow because I'm smarter than everybody else. and I was a stupid little snot nose. and I got the tar knocked out of me because I was an idiot and that. So, but it was the, the problems were not the problem. They were the symptom. These people's symp problems are not their problem. They're the symptom. Yeah. Of what's going on in their house. The dysfunction in the household. And that's what you're facing. So, you know, another example of that is we've sadly, with 30 years or 40 years now of working with people with financial problems, we end up spending a lot, and you do with careers too, end up spending a lot of time with people that are recovering from addictions.


And so we don't, we're not addiction counselors. We don't know anything about it. Technically speaking, we've only got 30 years of dealing with addicts because a hundred percent of addicts have financial problems. A hundred percent. You're addicted to porn a hundred percent of the time you're gonna end up in our office where your stupid house and foreclosure, if you don't break that, you're addicted to gambling. Oh, that one will get you there real fast. 'cause that's like money stupid, right? It goes straight to the heart of the thing. You're, you know, you're doing drugs, you're doing cocaine, you're doing alcohol. You a hundred percent of these people. And I was with a buddy of mine the other day. He is been driving for two years. He was doing cocaine, he's doing mountains of cocaine.


He's been off it two years. I'm real proud of him. I said, why'd you quit? And he goes, realize there's no old cocaine addicts. Mm. There you go. Wow. Yeah. But the addiction is the problem. The symptom ends up being the financial issue. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health, plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


It's cyber Monday week. And if you're looking for Christmas gifts that actually make a difference, we've got 'em. Get bestselling books like Breaking Free from Broke Baby Step Millionaires and More for just $12 or audio books for just eight bucks. Now's your chance to give something that'll help your friends and family build wealth, transform their relationships, and find work they love. Visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store today. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. Ben is with us in Dayton, Ohio. Hi Ben. Welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Thank you Dave. Glad to be here. Good to have you, sir. What's up? Yeah, So. I have a question regarding life insurance. So I'm, I'm looking at a policy through Xandr at 10 times my income. And the last variable my wife, And I, need to nail down is the duration of the term life insurance. Now I've taken FPU before, no, you normally recommend 15 to 20 years. But my question if that's is, if that's right for our situation, So I have other context to give there. But I'll let you go ahead and ask what Question. Want why, why would you think it's not?


What is the context? Yeah, so basically over the next 10 or so years, my wife And I, intend to have more kids. So there's a lot of life coming at us in the next 10 years. And, I've heard you mention on the show before that again, life comes in stages. It's not all at once. And you want your insurance to reflect that. So my thought is, does it make more sense if we keep having kids over the next 10 years to get a policy that's 10 years and then at the end of that get one that's 20. Because if I get a policy now that's 20 years our child, that's on the way, she'll be out of the house hopefully at that point. But if we have kids in 10 years, I would need to take out another one.


So does it make more sense to take a shorter policy and then take out a 20 or maybe 25 year policy at the end of that rather than just taking out a 20 year policy Now that I know I will probably end up changing in 10 years. Does that make sense? So your first baby's on the way. Correct. Congratulations. Thank you. Appreciate that. And you're a good dad 'cause you're thinking about how to make sure your kids and your wife are taken care of. Way to go, Ben. Good man. That's the goal. Well done sir. Well done. So you're not gonna mess up. You're doing fine. You can do your plan or you can do whatever. The only thing I'm positive of is you're a bit of a nerd and that's a wonderful thing. I am too, by the way. That's how I recognize it.


And so you're overthinking this. It's not going to unfold the way you've got it in your head. So probably not the, the variable is not the number of kids, the variables. Your income. True. So 10 times your income today is gonna be different than 10 times your income five years from now, or 12 times your income 10 years from now. And so that's what, what I ended up doing. And you've heard this apparently, but I'll repeat it for the everybody else out there. 'cause the way you reflected this back, I know you heard this, I did 15 year policies and then every so often I bought an an every another five years later I bought another 15 year. And then those would fall off at the appropriate time as the liability for the children go down.


So the goal is when the life insurance runs out for you to be debt free and have a large enough nest egg that if you die financially, your wife doesn't care. Okay? So you got a million dollars in mutual funds and you have no debt and the kids are grown and gone. Those are the three things, right? So they're outta college, they're not on mom's payroll in any way if you're gone. And so that's gonna work out, you know, and, and here's the thing as long as you keep your health, you could do your plan or you could do, you know, three different versions of 15 year policies, which is kind of what I ended up doing.


And then I ended up adding one. 'cause we were building a big building and Sharon goes, I don't want to finish that building with my money. I wanna finish it with your life insurance money if you die during the building. So I had to buy one for her just 'cause that's what she wanted. It was SWI Sharon, once, it had nothing to do with financial planning. It was like a Christmas present. And so, but you, you're gonna end up, that's what I mean stuff. I had it all nerd figured out and nothing ever works out the way I've got it figured out when I look back on it 15, 20 years later. So if you do it your way, you're gonna be fine. You're, you're covering your family for 10 to 12 times your income. If you pass away with one or two babies in the house, your wife will have plenty of money to live off of the principle or live off the, the growth of the principle without touching the principal and have replaced your income and she'll be okay.


And you know, and that's not gonna, you know, if you got a 3-year-old and a 1-year-old, she's probably not gonna just sit there and do nothing and play that out for 17 years. Exactly. That way usually doesn't happen. Her life will change after you're gone too. So that there's all these things that happen that are, that are hard to quantify the variables. But the good news is if you've got a good long policy, 10, 15, 20, that's fine. I wouldn't fool with thirties. I don't think they're worth it. But I, I did fifteens, a series of fifteens is what I did. And each time I reassessed, as my income went up, I needed more insurance. I just bought another policy. And then as we got out the back end of the story and we didn't need insurance, they start falling off in five year increments.


'cause I'd bought them in about five year increments is so that's an okay way to do it. What you're talking about similar. And what you really end up looking at is the difference in premium between a 15 and a 20. It's not much difference. And you don't save a lot. And it's not a lot of difference between a 10 and a 15 usually. 'cause I mean you're young and the whole stinking thing's just the cost of a pizza. So if you're young and healthy and if you're not obese and you don't smoke and you're in your twenties, this stuff just doesn't cost anything. And, but those I mean smoking and obesity will run it up. But if you smoke, it's just double. Lemme tell you what, it's it's double.


And, and so, you know, that's the thing. But you know, you guys did the similar stuff, you and Stacy. Yeah, Absolutely. I mean we, but we followed the income. This was the key lesson. The variable is not the kids, it's the income. And so as my income increased, I stayed right on top of that and, and kept changing based on what you've always taught. This was before we, I even worked for you. So that's the variable. It keeps it simple as your income goes up, then look at the policy, Add a little bit more. That's right. And you know, have to cancel the old one and get a new one. That's correct. Just add a smaller one on top of it. That's right. And and that way you've got 'em phased in and phased out. Yeah. And that's an easy way to do it. And Xandr can help Xandr Insurance can help you with all that. They're great and they do a wonderful job. They shop among a bazillion different companies.


They get you the best price guys when you're buying insurance of any kind, particularly life insurance and p and CHH, homeowners and car, always go with an independent broker that will shop among a bunch of different companies and get you the best deal. You don't want one that has a listen, if they have a football player on their advertisement, they're more expensive. So let me help you. Okay. Mahomes and Peyton Manning. Okay. Two of them State Farms, it's super expensive. Right. Somebody's gotta pay for all those dead gum football commercials and it's you boys and girls.


So you State Farm people. That's who's paying for it. So, so You're telling me Jake is not the friend that we think He Is. I'm I'm telling you that if I don't, if I see another State Farm commercial, like back to back to back to back to back every break till I'm about to throw Up. That's true. Oh my God. You can't even watch football for these people. Right. I wish they'd just get back on the fields. So, and play. So we didn't answer. That gonna mean commercials. I agree. And then, oh man, that that painting versus painting, I i, that one drives me nuts. Painting versus painting. I, it it's too much. It's too much. Well it's, it's a walking dad joke. I get it. and I am a walking dad joke. And I. Like, I don't wanna be reminded of my weakness. I Don Dunno my home personally. But I know Payton and he's a wonderful guy and he does have a great sense of humor in general.


By the Way, I wanna point this out because we have a lot of people that, again, brand new coming in, our audience is growing the, the life insurance Xandr is so good at what they do. It is such a pain-free process from start to finish. From the time you call 'em to the nurse coming out and taking your blood to the paperwork. I get to tell you it is, it it, I think a lot of people think, oh, what do I gotta Do? You just say the nurse taking my blood was pain free. I heard you say that loud. It Did say that. They come right to your house. It's simple. Paperwork is easy. I just, I don't want people to know. It is such a easy process. It is comparatively to the Other, to the other stuff in life that you have to take care of it. And it doesn't get more important. But you, you know, like for instance on PNC, if you go to one of the LPs and you shop it Yeah.


On your, on your homeowners and your car, you're gonna save like 800 bucks probably on average. Yeah. Annually over what you're paying on car and homeowners. So, and that's simply because, not because the, they have like the cheapest insurance. It's because in your situation they're gonna look at five or six different companies or eight different companies. They're gonna find the one company in your situation that is the best deal. That's right. And that's what you want when you, when you're an insurance agent and you only sell for one company in the business, we call that a captive Yes. Agent. So a nationwide agent. That's the guy that wrecks everything, right? Isn't that the commercial? Is that nationwide?


I can't even remember now. No, that's all state. See it didn't work. See, the, the ad didn't work 'cause it's not even memorable. Yeah, okay. Yeah. The guy's memorable, but I can't. Yeah. Yeah. So, and, and yeah, that's the Only reason I watch those is 'cause that's kind of fun to watch him destroy Everything. Something. Yeah. Over and over and over and over, over, over and over. So shop, shop don't work with the captives. Shop among a bunch of different, get an insurance broker. That's a different thing. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. And when you sign up for BetterHelp between December 3rd and December 5th, you'll get one month of online therapy free. This is valid for us customers only. Alright. So the holidays are here, and for some folks you're able to stay in and enjoy getting cozy with family and friends. But for millions of other people, the holidays can be a stark experience of loneliness, grief, or painful, even unhappy memories. And for all of us, the holidays are a time of stress, chaos, and change and therapy may just be the next right move. Therapy can be a safe place for all of us to settle in, pause the stress of the season and take care of ourselves. My friends at BetterHelp have made licensed therapy accessible for everyone, making it convenient and affordable to find comfort during the chaos of the holidays. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapist and you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. You just get online, fill out a short survey and you'll get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp and when you sign up at BetterHelp dot com slash delony, between December 3rd and December 5th, you'll get one month of online therapy for free. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony. This is valid for new US customers only.


Hey, George Kamel here. So you're thinking about buying or selling your home. It's exciting, but there's a lot to think about and all those decisions can feel overwhelming. Well, here's the good news. You don't have to tackle the process alone. Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base is the place to find all of your free tools and resources for help to get prepared to buy or sell your home with confidence. You'll find calculators start to finish guides a podcast, and even an in-depth video course hosted by yours. Truly what's not to love. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.


Ken Coleman RAMSEY personality is my co-host,


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by why refi We trust. Why refi? Because they help people who have defaulted private student loans. They refinance with a low fixed interest rate you can't get anywhere else and it'll get you a payment With Chris, for instance, they got his payment down 40%. Wow. Go to y refi.com/ RAMSEY. If you have defaulted private student loans, the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Vanessa in Indiana. I'm a 21-year-old who will graduate college in the spring with my bachelor's degree. How am I supposed to go about getting an entry-level job when they all want full-time experience? I had part-time jobs while in school, but they don't really relate to my career path. Well, I appreciate the question, Vanessa. I've, I've answered this question thousands of times. The answer is it's not entry level if it's requiring a bunch of experience. So what it, it just can't be. So what you do is, is you, you recalibrate and you go, I'm trying to get on rat lung rung of the ladder. Two, three or four And, I need to drop down to the lowest rung on the ladder.


And so if it is by definition a entry level job, then they're not gonna require a bunch of experience. And what happens most of the time is people have their eyes on something a little bit bigger and they go for that and they actually are requiring experience. So how did someone get into that job look lower? I can promise you there is in fact entry level jobs where you do not require any experience. So this is all about reality and patience would be the two words. So that you see the right things. And I appreciate that. You'll want to get something a little higher up the ladder. We all do. And Ken, I think it matters. That's how that works. I think it matters more. I'm thinking about from an employer position when we're hiring, it matters more if, if her degree is in a technical field, then all they wanna know is she can accomplish the technical task.


That's correct. If it is in a broader soft skill field, let's say communications. Okay. And she wanted to go to work in pr. Alright, that's not a tact, a technical, tactical thing or soft skills involved there. I would be more concerned with experience there than I would someone, as a a developer. That's a technical skill. That's exactly right. Okay. So if you got a, if you got a certification as a developer, we might put on the job offering, but we prefer experience. But I'm not gonna, we're not gonna require that as harshly as we would in something where soft skills are involved.


Does that make sense? That's exactly Right. Yeah. And, and and so, so it depends on The field. It depends on the field. So let's take that example. Let's say that you, you have got a degree in accounting or PR or something and you're going for something and, and whatever it is. And they're saying, okay, you don't have any experience even in classes or in summer work. You've not interned, you've not done this. It's not the sky is falling. Then you simply go, okay, great So I need to go get that. And So I might need to go do, go get two pa part-time jobs or a part-time job. And I've gotta get some intern experience, And I get that basic level experience. And so now all of a sudden I have checked that box. And the other thing that comes into play is that's just something an employer sometimes will put on there as almost a screen.


Yes. And would, would they necessarily never hire someone with zero experience? That's not true. They would in certain circumstances. That's right. Because all they're trying to figure is, can you do the job? Yes. And you point Out so, and somebody principle could help that. It can And I think you also, yeah. And so the proximity principles where I've got people that are in that industry who I've spent some time with and now they're gonna open up some doors. But I wanna go back to what you just said and that's gumption. I think you're absolutely right. Here's what I would say to someone coming outta college. If they say you need experience in communications or you need experience with problem solving, you know what I would do? Instead of saying like this young lady said, and I'm not knocking her my part-time jobs didn't have that experience.


You know what I would do? I would look back into my high school and college experience. And, I would say, you know what, I was in charge of the yearbook my senior year at a large public high school. And as the student editor, I had to solve problems all the time. I'm not saying you're gonna get the job because of that answer, but there's the gumption point they're looking for. Do you want this? Are you hungry? And can you say, realistically, I solve problems. You have objection point poise. Right? But if you say I solve problems by doing this, we had deadlines. But If you look down and go, well kick sand. Right? I don't have I. Don't know. Yeah. I apparently don't have any. Yeah. Well you just managed to get a four year degree that was like you pushed through something.


There you go. There's just more transferrable experience than people realize when you're sitting in these job interviews, they wanna see that you can think on your feet that you've got some gumption to say, I believe I can do this job. That's what they're looking for. Yep. Because they're gonna train You. You're making a sale baby. Yeah. And you're the product. Yeah. Damon is with us in Des Moines, Iowa. Hi Damon, welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hi. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Oh, had a question. My employer has offered me to buy into 10% of our company. I'm a an electrician with a small company just outside of Des Moines, Iowa.


I'm on baby step two now. My wife And I. We both make about 110,000 together. We, let's see, I just didn't know if I should continue the baby steps, which like I said, I'm on baby step two or if I should direct my focus onto trying to get 10% for a hundred thousand dollars is what I is how I would get that 10% And I wasn't for sure if I should put my focus towards getting some ownership into the company to where I can No, you should look at your boss and say thank you for your kind and generous offer.


But I'm in the middle of getting outta debt right now. And so my wife And I have to focus on that. I'm so sorry. I can't do it. And let me tell you why. Okay. A hundred thousand dollars for 10% of that company is, you said it's a small company and yet, and yet you just valued it at a million dollars. Yes. And I don't, like I said, I don't have all, I don't have all the, all the numbers on the company yet. He just kind of gave, I don't either. How many employees does it have? We have 10 employees. I know this year he had told me that we're on track to 1.4 million and last year we did 1.7 million with a couple.


How old? How old are you? I'm my wife. And. I are 25. Okay. Do you wanna work for him for the next 10, 15 years? Yes sir. I do. I I actually used to live in the city. I've worked with companies that have, you know, three, 400 employees, And, I really enjoy the rural life. And, I really enjoy. So here's the deal, that opportunity will come back around if it is a good opportunity. I'm not sure it is, but it'll come back around later. Number one, I think it's overpriced. Yeah. Number two, let me teach you something about small business purchases. Okay? What you are purchasing there is called a minority interest. Meaning you do not have at least 51%, meaning you don't have control.


You follow me? Yes sir. Okay. And so you have absolutely zero power with your stock. Zero. So boss man can decide to run this thing in the ditch and suddenly your 10 percent's worth nothing and there's not a stinking thing you can do about it. So you do not buy minority interests in small businesses, period. And number one, for any price, if he wants to give it to you, fine as a bonus, that's okay. But no, we're not gonna give him a hundred thousand dollars. And you have zero control over anything in the company.


Your vote means nothing. 'cause he, he holds all the cards. You follow me? He can, he can go, he can go deeply in debt, he can develop a cocaine problem, he can do whatever. And then in squat you can do about it. And your a hundred thousand is gonna become more zero if any of those bad things happen. And sometimes those bad things happen, not all the time, but sometimes they do. So don't do minority interests in small businesses, period. And, I. Think this one's overpriced. And Damon, you're in debt. So just be kind and generous to him and say thank you for your kind offer. I'm honored to be working here. I'm gonna continue to work and plow the field like I'm supposed to.


And we'll, we'll revisit this discussion later when I would just buy the whole thing from you or something. But for right now I'm getting out of debt and my wife And I are gonna have to focus on that. That's what you should do sir, this is The Ramsey Show.


It's cyber Monday week. And if you're looking for Christmas gifts that actually make a difference, we've got 'em. Get bestselling books like Breaking Free from Broke Baby Step Millionaires and More for just $12 or audio books for just eight bucks. Now's your chance to give something that'll help your friends and family build wealth, transform their relationships, and find work they love. Visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store today. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Ken Coleman RAMSEY personality is my cohost today. thank you for joining us America. It's a free call at eight eight eight two five five two two five. Folks, 100% of the people that do anything successful do it as an act of intentionality. Success is not an accident. It's not random, it's not a lightning strike. And it's not a DNA issue. He's a born leader. No, He is not. I've been to the hospital. They always say it's a boy. It's a girl. They never say it's a leader. Leaders are developed.


It's a series of intentional acts. You learn the character qualities and processes of leadership if you wanna be a leader, a successful one. He was born a great husband. No he wasn't. Ask any wife ever. There's no such thing as a born great husband. They have to be developed. I'm not sure if you ask many wives, they'll say there's such thing as a great husband. Yeah, there is. Hey Now Yeah there is. My wife's got one. So there you go. Self-described. I love that because Of the humility you all, but yeah, but the, so anyway, the, So the thing is, is winning with money is an intentional act. You have to tell your money what to do because broke people always wonder where it went.


Rich people tell their money what to do and they have a plan. Broke people. Thank God it's Friday. Oh god, it's Monday. I sure hope it all works out. I sure hope Trump will fix my life. 'cause Biden didn't. Trump isn't gonna fix your life, honey. He's gonna do a bunch of crap. But fixing your life isn't any of it. I can tell you that. It's not his job by the way. It wasn't the guy before him job. The guy before hims job the guy before him. It's your job. So on paper, on purpose, you tell your money what to do. That's called a


budget. If you want help doing that, the world's best budgeting app is called EveryDollar. It's in the app store for free or the Google Play Store. Get it and download it. Put it on your phone and start making your money behave. It's an intentional act. Boys and girls,


Brian is with us in San Antonio, Texas. Hey Brian, welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Hello RAMSEY team. It's a pleasure. Pleasure sir. How can we help? Well, I just wanted y'all's take on making sure I'm not crazy and considering an $80,000 new car, a Tesla model S Cool, nice car. Yes sir. Alright, so what do you make? Well I make $360,000 a year. Cool. What's your net worth? I've got without the house included. No house is part of your net worth. What's your net worth? Okay.


About 1.2 million. Okay. Alright. You got the cash to pay cash for it? I do. Okay. Buy it. Okay. Lemme tell you what I lemme tell you the, the rule of thumb I use on this. Okay? Yes sir. The reason I ask you those questions, we tell people not to buy a brand new car unless they've got at least a million dollar net worth ding checkbox. Okay? Okay. Because new cars go down in value, including Teslas. Right. They don't go up, they go down and you can't afford a depreciating asset that's brand new when you drive it off the lot that sound Blum blump when you go over the curb was 10,000 bucks. Okay? Right? That's what it is, sir.


You gotta be able to, you gotta be able to choke that down and you can choke it down and you don't buy new unless you got a million dollar net worth. You do. Okay? Second thing is don't buy depreciating assets. Things with motors and wheels in your case, wheels all added together that equal more than half your annual income. You make 360, we're buying 80. That's less than half your annual income. I'm assuming the other car, if there is one, is not, you know, not a $200,000 car. So you're probably okay. Yes sir. Okay. Yes. So paid off because you don't want too much of, too much as a percentage of your income invested in things that are going down in value. Again, same thing. So like I got a friend that made 15 million last year and he bought a 428,000 car.


That kind of blows my redneck mind. I have my, he how have a hard time getting my head around that, but it's a very small percentage of his income. It's like most people buying a biscuit. Right. And so, yeah. It's not gonna hurt his finances at all, even though, you know, we, you know, jealous people say stuff like, well no one should ever. Right. Well you, that's, that's what jealous people say. No one should ever. So you got, if you made 15 million last year, you can afford a 400,000 car. It's that simple. You made 360, you can afford a 80,000 car, you got a million dollar plus net worth you can afford to buy a brand new car. That's how I, and you're paying cash. You're not gonna borrow money. That's the three things I was looking for. You, you checked all three boxes.


Yeah. And hey, he's done it the right way. And so this is, he's he's had to wait. That's the other thing that when, when, when Dave walks through those, I'm just glad George and Rachel are on the air with their little Teslas. Oh geez. Yeah. 'cause I would've had to put up with the Tesla stuff telling a guy to buy a Tesla. 'cause there's no chance I'm doing that. But those two both are Tesla drivers. So you just, Batteries, Even if they came out with a really cool looking one, you they're, they're, They're, they actually are a cool car. I just, I need, You wanna Smell, I need, I need like an app for it that makes some muffler sound. Right. Because redneck needs a loud muffler and that's just all there is to it. They Do that. You know, they have these cars. Do they really? Yes, absolutely.


But I don't think it's enough for you. No, it's not. I think You wanna smell. I still know I'm sitting on a battery. You like the Hint of petrol in the air? That's it. That's, you wanna smell that you're driving. That's it. Actually, I'm trying to help the planet. Well I mean the planet gets destroyed by making those batteries more than me driving my raptor. I could tell you that. Oh, So you're green? Is that what I'm Hearing? That's it man. I'm, I'm, I'm totally, I'm I'm down with the green, right? She's exciting. Not at all. But yeah, She's very exciting Man. It's funny. I don't care what you say. Open phones at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Fabian is with us in Los Angeles. Hi Fabian. how are you Doing? Good sir. I just wanna say first Bob, be my future and wife And I binge watch your show.


We bought your books and I'm currently on baby step two and we appreciate you very much. Well thank you sir. How can we help you today? All right. So, I need you to do that thing that you do where you pretend like I'm your son and if I'm making an overall good career choice, I wanna be able to switch careers. I feel like I always in my twenties going on ventures. What are you doing now? What do you wanna switch to? So? I, the last two years I did con project management and construction blueprints, And, I really like that. I've been doing restaurants for 10 years. I went back to it because it was a venture with a startup company that went downhill. So, I backtracked and went back to what I was good at.


So yeah, doing restaurant for 10 plus years and construction blueprints to permit for two years, the past two years. So You wanna go from restaurant management to this construction blueprint stuff? Yes sir. Okay. So what's the question? Do you think the construction industry is a good career path? Absolutely. And. I? Yes. And then how do I make this switch over? 'cause I never went to school for it, but I learned how to like work with, Does it require, does it require, if I were to hand it to you today, does it require a college degree to do what you wanna do? The answer's no.


Project managing read a blueprint. Most people doing it don't have a college degree. There's a few people have a construction management degree, but almost none in the business. Sounds like you've already got enough experience to get in the industry. So the question is, can you get back in it and make the kind of money you need to make? Yeah. And out Then do it. I get, yeah, So my advice is this. Keep working in the restaurant business until you land the job doing what you want to do. And so there's no interruption of income. This is not scary. If we do it methodically and we're patient and we don't stop working And that's, that's the Hey The guys you used to work at the startup, the construction business startup before, where are they working?


It was a remote company. It was, Were any of them local? Yes. Some, some of the projects were local. Yeah. Find out where those guys are working. They may talk, they may talk nice about you and help you get a job there. Oh, You mean like the, the Guys you used to work with in the construction business, find out where they are. That company was a startup and went down, you said? Yeah. Now go find those guys and run that to ground and they'll get the door open for you and you can get going. Yeah, but you don't. Yeah. Go. You need to go do this man. Absolutely. You've go do it. You've Done it. You've already done it. So you know where it'll look. Start looking. Absolutely. You got this walk out there on the job site. Start talking to people who's hiring.


I know how to do this. I'll help you and just walk in there and start reading blueprints and project managing. You know how to do it. It's, it can be done. You really, you, you already know. You don't have to have a degree 'cause you've already done it. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba a bing, ba a boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.