
Live, From, Nashville, Tennessee. this is The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by my good friend George Campbell. And we are talking everything, money and building wealth and doing work that you actually wanna show up for. Talking about your marriage, your relationships, your mental and emotional health, whatever you got going on in your life. We're here for you. Triple eight, eight two, five five, two two five. That's 8, 8, 8, 8. two, five, five, two, two five. We're taking your calls live. There's no net. It's just you and me and George and millions of our closest friends When you put it that way, John, it is a little Frightening. Nah, nah. We have Kelly Daniel producing today. So I think we're in good hands.


I know Grandpa is outta the building and fun Ant is here. That's awesome. Very cool. All right, let's go out to San Diego, California and talk to Alexander. Not the great but just regular Alexander. What's up dude? Hey, how's it going gentlemen? Good. What's Up man? Yeah, so currently on a military training exercise and I'm just going over like my fan finances and stuff like that and I came across the baby steps and just really revamped my whole envisioning about like, you know, my finances, trying to get my life back on track. I'm under 30 years old, married to amazing wife. And my question is just trying to handle unity and transparency in the household when comes to finances and trying to get on the page.


Yeah, that's basically my question. So do do me a quick favor, talk directly into that microphone. So you're, you're telling me you found the baby steps, you stumbled on us on one of the Internet's channels and it's ringing a bell with you and you want to know how you can be more transparent and united with your wife when it comes to money conversations. Is that right? Yes sir. Okay. Where are you not transparent and where are you not feel united when it comes to your money? So I feel like we're on the same page. We go over our finances, we talk about how we want to change and we're both on the same page. It's just the fact that of when it comes to holding each other accountable and going over finances, if one of us expends too much money on certain things, my wife for example, I would confront her about it and then she would make the statement of she works and that she wants to be treated like a child.


But I want us to just be on the same page and worry about the future rather than, you know, the now moment and I'm trying to get us out of debt and I just feel like we're not on the same page. There you go. I was wondering like yeah, are there methods like kind of be like, Hey babe, you know, I'm thinking about the future. Yeah, there are here, here's a personal question. Do you treat her like a child? Only when it comes to things I'm passionate about. There you go. And I just Feel like go, so her, her accusations to you are, are right. My guess is you come at her, y'all have a mission, you have a plan, you've got a military brain and you know how to succeed in, in this operation.


It's Black and white. Do this. And if you don't, you didn't do this, you failed. Right? We failed the mission. We failed the mission. There we Go. And for her, she's like, let's just go ahead and get guacamole while we're out. And you see that as mission failure. And she's like, dude, what do you do? Right? So you're not gonna like my answer. You, I can make up something or I can just tell you the straight up truth, which one you want. You can tell the straight up truth. Oh Dang it. I wanted you, I was so excited for the alternative. You can make up something and then tell me the truth. How about that? Alright, I'll just go straight with truth. All right. I'm gonna over gender this. And that's not fair 'cause it's not applicable to everybody. It just tends to be the way we hear this on the show and you are this to a T and it's not a bad thing.


It just an is this money situation, this getting outta debt, this building wealth as a family. It's got a plan. It is an A, B, C, D or actually it's a steps one through seven. That's a solvable problem. It's an, it's about discipline and let's just knock this thing out for your wife. There is emotion with the spending with the life. I wanna live the way I want this thing to feel. This this ride you and I are taking on forever together, having to deal with loneliness while you're out on training or out on deployment. The looking around and making sure our family is feels okay, feels right.


Right? And so I want you to sit down tonight, take her out somewhere nice in San Diego and she's gonna say, oh, I thought we were on a budget. And you said, I'm just pausing it for, for one meal. And I want you to take her out. Yeah. And I want you to put your spreadsheet 'cause I know you knucklehead. I've already put this in a spreadsheet. And I want you to what, however you've mapped it out, I want you to put it on the table. And I want you to say, this was me trying to love you and I'm sorry 'cause I I was wrong. And then I want you to look at her and say, I am scared to death about our financial future. I'm nervous that I'm not providing enough. I'm nervous that we're gonna be 35 years old and we're not gonna have enough money in the bank.


I'm nervous about kids we have yet or don't have yet. And them going to college. I'm, I'm scared to death about all of this. Yeah. I don't know how to best walk alongside you and I feel like you don't hear me. So how, teach me some language where I can communicate because, 'cause when I come at you and I'm like, you spent money and you did this. And then she feels like, oh, I'm getting parented, which makes her, yeah. Wanna spend more money. Right? Here's, here's the magic word that you're gonna hate. You gotta be vulnerable and tell her what you actually feel. Okay. And You have had that trained out of you appropriately. So, but you have to do that in this situation.


'cause she's not responding to your charts and graphs. She will respond to your heart. Mm. That's beautiful. Is that fair? Yeah. I appreciate that a lot. Thank you. So What does underneath the charts and the graphs and the money and the, I wanna drive nicer cars and finally be able to buy a house in San Diego, California underneath all that practice with me. What's your heart on this deal? What scares you? Honestly, like you to a tee. I feel like I'm 27 and I'm just now educating myself on all this. And five years from now, I just wanna be able to provide and be the man that, you know, I didn't have grown up as a father figure, just like in the house and take care of my wife.


Now we're talking, if she hears those words, it's gonna change her entire attitude toward this plan. And if you couple that with, Hey, yes sir, I wanna make this fun. I don't wanna make this feel like bootcamp. What would make this fun for you? What are some things we can do to celebrate the wins? Maybe she's in charge of the visual graphs and things we can fill out on the color charts and we celebrate every thousand bucks we pay off. Remind yourselves of the why of why you both agreed that this was the right path. And think about where you're gonna be five years from now and how grateful you'll be for the choices you made day to day. Do you get, do you get worked up? Yes sir. Do you have like a, when you get fired up, do you get pretty worked up? I never stress out. Okay. I just You mean by that?


No, no, no, no. I mean, I'll just say it this way 'cause we're getting up against the clock. Oh. Like passionate. I don't yell and I don't scream. That's just not how I roll. but yeah, George will tell you, my wife will tell you when I get fired up about something, you can feel the nuclear reactor in my chest. You can feel it. Yeah. And the words in my house that changed everything was when I told my wife, I just want, I want us to find peace in this home. I want this to be a place that both of us can't wait to get back to After a trip. Yeah, after work, after whatever. What must be true for us to want to come back here. And for me, for my wife, both of us, thankfully it was not owing anybody anything.


I'm not bringing any extra baggage through the front door every day when I get there. And so it might be, I wanna get outta debt. Cool. Why dude? 'cause I wanna come home and laugh. I wanna come home and hug. I wanna come home and decide are we making out tonight or are we gonna the movies tonight? Like what are we doing? A boat? Like we get to decide that not coming home with a, as a ball of stress. Talk to your wife from your heart, not from your spreadsheet. And say the magic words. I was wrong. I love you.


I've got some good news and some bad news. The good news is that people have started buying life insurance to protect their families at levels not seen since the 1980s. The bad news is many of them are still buying crappy cash value type plans. I don't care what you call them. Whole life, universal, variable, adjustable, flexible, they're nothing but a waste of your money. Don't be confused and let someone sell you a plan that sounds better than it really is. Look, term life is the only way to go. Rates are back to all time lows. And the process to apply is easier than ever with many companies no longer requiring exams. You need to protect your family and use your money for as much smarter things than investing in a rip-off cash value insurance policy. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 and just compare pricing. You'll see why these are the only plans I recommend. Take care of your family and do it in a smarter way.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony joined by George Campbell. And I want you to stop what you're doing 'cause I'm about to ruin the image and the style that you're used to. I remember that song. Hey, listen, don't miss your chance to join us on the live like no one else. Cruise. The cruise, a seven day cruise. There's gonna be Kool-Aid everywhere because this is Ramsey. People like in the cult people. It's gonna be the greatest cruise of all time. Seven day cruise with all the stops throughout the Caribbean, the ultimate debt-free celebration. You're gonna be on board with me, George. All the personalities, Dave, Lots of special guests, Fancy comedians, musicians. It's just gonna be rad. We're gonna be going all over the place. We're taking over the entire ship, the whole ship. We're gonna church and Caicos St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas. Come on. Pretty mama. Wow, There was a lot going on there. But we're gonna to key Largo or Montego. That's the next cruise. Hopefully. Hopefully. When's It happening, John? It's gonna happen March 22nd through 29th. 2025. Which means you got time to plan. Time to budget. Well here's what's awesome. Time To get your deposited. This is for people who have paid their debts off. Yes, they have their fully funded emergency fund. And all you have to do is put down a $600 deposit so you don't have to put the whole cabin down and all that kind of stuff. $600 deposit. Just seriously do it right now. Tell your family we've got spring break taken care of this upcoming year. You never plan anything. You never do anything. You always make me plan everything. I got you honey. 600 bucks. Put it down right now. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. The cabins will sell out. This whole thing will sell out. The last time we did this, it sold out and then we had the cots and now we're bringing it back. So the thing's gonna sell out. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. Just put down your $600 deposit right now. Tell your whole family how much you love them. You've already taken care of spring break and let's get this thing sold out and off to which one of these places are you most happy about? I think Turks and Caicos just sounds the fanciest to me. I've been to zero of these places. Exactly. Yeah. Anything's fancy to me. Yeah, because I've never been on a cruise in My dogs. I went to Arby's the other night, I just stopped for a minute and took it all in. I was Like. this is a nice place. Yeah. I'm excited just to get to go on this cruise. Exactly. And you're gonna have provide some entertainment. I heard you're gonna be doing all the guitar solos from your favorite songs. Just the solos. No backing music. I heard you're gonna be in the corner like doing standup jokes. I'm actually thinking about it. That might be one reason to go. You should say that off air so that people will actually put down their deposit. That's fair. It's gonna be tough. Maybe we'll do a, a comedic duo. We'll be like a Steve Martin, Martin short thing. It's probably not gonna happen. Okay. That won't happen. But I think it could be great. It could be great. We'll do that in in The Bahamas. Why there?


Okay, let's go out to Alberta Canada and talk to Jesse. What's up Jesse? Hi there. Thanks for taking my call. Of course. What's going on? So me and my husband have paid off $200,000 in debt in the past two years. Amazing. What'd you sell? Pardon? Did you sell something? Well, I sold one house, but so I'm still, we still have four mortgages. So we still have about $240,000 in debt with our four houses. Okay. And I'm wondering what you would recommend how to go about this.


Like what plan of action should we take? So you've got your primary home. Does that have a mortgage on it? Yes. I owe 80,000 on our primary home. Okay. And then you've got some rental properties. What are these? Yep. So we have three rental properties. One owing 26,000, one owing 55,001 owing 81,000. Okay. And you have no other debt? No other debt. Wonderful. Okay. Well your smallest one at 26. Now you don't really follow a debt snowball per se when it comes to mortgages unless it just works out that way. So generally we would say, hey, pay off your primary first.


That's when that's where you put your head down. I wanna have less risk there. But since you have 26 on one of the rentals, you could knock that one out, freeing up a payment, and then tackle the next one and then tackle the next one. Because my guess is you pay all this off in the next two years, Two and a half years. How much money do you make? How, like how much money are we making on the properties or personally, How much, what is your take home income? Like what's, what's on your, on your tax, your tax, tax return? Well, I'm on maternity leave right now, but when I was working prior to that, I made before taxes about 225,000. And my husband was about 150 I think.


What will you make this time next year? Will you be back to two five? I'm probably about 150. You'll be at a 50 for For me. And then Yeah, and then he'll probably be around, yeah, that 120 mark or more. Okay. So let's say you're, you're bringing in 300,000. Could you still throw a hundred thousand to a year toward your debts like you have been? Yeah. There we go. Yeah. So either way this plan is done. So think we shouldn't pay. You shouldn't pay what? Yeah. So you think we we shouldn't sell one of them to pay off. I Would. Oh. I mean, if one of them gives you a headache, sure. But because you could pay all this off in two and a half years. If you said we love them all, we want to keep them, we're gonna knock it out in two years, we'd say, all right, fine.


But if one of them you don't, you know, choose your least favorite and sell that one. And It speeds up this whole process. And that's what you, okay Jesse? I, I have had the fortune over the last four years since I started working at Ramsey to actually spend time around real estate people. And they're nuts in all the best ways. You don't sound like a real estate person. I actually do sell real estate. Oh, You do? Yeah. So you sell it? I sell it. And I like, I bought my first property when I was 19 and I just started buying them. So we had five and then I just sold one. Oh, you're the first real estate person I've ever talked to that it doesn't feel like we have to pry a property from their fingers.


What John is saying is, you're levelheaded, Jesse. Well thank you. Maybe You're a medicated real estate Person. So is there one of these that like, it's been a real burden, it's not been fun. The tenants that we've had issues, it's not cash flowing very well. Is there one of those you go, Hey, we could sell this one, use the net proceeds and start to pay all these off. Okay. And then maybe invest in something bigger is what we're hoping because we're thinking maybe if we sell one we'll get into more of the Ramsey mindset. Well, let's Pause then we'll be able to, let's buy an apartment building. Well, let's all of the, let's pa let's knock out all of the debt first. And then from there on out, we're gonna attempt to pay cash. Yes.


Because think about all of those properties. Cash flowing with zero debt attached to 'em. How quickly could you stack up along with your amazing income? How quickly could you stack up? 300,000. 400,000. Yeah, a few years. And so I think we, we pay all these off and then we go slow. So lemme ask you this on that, on the house that you owe 80 on, what is, what's the equity in that home? What's It worth? So on our personal home, it's, we could sell it for probably 300,000. What about the other rental home that you owe? 80 On The other one about probably 2 89. But I would want to sell the one that we owe 55 on if I was to sell any of them.


Okay. What's the equity accrued on that one? We could probably sell that one for 150. Okay. So you'd probably net somewhere around 80 a 90. You're selling that one. And then you could use that to sell off, you know, to pay off your primary, instantly freeing up your mortgage payment. Okay. And then almost paying off the one that you owe 26 on and with given, given your, your take home income, you would pay that, that 26 off that month too. So if you sell the house that you owe 55 on, that pays for essentially that and a little bit more of your take home income pays for your primary residence in the 26th. And then you and your husband shake hands. Y'all high five each other and y'all go scorched earth and pay this other one off.


So Pretty much in one year you will have Three paid four houses. Three Paid four properties. One of those one you live in. Yeah. That's a great feeling. And a lot of cashflow. Oh yeah. On top of your incomes going up in the future. So that's where I tell you pay cash in the future. Reduce your risk, increase your peace. Go slow. You're doing amazing. Awesome. Well thank you so much. Absolutely. You got it. You got it. You got it. All right, George. God bless Canada. I Was wrong on that one. Why were you wrong? She just didn't sound like a real estate Person. That's, that is fair. Usually they're a little bit more, they're defensive and starry-eyed about why they should keep everything and get more and get more. Right. And she was saying, I want to reduce, She asked the question, should I sell one? I just have never heard a real Estate person.


Real estate people never wanna let go. No. I've heard Dave talk about selling two or three of his children before he would sell his his homes. He Does love his real estate. Yeah, He does. Hey, triple eight, eight two five five two two five. this is The Ramsey, Show money, work relationships, your mental and emotional health. We're taking calls. Give us a shout. We'll be right back.


Don't rely on politicians or the healthcare system to do what you can do for yourself. We teach personal responsibility on The Ramsey Show. And that's why I'm excited to tell you how you can take your family's health into your own hands. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company, I got mine. And I can tell you this is not some rinky-dink first aid kit with band-aids. It comes with real prescriptions prepared by leading doctors to treat over 30 common illnesses. This kit can treat infections like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and bronchitis because you have the prescriptions on hand, like a z-pack, amoxicillin or ivermectin. And if you start your meds faster, you get well faster. The kit gives you peace of mind. No doctor visits, no pharmacy lines, no copays. Wellness company medical emergency kits help put you in control of your family's health. So go to urgent care kit.com/ramsey, answer a few online questions and get your kit rushed to your door. Use the promo code Ramsey for a 15% discount at checkout. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey promo code Ramsey.


This is The Ramsey Show triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm John Delony joined by George Campbell. Don't forget, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruz. Let's sell it out today. Let's sell out today. Put your $600 deposit down, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruz. Let's go out to Wilmington, Delaware and talk to Chloe. Hey Chloe, what's going on? Hi, how are you today? I'm good. And you? I'm doing well. Awesome. What's up? So I am on baby step two. I have about $17,000 in federal student loans. this is the last of my debt that I have to pay off.


And in, in October I'll be eligible for my works loan repayment program. They would give me potentially, potentially up to $10,000 per year. I would have to apply each year. And in exchange I'd have to agree to stay there for three additional years. Wow. So my question is, do I just stay at my job and go through this program and potentially have the loan paid off in maybe two years? Or do I attack this debt the same way I attacked my other debt? What do you make? $85,000 a year.


Okay. Before tax. So you could knock this out. Let's just play it out. Two scenarios. One is you knock it out on your own and you're done with this within what I'm gonna give it eight months. You could pay this off making 85 with that being your only debt. Definitely. Yeah. Now here's the, here's the upside of that. You are free to move about the country if you find a better job. If you've got a toxic boss, if things go down at work, you can just leave. Or here's the upside, you basically get a $10,000 raise temporarily, but you're on the hook to basically stay there in the next five years. Right. That part scares me. I don't know. There's enough reward here for the risk involved to have the golden handcuffs.


That's one man's take. George, As George just said, that I, I puckered up like what's three years of your freedom worth? Right? So I'm not saying it's a terrible Deal. That's not rhetorical. You tell me like, what do you think? If you love this job and you never wanna leave and it's all good and great and wonderful and grand, maybe that's a risk we're taking, Honestly. Yeah. I don't, I I don't have a desire to leave right now. I could see myself here for a long time. I'm feeling pretty comfortable with everything. But again, And, what if, you know And, what if you get a headhunter who goes, oh my gosh, Chloe's amazing. We'll pay you 125,000 a year. And you go, ah, I I can't leave.


Or your new boss goes, Hey, a headhunter just called and they're gonna pay me 250 grand. I'm out. Here's, here's the new boss, Dan. And Dan like eats a lot of Cheetos and he has braces and he is 44 and he's gross. And that's your new boss. Right? Right. So who knows? I I I guess this this I've learned the hard way over the years that the one thing I won't sell is time. Okay. I'll, I'll, well That's puts it in perspective. So like when I took this job, if I quit today, I, I can't go start another show Right. For x number of of years. Right. I signed that, I signed a non-compete here.


But that is to not do this particular thing. It doesn't lock me into staying here. See what I'm saying? Right. But if man, Yeah, I see what You mean. That's a gamble you take, how much have you paid off? About 5,000 in credit card debt and then another 6,000 in private student loans. Great. How long did That take? And I owned my car. So How long did it take? That Took about six months. I, I got really serious in January, so Seven. So my math was right. Eight months folks, intensity. Probably closer to seven. Now that you're gonna get aggressive, you could just knock this out and be free. Yeah. I think that makes sense. Chloe dude, it just do gangster.


It just feels baller, dude, to just, I just don't think It's eight months and it's mine and you don't owe three Years mine. If it was like they're gonna forgive a hundred grand and I need to stay there a year, I'd probably be like, all right, I can stick out with What Yeah. No matter what do that. So I don't want to villainize this. It's a nice benefit, but I just don't think the juice is worth the squeeze on this one. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. I I appreciate that. That definitely gives me a different perspective on it. Excellent. Excellent. That's what we're here for. And George, I'm trying to play this out. So if I owed $50,000 Nope. 'cause that would be three years for Every, they're paying off 10 KA year. Yeah. Yeah.


And each 10 k owes you three years. That's A lot. That's why I don't know if it accumulates, I'm guessing is you just have to stay three years beyond whatever they forgave. Yeah. It's a $3,300 raise a year. I, But I don't know. I just feel like I can go 10 K with a side hustle. That's right. And not have to be time down. I was just thinking I can make 33 a year. Right. 'cause that's what the payout is. It's a $3,300 a year raise over three years. That's basically what that is. And I would go, you can Uber that. It's Not really a gift. It's kind of like a loan with strings attached and if you follow our thing then you don't have to worry about it. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know. There's just too many. I don't like all the rules and restrictions here. No, thank You. Rules and restrictions apply. Let's go out to Philadelphia where I was born and raised on the playground.


I spent most of my days. Let's talk to Tom. What's up Tom? Hey John and George, thanks for taking my call. You got it. What's up brother? So I'm looking for some guidance. I'm 33 married, we have two kids and hopefully we'll have another in the springtime of next year. We're currently in baby steps 4, 5, 6, and seven. Now the one thing is the house we're in, we will be looking to upgrade sometime in the near future. So I'm just wondering, would it be best giving our situation to kind of just start stacking cash right now in preparation of eventually selling this house and buying a new one? Or should I continue to just do the 15% investing pay down the mortgage until that time comes?


Well Tom, the good news is paying off your mortgage is stacking up cash. It's a forced savings plan. Sure. And so what I, here's what I did. We paid off our home and then we rolled all that equity, a hundred percent equity into that next home purchase. And so that's what you're gonna be able to do while investing 15%. So you're not unplugging all the future growth that's gonna build you a nice sweet nest egg for those kids one day. And so I would keep with the baby steps. There's no reason to pause right now and stack up cash in your phase of life. Okay. Okay. Why don't you just buy the house now? Well, it, it, we've been trying so it's, it's crazy here. The housing market, we've, we've found a few homes that we love. The one thing is we don't wanna rush, right. Because the home we're in has everything we need.


But we would want, you know, a little bit bigger of a yard, some more room for the kids, And, what have you. And the few that have checked all of our boxes, basically just, we got out bidded on. We weren't willing to go as high as others were. And we're comfortable with that. But that's kind of why we're just in the waiting game, waiting for the perfect home to come along that, you know, we're willing to maybe to just throw out all the stops for Oh, that makes sense. That's wise. Are you working with a real estate agent right now? We are. Yeah. We have a great real estate agent up here. She's, she's been a saint, very patient with us as we, you know, look for dozens of homes at a time and just say no, not quite right. Yeah. That's the game. But you guys are are doing the right thing.


Unless there's some crazy issue in emergency where you have to pause and stack up cash, then I would just keep on, you got the emergency fund, you know, your health insurance, you know, your out-of-pocket. Max Max not your first rodeo with kids. And so just keep on the baby steps man. Awesome. Alright guys. Well I really appreciate the time. Thanks for everything you're doing. You got it. My brother George. I have been guilty over time of planning for things in the future that may or may not happen having another kid, getting another job, getting another raise, whatever the Astros finally trading for somebody that they could win. Well, let's not Get crazy. John I know. And it's not like, I guess I start dreaming in the present.


I start looking in the present and in a strange way it robs me of just joy. And It helps me. It it, it encourages me not to sit in and be a part of the life that I'm living right now. That make sense? Absolutely. I relate. And One of the challenges, I think when he, as he was talking about, I hear that, we hear this all the time, it's about the money part. I just feel like I can, I can get one step closer to this imaginary future if I just have a bunch of cash versus let's just keep doing the next right thing or the next right thing. And if you need to buy a house, then we'll sell yours. That's fine. but it feels like there's this sense of, of freedom. I'm just gonna put that money in, in the account. And what ha what has happened in my life is this dream I had doesn't work out.


I haven't paid my house down and I've spent this money on. Well then the car breaks or somebody's got a great id, I got ripped off on a, well, human Nature kicks In. Whoa. I bought off Craigslist, right? Yep. It just, it kind of goes away. And that's why I like to force the discipline. Get that money outta here. I don't wanna see it. Okay. Put it in the house. Put it in the 401k. Don't allow me to touch it 'cause I'm human because even the best of us, it gets us. I will screw this up. Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. That's George talking about his dating life. He will screw this up. We'll be right back.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust. Not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We've got Will Rudder filling in on the, I dunno, he turns all the knobs over there. And he is the world's greatest Smashing Pumpkins fan. Obsessive, can't stop listening to them. He thinks Billy Corgan is the greatest singer that's ever lived. And so he is in counseling, he's working through it. But that's his thing. Hey, listen, if you're like me, you're like George, you're like our families. You look around and we're in an election season. There's all these concerns about the future, all these concerns about politics, about policies, about the national debt, all these frustrating, frustrating, scary things.


And the temptation is to always point your finger and say, this guy will help us, or this guy's gonna ruin it, or she's gonna save us. Or this guy And what we've said at Ramsey for 30 years. What, what we'll continue to say is spend your energy on things you can control and spend your energy on things in your home. And it's frustrating when you are working really hard to pay off debt and you're looking around and you know, your neighbors don't make enough money to pay cash for those cars they just pulled up in and the renovations that are happening. And you're worried about what happens to all of us when people default, when they get scared about their economy and all that. And you also don't wanna go knock on their door and be like, Hey, you ever hear of Dave Ramsey? You don't do that. You know, we get that One way you can help out your neighbors, your community, you can help out this country is something as simple and as no cost as liking or subscribing the show.


Just hit the, the subscribe button, the like button, leave a five star review. It kicks it up into the algorithms of your neighbors, of your friends, some of you of your families. And It just begins to populate their feeds with positive information. A new way to think about money, a new way to think about taking control of the family inside your home and stopping all of this finger pointing and yelling and screaming at people who live on the east coast or the West coast or wherever else. Taking back control of your home, your neighborhoods. That can be as simple as hitting the subscribe button. So it means the world to us, but more importantly it means the world to your neighbors and to your friends.


So thank you for helping everyone out by hitting subscribe. Like five store reviews, the whole shebang. Wow, that was inspiring, John. I feel like it's my civic duty now to hit the subscribe button. I that's where we are, right? It's an American right that I get to Have. It used to be I'm gonna put a sign in my yard or it used to be, I'm gonna go knock on doors. Now it's as simple as, hey, well you hit subscribe and everyone in your in your geolocation will begin to get this feed a little bit more and it will begin to encourage people to say, Hey, you don't, don't have, you don't have to have that car. You don't have to have that much angst in your home. You don't have to have that kind of debt. And that means you don't have to have that kind of ah, going on all the time. Right. And, It can just lower the temperature in the whole country. So That's what we Need.


There you go. Let's go out to San Diego, California and talk to Sarah with an H What's up Sarah? Hi. I wanna take a quick moment before I ask my question to just say thank you to the whole Ramsey team. My mom took financial Peace University in the nineties and I took it 17 years ago. We're both multimillionaires now and you guys have truly changed our family tree. Woo. So I just wanted to say thank you. That's amazing. Well, thank you for sharing. Sarah. Can I push back on one thing you said? Yes. We didn't do anything. We, we run, especially John and I We were Yeah, yeah. George wasn't born yet when Dave started, but we run our mouth on the radio. You are the one, you and your mom are the ones that day in, day out, week in and week out, put money away, didn't borrow money, lived a different kind of life so that you can have this moment right now.


So hear us say we accept your gratitude, but we want you to hear us say we're proud of you. It's awesome. Thank you. So what's up? So I have a 13-year-old daughter and five years ago there was an accident and she got third degree burns. She received $185,000, which she'll be able to access when she's 18. I've never told her about the money and I'm wondering when I should. Do I wait till she's 18? Do I tell her now how do I prepare her for this And? what can I do to help her spend the money wisely? Yeah, that's a great question. I would, 13 is pretty young and I have a 14-year-old and I've got an 8-year-old and I spent my career working with college kids.


I, I would wait until we get much closer and the conversation around that money, I would have it as directed as possible. Meaning I would really dig into the where do we wanna go to college, how are we gonna pay for housing? What do we wanna do when we get there? And then we can begin to have that conversation with, with some direction. Not just, hey, there's gonna be a big pot of money that deposits in your account. But I think beginning to set up that conversation at 16, at 17, at 18, and I would get more specific around the 17, 18 years about how much money's actually there. Or maybe say things like, there's enough money to pay for your entire undergraduate education.


There's enough money to get you a car that can go to and from college that can pay your college off and they can put a down payment on your first home when you, when you get out or whatever, whatever the deal is. But 13 is is too much. It's, it's a big number. And then you get into 16 and 17 you get the, that's mine. When do I get mine? I want this. And versus a very directed, here's what this money is probably gonna be best used for. I like that. Do you see any sense where your kid, I mean 13, who knows? There's a fabulous, I think it's a Mark Twain quote that says, when I was 14, my dad was the dumbest guy in the world.


And when I came home at 21, I was stunned how much my dad had learned in seven years. Right. Is is so entering into 14, 15, 16. That's, that's just the, the wild west. Right. But do you have any sense now that your child, you're raising a young daughter and I can't imagine you are, you're raising a daughter that's going to be bananas with money. Are you already teaching her the principles on how to live and how to give and how to save? So I've been teaching her the principles. We started with Dave Junior many, many years ago. Amazing. But of my three children, she is definitely my impulsive spender. Can't save a penny. Sure. Of the three. So, sure. So yeah, I, I think, I think continuing to instill those lessons, letting her practice along the way and letting her be a part of tips.


Letting her be a part of saving, letting her be a part of, Hey mom, I wanna buy that. And you saying I'll buy half of it, but you're gonna have to save for it. And letting her feel what the, the frustration of holding off on a purchase and then the, the excitement about buying and then also the frustration of that money's gone. Now let her practice maybe a little bit more. You would let another kid, 'cause she's gonna get the keys to a giant truck when she turns 18. Yeah. Do you lose all custodianship of that money when she turns 18? Yes. I had the option to put it in some sort of like annuity type plan. And I didn't wanna do that 'cause I was worried she would sell it for 40% or whatever kind of, you know, scam you can get roped into.


Yeah. So I went for the full sum, but I'm, I am terrified that she might make bad choices with it. Yeah, You're a good parent. We all are. Right. You Got five years and a lot of growth and maturity to do the exactly what your mom did with you and go, here's a wise way to handle money. Here's the way that's caused us to build wealth and have, have more peace in our house and here's what it's gonna take for you to follow in those footsteps. And you know, if she learns that money comes from work and she learns the dignity of earning as she gets her first job and saves up for that thing, you know, then money will just make her more of whatever she is. And the goal for every parent, of course is I want my kid to be generous and wise and diligent with the money and not wasteful and impulsive. And I think over time, every 13 year old's impulsive.


I've, it's rare to meet the ones that are like, I've been saving since I was eight. Like I even wasn't like that. And I'm the biggest nerd out there. Every 18-year-old is impulsive too. And 21 year olds are impulsive. My friends with full sleeve tattoos tell their kids not till you're 25 'cause you're gonna think something's really cool when you're 24 and, and that band is not that cool. Right? Yep. So similar here, you know, it'd be a fun exercise for you guys to do. Hmm. I think something I started with my son a while ago and I know it's hard if you've got multiple kids 'cause it can just spread you pretty thin. But my son and I started going to breakfast every, every week once a week and my daughter's included in this now. So I I sometimes have to alternate weeks, but I, I'm spending some one-on-one time with each kid.


I think it would be fun for you to begin scenarios five years out. Alright, so here's scenario for this breakfast this morning. What would you do if you got $500? And in a weird way, you are at, you're attaching connection to mom love and compassion to mom time alone with mom, which is the most precious currency a parent and a child has with some actual learning lessons. Right? And those lessons can get more vivid and more real when your daughter turns 17. What would happen if money fell from the sky and said they're gonna pay for your entire college? Wow. Like, what would you do? How would you spend it?


And then at some point you're gonna say, here's a whole bunch of money, John, here's a fun fact from 18 to 60, if you just park that money, 185 grand turns into $12 million, you didn't add a penny. That's mind blowing. That might change your mind about what to do with this money That's also Greek to an 18-year-old. We'll be right back. We'll,


hey guys, George Kamel here. No matter what platform you use for news or entertainment, you and I both know it is way too hard to keep your feed from getting junked up with bad content. I know I'm not the only one who's gone searching for The Ramsey Show only to find myself two paws and 12 videos deep in a kitten hole on YouTube, which is great, but not what I'm looking for right now. And heck, if you're tuning into this digitally, there's probably some weird scammy suggested content trying to play in the sidebar right now. Cryptocurrency. See what I mean? And that's why I love the Ramsey Network app. It is the best place for uninterrupted easy access to the content that keeps you focused on your goals. It's all Ramsey all the time, which means you don't have to worry about getting off track with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey content. Yep. You heard that right? 7,000. this is your one stop single destination for advice you can trust and nothing you can't. So do yourself a favor, get rid of the distractions and dial things in. All you gotta do is search Ramsey Network app in the app store, or click the link in the show notes to download the Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, Nashville, Tennessee. this is The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony joined by George Campbell. We're taking your money, your work, your relationships, your emotional and psychological health calls from all over planet Earth. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. It's triple eight, eight two five five two two five. We have a PAC lobby out there. Everybody wave good to see everybody. And they have driven down here to actually Franklin, Tennessee, just south of Nashville, a little bit suburb and it's an awesome little community and I'm glad to be here. George. How we doing, man? I'm Doing great. When you open the show, you said we're taking your money.


And It was a long pause and I thought this might be a different show. Yeah, because it's a free call and a free show so far. I'm actually after 30 plus years happy to take your money. Okay. You can Venmo it. I stand corrected At George Kamel or at, I can't wait to see how many of those actually come through and then I have to return 'em and go, I can't take your money. This feels weird Now. Oh, I'm, I'm happy to. I'm happy to. Let's go right down the street to Michael. Right here in Nashville, Tennessee. What's up Michael? How we doing man? Hey, how's it going gentlemen? Good. What's up? So I got a, got a doozy one for y'all. Oh, I like this. Bring it. So a couple weeks ago, my, my mother called me or she actually flew out from California to Nashville to come see me in person.


She said that the family friend who she's known for a long time passed away. And this individual left my mother and myself in his will. And according to the lawyer who's handling the estate, it's worth between 10 and 14 million. Wow. I think I know where this is going. What's special about this neighbor? Well, now in the will, he is designated me as his son. Okay. That's a, that's a dead giveaway.


Yeah. And I've asked, you know, my mom, like, why would he, like, I've never met this man, never met him before in my life. He used to send me birthday cards every year for my birthday. And whenever I would ask who this guy was, she would always say, oh, he's just, you know, he's just a friend of mine known, known him for a long time. Just don't worry about it until now, you know, now she's revealing that there's a good chance that he might be your real dad. Okay. So dealing with all that and then having to deal with the funeral arrangements because since I was technically the next of kin, I had to be the one to start the process.


And It is just been a while, week and a half, two weeks for me. Yeah. Hey, hold on, hold on a second. Sit with me for a second in that like, I'm sorry, exhale for a second. Are you married? No, not married. Don't have kids. Okay. How old are you? 31. Okay. So I need you to metabolize what I'm about to say. Every single part of your life is different now than it was this time last week. Okay. And any, any attempt you try to make to get back to the way it was before mom came to visit is I'm telling you it's a choice to be miserable, okay?


Everything is different. You're a multimillionaire. You have a dad that you never met that actually lived down the street from you that sent birthday cards, but never came and hugged his son. You have a mom that didn't tell you the truth for 30 plus years and on and on and on. Everything in your life is different now, okay? Yeah. And here's why I'm telling you that I want you to, you're gonna feel disoriented and you're gonna feel messy. You're gonna feel angry, you're gonna feel super over the moon. You're gonna, you're gonna feel a lot. And I want you to know that all those feelings are right and okay. 'cause a bomb just went off in your life.


And It left, what, $7 million if you split that with your mom? Yeah. How, how it's structured. If I could go into a little bit Yeah, go for it. On how he, so how it's structured is we won't necessarily be able to collect the liquid cash that's in it because it's all tied to stocks and mutual funds and such. So we would, me and my mom are splitting the dividends, the interest and whatever income that trust brings in, which is about on average, according to the lawyer, about half a million a year. Why can't you sell the stocks inside that trust if you're the sole heir That, well, the trustee is his lawyer, so he has complete authority and discretion over how the, the trust is, you know, given out.


And he feels that this is the best way since I've never handled this kind of cash before you Felt like, so Michael, before the day is over, I would hire an attorney. And if you don't have one, I'll send you the name of the guy that I use here in town because you live in my neighborhood, but I would have your attorney look over these documents, Okay? Okay. If you have been named the sole heir, you need to have somebody that you is representing you in this, not this trust of somebody who was dishonest enough to not come out and tell you that they're your father for 30 years, not your mom who did not tell you the truth for 30 years.


Okay? Okay. I would have somebody else who is working for you that you are paying look over these documents, okay? Yeah. And so let's let, let's say it's all right, it's all good. And you're getting a $500,000 disbursement every year, splitting it with your mom. So you get a quarter million dollars every year that you didn't know was coming. Correct? Okay. So, and you know, further into the, how it's structured when she passes on, I will be inheriting that half of the, of the income. And when I turn 60 years old, the trust will close and then I will be essentially handed a check of whatever the principal is in that trust.


Okay? Okay. Well here's the deal, Michael. It's hard to give you in a minute to tell you exactly what to do with all of this, but here's what the team, you need to build around you. Like John said, you need a good attorney, you need a good insurance broker, you need to make sure you have all the right coverage in place. Liability, this adds risk to your life. So you're gonna need a good umbrella policy, you're gonna want a good real estate pro and all these you can get at Ramsey Solutions dot com except for therapist and attorney. So I just wanna caveat that a good real estate pro, do you own a home currently? No, Not currently. Okay. That's probably gonna be soon in your future, a good investment pro as well. Because even the money that's coming in that you're peeling off of this thing, you're gonna be investing a big chunk of this.


And then lastly, a good tax pro, A CPA in your corner to help you minimize the amount of taxes you're paying on all of this income and help you strategize. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com, you can find all of those pros to help you through this. We wanna walk with you in that way. And man, I mean this is, you're gonna have to just go slow. And so the first thing I would do is nothing and just grieve all of this. Feel it all Therapy is probably the Number one thing followed by an attorney. I, I call a lawyer First. Yes. Yeah, Those are the two. Because Michael, I wanna get the nuts and bolts of this thing. What'd your mom tell you? Did y'all have a good open conversation? It was a good conversation. She, she told me the reason why, you know, he, he didn't really stick around his, his issue was, you know, he, he couldn't commit.


He wasn't a, a bad guy per se. It's Just Michael. Michael, I'm the father of two kids. He was not a good man, okay? He left you a lot of money and he made a lot of money and all that. But good men, they go to war for their kids. Okay? Yeah. I want you to hear me say that you are worth having a dad around. And I'm sorry you didn't have that. You got a long road ahead of you, but man, there's some blessing there too. We'll be right back.


There aren't many places you can save hundreds of dollars a month and still give you great service, especially with health insurance. That's why Health Trust Financial is the only health insurance company Ramsey recommends Health Trust. Financial objectively compares the top health insurance providers to meet your needs and budget. And remember, the service is free and there's no commitment. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com Health Trust Financial dot com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show triple eight eight two five five two two five. Man, we just went out to take some photos in the lobby and sign some books. And It is pouring down rain out here and we have needed the rain And It just puts everybody in a good mood out here. I know I'm getting old and I'm like, thank God for the rain. I love rain. Don't have to water the grass. It's been so parched out there. Today's question of the day comes from Molly in West Virginia. She Says, I believe my father-in-law has been tricked into a marriage by a younger woman. His wife passed away a year ago and the new wife took advantage of his loneliness. My husband doesn't seem to see what I see. How can I let go and not be bothered by the fact that she's using him?


I don't want to be fake and pretend everything's great when I see a lot of issues. Okay, let me understand this, John, my father-in-law has been tricked into a marriage by a younger woman who's taking advantage of him. And the actual son is not seeing this. He's like, no, this seems totally fine. Yeah. So there's a lot of issues here. Number one is the husband or wife aren't on the same page on top of this. Father-in-Law may be getting scammed. I don't know. There's too much we don't know. Well, and there's also, is this like a, just his name just slipped my mind, but like an Anna Nicole Smith situation where he's 90 and she's 25. Or is it, he is 70 and she's 55. Right. So I don't know what younger woman means here.


So she needs to address this with her husband. I don't know that she needs to be involved as much. Does the son need to talk to dad? No. I, I mean, if dad is, if hu I, I think what needs to happen here is Molly needs to call this new woman and take her to lunch and get to know her. 'cause right now, Molly's creating stories in her mind. And then her body's responding to those stories. She's acting upon those stories. She's getting enraged by those stories. And she doesn't even know if those are true. And so I am going to sit down and have lunch, and I'm gonna make it a regular practice. You're in my family, I'm gonna get to know you now and then, not when they're stories, but when I have data, when I've got confirmation of, oh, this person's kind of wonderful, or Oh, this person's gnarly, right?


Then we can begin to make alternative like decisions on what we're gonna do. And by the way, I have had to times over the last, you know, quarter century when I've been with my wife when she has said, we need to go right now. And I'm like, no, we don't. We're fine. Every time I've ignored her. She's right. I've been wrong every time. So it does, sometimes husband doesn't seem to see like, oh, way to go dad. Right? Like, mom was sick for a long time. She passed away. I want dad to be happy. He met this beautiful young woman and he may just be totally polite. Yeah. The operative word here has been tricked into a marriage. I don't know how you trick someone 'cause they have to sign something and say, I agree to this marriage.


Like, I feel like I tricked my wife into the marriage. But that's for different reasons. Correct. But this one feels like she's saying, I think her exact words were George tricked me, Right? I think she gave in I was relentless per snickety even so, yeah, this, there's too much. We don't know, Molly, I hope you call the show. 'cause I wanna learn more about this situation. Yeah. It Sounds wise. Yeah. I don't feel, think I have enough information here to pass on this. The the one thing I will tell you is spend as little time possible making up stories about why other people are doing what they're doing, what they're thinking. And by the way, we all do this, listeners, you know that politician, he's just, you know that company, they're just trying to, you don't know. And so all you're choosing to do is to make up a story that makes you feel a little more powerful, a little more safe.


And then you're going to war over that story. And, It may or may not be true. So invite somebody to lunch, talk to 'em, you know, all them democrats or you know, all them Republicans, they just, no, you don't know them. Let's go to lunch. Let's go figure it out. Let's go talk, let's go talk. And that's what I, Molly, that's, that's my, with with the little amount of information we have here. I would suggest you call this this new wife and because now she's your, what'd you call her? A step mother-in-Law. Oh, I didn't think about that. this Is turning into a country song real fast. this is a very West Virginia call, right? A hundred percent. So I, I would reach out Molly and Out at the end of the day, she doesn't, she can't control Father-in-Law and his decisions, whether, whatever it's financially right, relationally.


So there's a part that she just has to also let go and go, well, I did my part. I'm gonna sleep well all night knowing I tried to warn him. Yeah. So, so how can I let go? I wanna lean into the relationship and if it's, if it's confirmed, then I can walk away. I can set up boundaries and me and my husband will talk about that. And then hopefully, and I say this with all due respect, Molly, hopefully you're wrong. Hopefully this woman isn't a trickster. She's not a jerk. Yeah, she's way younger. And yeah, it might look weird at the grocery store, but she's actually pretty great. And she's gonna have, her and your father-in-Law are gonna have a great end of the life season. A great fourth quarter together. It'd be awesome. Let's go out to New York. New York and talk to Jorge. Hey, George. What's up man?


Hey guys. What's happening Man? We are making it, making it rain out here. Literally. It's The summer of George around here. What's up? All right. So a little bit of a backstory. I called in about three years ago and Dave put me on the right track. We just paid off all of our debt, except we do owe 30 on our home. All right, so here's where it gets interesting. So where we currently live, it's, you know, very congested area. We each drive about an hour to work every day. Sometimes that commute could be two hours, really, depending on the traffic and what's going on.


Really don't like the area that much anymore. We've been there 24 years. We found a house out in the woods. So basically a brand new construction home. And. what we wanna find out, is it a good, is it an okay financial move to buy this new home? Can you afford it? Huh? Can you afford it? I mean, I feel like it, I feel like I can, what's Your current house Worth? Losing the 25%. We're figuring out the 25% goal and we feel like we're way under that. Oh, Okay. So what would your commute become once you move 30 minutes? I like that. So what are the downsides here?


I guess the downsides would be is of course, like I said, we're almost, you know, our house is almost paid off and we'd probably be taking on about a hundred thousand dollars mortgage by the time, you know, we met after closing cost and all that sort Of stuff. You'd be taking a mortgage of a hundred grand. Yeah, that's probably what we're looking at. I would do this tomorrow. And how quickly will that get paid off with your income? Well, we're gonna do a 15 year, but I feel like we could probably pay that off in five or six. What's your income household? We're making one 50 a year combined.


Okay. Could you throw upwards of 50 grand a year toward the mortgage and live off a hundred? I don't see why not. Well then it's gone in two years. You'd Be debt in two years. That's Basic math. The 18 in rice for three years. So, So there you go. Just set, set a goal. It doesn't need to be crazy, but set a goal and say in two years this new mortgage is gonna be paid off and instead of one year from now, it'll be debt free. If we move, it'll be two whoopy do and you get your life back. I would do this. And George, I'm, I'm becoming more and more, I don't know if it's bullish or bearish. I'm becoming more careful about how I can buy back time.


And you and your wife will be buying back an hour, hundreds Of hours a year One way every day. Right. And over the course of a week, you're buying back five hours. So ask yourself, what would it, what would we charge? What, what would we pay for half a day together every week that turns into you just bought a full day of time together. Not including sleeping time, but we bought 10 hours every two weeks just in commute time. Got You. I mean, I, I would do this tomorrow. Well, here, here's the strawberry on the top. So the house that we're selling probably can use about $90,000 of work, but we can currently sell it at 300 as is No problem.


Tomorrow. This will be a new construction home, brand new house. Sell it tomorrow. Put call the realtor today. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent slash agent. Get yourself a smart investor pro, I'm sorry, a real estate pro, and get that thing on the market in the morning. Awesome. Congratulations, man. You're gonna, you're gonna have to get a chicken coop. You're gonna have to get overalls, a straw hat, the whole thing, brother. Could be a bunker. Could be cool. Yes. You're have to get a bunch of deep freezers and ask people if they've heard about beat prices. You're gonna be the whole out. Like, you're gonna be one of my neighbors now. I can't wait, dude. Congratulations. Hey, you've done it right and you worked really, really hard for this moment. For this moment when you and your wife say, Hey, let's buy back some time.


Let's buy back a different kind of life. We're on it. We'll be right back.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. this is Delony. And I'm always railing against social media, especially in the summer because everyone uploads the highlight reels of their perfect bodies and perfect vacations and perfect kids. And I know they're not real. And I also know that I'm blessed beyond my wildest dreams, but I still find myself wishing my life was like other people's. And based on the data I know this is happening to you too. Comparison is wired into us, but comparison can also be become the thief of joy because we can feel like we're not enough and begin acting and thinking in ways we would never think otherwise. When it all gets to be too much, think about contacting BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. And by the way, therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for all of us who are ready to get out of the comparison spin cycle and find our own peace and joy in the life we're creating. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp EL p.com/delony.


Triple eight eight two five five two two five. this is The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony. Joined by George Campbell, taking your calls on money, life relationships, your mental and emotional health, your work, all of it. Let's go out to C Chi Town, Chicago, Illinois, and talk to Ryan. What's up Ryan? How you doing gentlemen? I'm good, man. What's up? I got a couple questions. I'm getting married in a month. All right. We're looking to buy a house hopefully this week. Just wondering if we're making the right moves here. That's a lot man. You're making two of the biggest life decisions and throwing the biggest party of your Life with all of the headache and chaos and joy all at once.


Why is, why is the house so urgent? We are currently staying with a friend per se, kind of live in, I sold my house about a year ago, so we've been living with them ever since. Why can't you rent a place? I can, but I moved in with them and redid their bathrooms. I do construction for a living. Okay. For remodeling. So tell me about, y'all have a house already picked out? Yes, we have one picked out. Its at four 50 is what I'm hoping I can get it for.


Okay. How much money you got? I have about 400. She has about one 20. Whoa. So we paying cash for this thing? I don't know that we wanna pay all cash. You do. But we definitely would wanna put 50 to 70% down. Why wouldn't you pay cash for this? I don't know. Yeah, I would. Why did, Why did you save up $400,000? What was the goal of that money? Well, I sold my house. I bought low and I sold high. So I did very low when I sold.


Amazing. And you guys have no debt currently? No debt. Cars are paid off. What do you do for a living? I do bedroom and kitchen remodel. Oh, okay. Okay. Can I, what? What, what does she do for a living? She works in a salon. Okay. Actually just opened her own salon. Okay. Can I, can I paint a picture of a world for you? You're a bathroom reno guy. You're pretty good at it, right? Yeah, She does hair. She's pretty good at it, right? Yes. You guys are both in fields that are very important and they can also be very feast and famine.


Feast or famine, right? If there's an economic downturn, people put off redoing their bathrooms. If the economy's doing great, everybody wants their bathroom redone and correct. When their economy's great, everybody wants their hair done and colored and all that And. then when it turn, it takes a turn. Imagine navigating this new marriage, And It. Sounds like y'all have been together for a long time. Imagine navigating this new marriage where both of y'all are in trades and you're both really good, but y'all will never have any sort of payments, any sort of debt no one will ever own you guys. So if there's a downturn, it just is annoying, Right?


You have 400 grand saved up, she's got a hundred and something saved up. Y'all could pay cash for this house and still have 75 to a hundred grand in cash in the, in in the high yield savings account. Bro, I wouldn't think twice about this. Think about it this way, Ryan. If you were sitting in a paid for, We're ready to pull the trigger. That's, that's for sure. I just don't know that we want, I mean, Well I think it hurts to let go of that Money. Really smarter move to do with the money. Okay, Lemme lemme put it this way. If you hate having a, a paid for house come come Christmas, you hate not having a house payment. Like you and your wife are like, man, our new marriage is great. Our jobs are going great.


You know what would make this house even better? A house payment. Then you can go take out a HELOC on your house, right? And you can say, John and George are idiots. They're wrong. We love, I don't mind those Getting together and make, getting together every, every month to make a house payment. So Ryan, think about that. I agree. It's, it's helped to flip the situation to go, I paid for cash for everything, so I don't, So why go into debt now when you can avoid it entirely and still have money left over? I'm jealous of you right now. That's what I'm saying. Well, Like you've won, you're gonna enter into a new marriage as a tradesman man.


And you know what else is gonna allow you to do, you know those customers that you have to take those rental jobs 'cause they're big jobs, but you know right when you meet them and they walk you through what they want done, you're like, oh, this is gonna be awful. You get to pass. Absolutely. Absolutely. So Ryan, think about this. You're sitting in a paid for $450,000 home. Would you have a discussion with your wife when you go, Hey, you think we should take out a loan at six, 7% interest to do some fun investing with that money? You would go, no, that's way too risky. It's not worth the spread. Well, there's a, we Like our piece, lot of rehab that needs to be done at the house. But You're a rehab guy. Absolutely. And You have, you do, you're gonna have 75 grand to play with between emergency fund and whatever, you know, renovation money plus your future income where you don't have a mortgage payment.


So you're gonna be able to cash flow literally anything in life. And if one day she wants to shut the salon down to stay home with the kids, she gets to do that without a fight. And we just go, cool, we're gonna be fine. And nothing helps a marriage like a bathroom and kitchen renovations. That was a lie. I just made that up. That'll be hard. That Yeah, that wait time was pretty hard. Yeah, But so, so help me and George out. We're, we're, we're, we're drawing at you. Help me, help us out. I I don't understand the, your, your reluctance or your hesitancy. Just the, just the security of having a good chunk of change. That's It. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna suggest you consider exchanging that chunk of change, the security you feel there with having a home that no one can take from you.


You, you, you are feeling the security with the zeros and ones on a, on a bank statement that you log into. I want you to imagine the security of walking into a home and saying, this is mine and no one can take it from us. And you're gonna have the nicest bathrooms in Chicago because that's what you do. It's true. I'm just all, all at the end of the day, brother, all I can do is tell you what I would do in my house. George, you Yeah, I mean, I've, I've done it Ryan and I don't regret it. John and I both paid off houses and we go, all right, we're happy here. Not gonna go take out a loan to invest. Don't miss the chunk of change if we want to build back some savings, you're gonna do that so quickly. How much will you and your wife be making when you're married?


Combined with probably 1 30, 1 40, 1 40 No payments in Chicago. You could start throwing away a whole lot into investments and savings per year. Right? With no payments in the world, we can build back up some security, but this time it's different. 'cause it's not, we're not paying a lender, we're not paying interest. We're paying ourselves, we're building for our future instead of building someone else a big building in downtown Chicago. So just, it's a different mindset. And I know, it's a big paradigm shift compared to what culture will tell you. And I promise you, if you scroll Instagram, there's gonna be some dude being like, right, I could 10 extra money, bro. Just give it to me. We'll leverage it all. It's gonna be great. And guess what? You're not gonna sleep well at night and nothing is worth that.


Well, yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't like that route. You've had a taste of peace. I wouldn't. So we're saying why, why dip your toes in these waters when you're already doing so well? And there's no need to, because I wouldn't yell at you if you took out a mortgage, but if you had a bunch of cash and you still avoided, you know, paying cash, I'd go, all right, that's pretty dumb. Or if nothing else, brother, you're gonna put that, let's say you decided to take out a $200,000 mortgage. You put half down, you're gonna put that money in a high yield savings account at 5%, but you're gonna be paying 7% on the mortgage, Right? I I mean, I'm just telling you right now, there's millions of people listening to this and they've got their face in their hands wishing they could trade places with you, Wishing they had a half million dollars in cash.


Mind Blowing a 400,000 house you won in the trades. Start your marriage off with peace. If you hate having less money fights, you can start some for fun. How's That? That's my promise to you. Right? Congratulations man. When did you get married? Next month. I love It. We're gonna send you Financial Peace University as a wedding gift from John and I and you don't even have to send us cake in the mail or anything. We're also gonna send you one year of EveryDollar the best budgeting app on the planet so you and your wife can budget your debt-free life. And y'all can decide how fun it is to spend money. And like George said, if y'all just wanna start some fights, y'all can do that too.


this is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz. When it comes to teaching kids about money, moms tell me all the time just how overwhelming it can feel to get started. That's why I'm so excited to tell you about Financial Peace Kids. This toolkit was designed to make learning to save, earn, spend, and give money fun for both you and your kids. The best part, it only takes 10 minutes a day. Yep. Just 10 minutes. You've got this. Pick up Financial peace kids at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show triple eight eight two five five Q two five. We've been talking about it throughout this show. Selling a house the Ramsey Way makes home ownership awesome. It makes it a gift. A a a a blessing. It makes it a, a, a chaotic interaction, a chaotic time in your life. It makes it peaceful instead of ah, right. The Ramsey trusted program is the only way to find an agent you can trust to keep you on track with what we teach here at Ramsey and help you get the best offer on your house or find the right home for you. We send you some of the top agents in your area and these are folks that we trust. You review their stats, you interview them, and you decide which one you wanna work with. Ramsey trusted agents have years of experience and will help you make wise decisions when it comes to pricing, marketing and making or choosing the right offer. George and I both used Ramsey trusted real estate agents for our families, for our homes. This isn't just us trying to sell you something. this is what we use in our day-to-Day lives. Find a Ramsey trusted real estate agent for free. Doesn't cost you anything at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


All right, let's go out to Jacksonville, Florida and talk to Christian. Hey Christian. What up? How are we doing? Hey, doing good. how are you? Excellent, excellent. What's up? Yeah, so right now I'm 19 years old and me and my wife, we just bought our first house earlier this year in February 19 renovations. Yes sir. What's the secret? Every 19-year-old wants to know, Work hard. I guess I started when I was 14, so, But you're married too. I was still trying to, yeah. Find someone to go to a Chinese buffet with me when I was 19. That may have been your problem, John. That's probably not the most romantic as I said it, I thought that was the issue.


Okay, so you're married 19, you're a homeowner now. Alright. You're way ahead of me and George. Yeah, but how can we help? Well, in two years from now, I have the opportunity, the company I work for is wanting to open a new branch. They're gonna give me a, a branch ownership role. And so I'll be a branch owner in Orlando. So I'll be moving I about two and a half, three hours away from, from where I currently live. And I'm wondering if we should sell that house that we just bought in February or if it's for us to rent it out and, and purchase another in Orlando. Love it. Okay, here's my answer and I'll give you the, the backstory behind it. I would sell the home and take all the equity you have and roll it into that next home.


And the reason is, if you lived in Jacksonville and you and your wife sat down and said, Hey, what do we wanna do with our financial future? You wouldn't go, Hey, what if we bought some rental property in Orlando? That could be fun. You wouldn't do that. And so the only reason you're hanging onto it is, you know, to try to kind of become like a real estate mogul. But now you got a headache three hours away to deal with when there's an issue. and so we don't like the long distance landlord. Three hours is too much. All the all of Dave Ramsey's real estate, hundreds of properties he can drive around in about an hour and hit 'em all. And so that way he has his eyes on him, you have your eyes on him. And so for that reason and because real estate really when you talk about investments should be done with cash to reduce your risk.


And so here's your plan. Pay off your current home and if you roll that equity into the next one, pay off that home. Then when you have enough cash, you can decide with wisdom where you wanna buy an investment property. And can I pass on one more thing to you Christian? Yeah. Alright. So what kind of work do you do? I do sales servicing company. Okay, excellent. So I'm gonna give you some old man wisdom. Is that cool? That's all right. All Right. It hasn't happened to you yet, but you'll have an employer that sits you down and says something like, I see something in you and I'm planning on doing this. So in three years or two years, or in six years, I'm gonna do this and then we're gonna do this. And then this is how this is gonna impact you.


Right? And over my quarter century of work, I have gotten excited about other people's plans for me, I have spent imaginary money and had it not work out. And so what I want you to work on for the next two years is not already thinking like, are we gonna sell this? We're gonna move this. I want you to work on being an amazing new husband. I want you to be the best salesman in Jacksonville. Most integrous, hardest working a guy that can leave work at work and show up and be present with his wife, but also when it's time to go to work. Ah man, nobody outworks Christian. And then in two years, who knows, we'll have a new president, we'll have a new planet in two years.


So let's deal in two years with what happens in two years. And let's work on, you've been running since you were 14. You've got dreams. I, you're a very special kind of young man. I want you to practice living in the present where your feet are as well. Is that cool? Yeah, Absolutely. Congratulations my brother. You are way ahead of the pack. Good man. That's impressive. Alright, let's go out to Seattle, Washington home of Pearl Jam and talk to Gillian. We where we are. Alright, what's up Gillian? Hey guys, it's great to be with you. Thanks. It's great to be with you. What Up? So I wanted to start off with some awesome news. My husband and I just spent the last two years putting me through school completely debt free.


Woo. So I just graduated last month. I worked full time the entire first year of the program. It was brutal, like 13 hour days. But we paid off about $20,000 of of payments to the school just straight in cash. Oh my gosh. So I start my, I start my new job next week. Hey Hold on At Gillian. Gillian, Yeah. Yeah. The things you're saying can't be true 'cause we hear them all the time. You can't go to school debt free and Which trust fund did you pay for this out? You Can't pay things with cash and you can't work and go to college at the same time. Well, so I, I will say I got, I, I was very fortunate, very blessed I, had a great job with the university before starting school.


Way To found Out I could get partial tuition exemption. but yeah, I was being a go goofball. I was just being a moron. I'm proud of you. Those Are all decisions you made. Congratulations. Yeah, it's awesome. Yeah. Thank you. Okay, How do we help out? Which start my new job. I start my new job next week. During that time in school, we also saved up about $30,000 so that we could pay for the last eight months. When I got to kind of the work study part of my program where I had to be working full-time within the context of being a student. We've got about $10,000 of that left because we have penny pinch to the max for the last eight months. And we've got about $7,000 in car debt.


I think I know that the plan would be to pay off the car debt with that leftover money. But I'll admit that 10,000 makes me feel very safe. And it's exactly the amount of our fully like funded emergency fund. Should we pay off that car? It's a 0% loan or should we keep our expanded emergency fund? You're telling me the school is paid for so you have no upcoming expenses? Yeah, That's right. Okay. this is our only debt left is what is the car payment? Seven payment, 0% car loan. What's the car payment? It's About 4 28 a month. Okay. So let's say that you did pay off the car today. That leaves you with 3000 And It Frees up 4 28 and you have your income.


So how quickly could we get back to 10,000 knowing all of that? How many months? I think aggressively maybe eight or nine months. Okay. So eight months from now we're back to where we are and we're gonna be fine with 3000. How many emergencies have you had in the Last year? That over $3,000, Thankfully. Zero. And you got a paid off car that's reliable and working and if there was a car repair to be made, you could cover that. You guys have health insurance? We will. When I start my new job, we, I'm gonna be honest, we haven't had much for the Last year. We've been kinda living bare bones.


Oh boy. So once we have all those insurance in place, my husband, my Husband's an Army vet, so he has the ba. Okay, good. So when you really think about it, a lot of this is like, but what if, and I'm going, but what if you had no payments and how quickly could we build this back up And, what would that freedom feel like today? Yeah. You knew we were gonna say this. Yeah. GI I know. I know. I was hoping you'd agree with me though. You're too Impressive to You're too impressive to give us the 0% loan argument. Gillian, you're too smart. You're too successful. You guys are too. I mean, you have too much money. I did think that we'd be able to start paying the car more aggressively than 4 28 a month then Save.


Save that aggressively. Probably Evens out. Save that aggressively. Yeah, You're, Hey look, you're like, by this afternoon you can be totally free. Yeah. Totally unchained from anyone, anything. Any bank, any lender. You and your husband totally free. And you got 3000 bucks. Actually you don't. You have $2,800. 'cause I want y'all to go to a fancy restaurant tonight and celebrate. Woo. Congratulations. Nice. We're so proud. Proud. Nice dinner. So proud of you. That's enough to get apps and desserts. I regret that immediately. I feel like you just spoke millennial and I don't know what that means. Ill leave that appetizers. I'm gonna go away for a little bit, John.


That's probably the good for everybody. this is The Ramsey Show. We'll be back soon. Live From, Nashville, Tennessee. this is The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony. Joined by George Kamel. We're taking your calls on money building wealth, the work that you do, your relationships, your mental, emotional health. Pretty much anything and everything. And if we don't have an answer for you, we will probably make one up.


Give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five. It's triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. Let's go out to Helena and talk to Carrie. Hey Carrie. What's up? Hello? What's going on? So my question, my husband and I had, you know, been pretty financially sound for quite a few years due to some health issues with our kiddos and some family tragedies. Recently our debt has kind of spiraled out of control and I guess now we're kind of at rock bottom and looking for, you know, any way to get out at this point.


What Happened, Carrie? Rock bottom's a pretty, that's a, that's a pretty, that's a left turn here. What happened? Yeah. Take a breath. Take a breath for me. Take a breath for me. Yeah, I can hear you. Take a breath. We sold our house about a year ago. Okay. And moved into my mom's basement. Our goal at the time was to take as much that we could make off of our house to start settling debt. My younger brother also lived with us and about a month ago, he chose to end his life.


Oh Gosh. And we found him. I'm sorry, Carrie, what was his name? Zach. Zach. Is he younger brother? Older brother. Younger. He was 22. Yeah. I'm sorry, can I tell you something? Yeah. You're not supposed to find your 22-year-old brother passed away and I'm sorry. Yeah. Nobody's supposed to experience that and I'm sorry. It's really hard. Yeah. Yeah. And I have, aside from my husband and I and my older brother actually finding Zach, my kids are almost six, four and two.


Yeah. So it's been really difficult. What issues are your children dealing with health-wise? Are these ongoing chronic issues? Yeah. My 4-year-old was born with a genetic condition that causes airway problem. So she struggles with breathing and choking, gaining weight because she can't breathe or, you know, she is lacking weight because she can't breathe. And then my son was born, he's two, was born with feeding issues as well.


And he's on a feeding tube. So we travel out of state Last year. Our trips were once a month. We took a little bit of a break just because, you know, our debt's getting so high, but we also Don't tell us about this debt. What kind of debt is this? And was this happening aside from the medical issues and the family issues? It started out with travel expenses. On credit Cards? Yeah, on credit cards. Okay. How much debt total Between credit cards and student loans?


Our vehicle we're right about 98,000. Okay. And what's the household income right now? I'm a stay at home mom 'cause my kids can't be in daycare. My younger two, and last month when all of that happened, my husband had to leave his job. So currently we are both unemployed. Why did your husband, why did your husband have to leave his job? There wasn't a lot of understanding about him needing to have time off.


Okay. And so it was just kind of an ultimatum type situation. How are you guys putting food on the table this week? It's, we live with my mom, so she, you know, does help. Right now we just focus on making sure that the kids have what they need. But are you basically gonna continue living on credit cards in the meantime? We're selling everything that we can. Hold on Carrie, what your kids need is mom and dad to be able to breathe.


Yeah. Okay. They need a roof. They need food, but they, and they need their medical care, but they need mom and dad to be able to exhale and y'all can't. Yeah. Okay. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna start talking slow and I'm gonna hold this call over. Okay. So we're gonna, you're gonna hear some music come up in a few minutes and we're just gonna let it roll over to the next, we're gonna stop for a, a commercial break and then we'll come back. Okay? Okay. Okay. But listen to me, you have two issues going on here at the same time. Yes. One of those is a deep and profound grief. Okay. Actually, you got three issues going on.


You've got the issue of your beloved brother Zach, right? Yes. Yes. And you've got the trauma of walking in and experiencing what you experienced. And we won't go to it in detail, but it's not like it is in the movies. And, It sits in your soul, right? Yeah. Right. And I've been in those rooms and it's heartbreaking. It's staggering. That's Number one. Number two, you have the heartbreak, the trauma of looking at two of your babies and wondering every second of every minute of every hour of every day if they're okay. Yes.


Right? And that's a lot. And then on top of that, y'all have an untenable financial situation. Yeah. And when you, you're faced with, with the first thing I talked about with Zach, you're faced with the kids. It's easy to sit down and just say, screw it. Yeah. And yet this is the third thing. And this is the part that I'm gonna get in trouble for on the internet. And I don't care 'cause I care about you too much. Just sound like I'm not compassionate. But y'all have to at some point, orientate yourself, decide we're gonna start choosing reality. Yes. And reality is we can't live in mom's basement even though it's rent free.


Yes. And still take care of these kids with the healthcare we're gonna have to move. Yes. And that's not a today thing. It's not a Right this second thing. Right. All right. So hang on the line and we're, George and I are going to stop. We're gonna take a break and we're gonna come back and we're gonna give you a couple of, of really clear tactical tips that you can take right away, okay? Okay. Okay. Thank You. All right. Hang on and we'll be right back. this is The Ramsey Show.


Okay. Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment. Affording a home is impossible and you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right? Wrong George Kamel here. Listen. Finding a home you love within your budget is possible. And I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving a Down payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist. We'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by or joined by my friend George George. Kamel. Wow. Sorry, I pause there for a second. I thought it was a big intro. Turns out you just had a little brain fart. A senior moment. Yeah, I just, I froze there a little bit. Okay, so we're talking to Carrie. We, we held Carrie over the break. Carrie's got three young kids, six, four and two. Two of 'em are dealing with some pretty significant medical challenges. Her brother, her younger brother recently died by suicide. And there's just been a lot going on in the family. And you guys have reached and, and carrie's, reached almost six figures in just what I would call survival debt. There's a car, there's student loans, there's medical bills, there's travel, And, It all feels like too much.


Does that sound about right, Carrie? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I want to tell you that I'm proud of you for calling and I'm grateful that you called. Okay. Thank you. This is one of those moments that in a, in a real world situation, we would spend several hours sitting together unpacking this whole thing. So I'm gonna throw some things at you, George and I are some steps. Okay? And it's gonna be, it's not gonna be as, as compassionate and kind as I would like it to be. Okay? But I just want you to know, like, 'cause, 'cause we've got a time, time issues here. But this is a big deal, right? Right. Issue Number one, and I say this with all the compassion and love in my heart, you know, that I used to work crisis situations and, and walk into homes in, in scary situations with folks.


And there was often me telling people with love, you simply cannot afford to grieve right now because you don't have any money. Right? And so your husband has to go get a job. And It doesn't have to be his forever job or his save the world job, but he's gotta have a thing that he gets up and goes to every day. Hopefully two or three things. And there will be a deep season of grief. There will be a deep season of, of heartbreak. But also y'all have to have groceries. You got three little kids.


Yeah. Is this ideal? No. And I'm only telling you this 'cause I love you and I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy, but here we are. Okay? Yeah. The second thing is, is I don't want y'all to do anything major for five months. And that sounds bonkers too, doesn't it? Okay. Okay. You gotta wait for the smoke to clear a little bit. 'cause what I don't want you guys to do is to do something rash and quick and wake up in six months when the smoke clears and your heart is still broken because of Zach's passing. Your kids' medical situations haven't changed up or down much. But then y'all just went and bought a home, or y'all packed up and moved across the country, or y'all went and just did a thing.


You sold the last thing that you actually really needed. So, okay, my, I, anytime somebody's going through loss, like you've, you guys have worked through, I want everyone to stop if at all possible. It's not possible for your husband right now. 'cause y'all have to have groceries, y'all have to have insurance, y'all have to have some basic needs and neither of y'all are working right now and you can't afford to go get a job because you got three kids that are at home, two of which have some pretty significant special needs. Okay? Yeah. Yep. Is this an incredible burden on you? Yes. On him? Yes. And this is reality. Okay? Yeah. Okay. The third thing is, y'all are gonna have to begin to make a plan for finances, for grieving, for moving.


'cause you're gonna have to move closer to these medical, medical resources because this is gonna be your life. Yeah. Okay. And that's okay. It's just going to be a change in reality. And so George is gonna walk you guys through some of the money stuff and we're gonna give you a whole bunch of resources. But one of the, one of the homework assignments I always give somebody who's experiencing grief like y'all have experienced, is I want you over the next few weeks, I want you to write your brother Zach a letter. And I want you to know, I want him to know in this letter that you love him. I want him to know in this letter that you're really mad at him. I want in this letter him to know that you're gonna miss him like crazy that your little kids are not gonna have Uncle Zach.


And then I want you to end the letter by telling him what kind of mom to his nieces and nephews you're gonna be. Okay. And so what we're doing in this letter is we're gonna, we're gonna let our love our heart be speak. We're gonna let our anger speak and then we're gonna begin to look to the future a little bit, okay? Okay. And this will be a very painful exercise because there's probably a lot going on inside this home, isn't there? Yeah. Yeah. Probably has for a long time. All right, George, walk her through her financial path here. So Carrie, what was your husband making when he was working?


He was right about 56,000. Okay. And is that job now out of the cards, has he severed burn that bridge? Could he go back and say, Hey listen, it's been a crazy month. I'm ready to get back to work. Will you take me? There has been potential of that. They have kind of chatted about that. And then he has had another interview with a company that is looking into him. So, Okay. What are you guys doing for health insurance Right now? Our kids are on, our kids and myself are on the state health insurance.


My husband had insurance through his previous company, but he, it sounds like will be added to the state insurance as well. So For right now, was, was his work insurance better? Better coverage? It was, yeah. Okay. 'cause what I don't want is for you to rack up medical debt in the meantime because of these serious health issues you guys are facing, Right? So that's Number one. Let's make sure we get income in the door and cover our four walls. That's food, utilities, and your housing and transportation. Now luckily, utilities and housing sounds like it's covered by mom, right? Yeah. Yeah. Transportation. We gotta put gas in the car and make sure it's working.


That's what that is. And food is basic food. Is everyone being fed right now? No one's going hungry. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hey, hold on. Jor, Carrie, I wanna double click on what George just said. Your husband's gotta call his work tomorrow, Okay? Or he needs to go visit them in person. He needs to take a shower, he needs to shave, he needs to dress, put his dress clothes on or whatever the work uniform was. He needs to go up there and say, Hey, I'm guys, I'm ready to come back and make them tell him no. Okay? Okay. He needs to be that proactive about it because they're, did they treat him with dignity and respect during this loss? No. Has it been painful?


Yes. And he needs that 50 to $60,000 a year income right now. Real bad. Yeah. Okay. So we're gonna put our ego aside, we're gonna put our, that shouldn't have happened aside and we're gonna go make money right now. That's his, his best shot to go make 60 grand right now, okay? Okay. And if they say no, cool. He's gonna dust his sandals off and he is gonna go on to the next thing. He's gonna stop at McDonald's and Starbucks on the way home and get jobs there. But we're gonna, we're gonna end tomorrow with applications out and hopefully with jobs in hand, okay? Okay. All Right. How much car debt do you have? Right now it's at 41,000. How much is the car worth?


Probably about 55. That car is gone today. Today really? A few weeks ago, but today is better. So that what that's gonna do, if it's worth 55, you owe 41 that's gonna leave you with money in your pocket to the tune of $14,000. You can go then take that. Now you have freed up car payment, which I'm sure is what? 800 bucks, 900 bucks. Yeah. Now you freed up $900 in your budget and on top of that, you're gonna have $14,000 to go get you guys a nice budget. Five $6,000 car and the other eight $9,000 we're gonna throw at the smallest debt that you have. Likely that's gonna be one of the credit cards, right?


Sure, yeah. Do you see how you can almost, you can breathe, you're starting to see the forest from the trees now and that's the debt snowball. So we're gonna gift you EveryDollar to help you budget the income, cover the expenses, find the margin, and it's gonna walk you through that. And on top of that financial Peace University, which is nine lessons, I want you and your husband to watch it when the kids go down, watch a lesson a night and start to see some hope. And on top of that, we're gonna gift you a financial coaching session with a Ramsey preferred coach. Someone who's been trained that can sit down with you for an hour and walk you through all of this. Does that sound good? Okay. Yeah, it does. And we're gonna cover all of that. You're not gonna pay a dime. Okay? Here's the deal, Carrie. You're gonna feel lonely, you're gonna feel scared and I want you to know you can call us at any time and we'll put you back on and we'll walk with you.


I want you to sit down with your husband, I want you to hold both of his hands or hold the side of his face. I want you to look him in the eye and say, we're gonna tart, start taking steps towards what comes next. I'm grateful for the call. We'll be right back.


Hey, it's Dr. John Delony. Look, when you're stressed about money, it makes everything feel out of control. You run around like a maniac trying to make sure everything's covered, everybody's okay. I've been there. It's the worst. But you can flip the script with an EveryDollar budget. It helps you track spending and expenses in real time. So you always know what's happening with your money. Talk about a weight lifted off your shoulders, start feeling in control of your money again, download the EveryDollar app today for free.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. And if you're counting, that is the second smashing pumpkin song. Let's go out to Raleigh, North Carolina and talk to KIM. What's up Kim? How we doing? Hi there. My question is, I'm going through a divorce and my husband said that I could have the house, but he wants me to give him $20,000 for his lawyer fees. And we own the house trying to preserve it for the kids. And so I don't have any savings, stayed at home for most of our marriage. I am working now and I just need to know where I'm supposed to come up with a $20,000.


What's the best way to get the 20,000? So I don't have anything except for the house. And I have a debt, I have car. How old are your Kids? Under most of 'em are adults. I have two still at the house. Okay. Why is he deciding who gets what in this marriage? Well, he, because he can afford a lawyer. Well, no, he's making you a settlement offer. He, he's making an offer and I mean, I, I want the house, I want to be able to stay home for the kids. I want to my kids to be able to come back to the house and I know, but they Be able to have events there and you know, I know Kim, but you're not metabolizing the, the gravity of what's happened.


You're wanting to preserve normalcy when normal is over. Okay. Can you afford, if you, if he, if he writes you a check for this house and you go down to the credit union and take out a $20,000 loan, can you afford to pay the note on that $20,000 loan and pay the taxes and insurance on this house indefinitely? Well, I have a job. I mean, I'm, it would be, you know, buying the house from him basically for $20,000. Right. That's, that sounds like a killer deal. And if that's the case, I would tell you to go down a credit union, get 20 grand and be done with this divorce and move on with your life. Get everything in writing. But I'm asking you, can you afford this house?


How much is this house worth? Probably 6, 6 50. It needs some work. We've been in it for 30 years, over 30 years. So, And you need all the space stuff. I, I would just like to stay there until my youngest gets outta high school. I Hey Kim, it's real important. I'm only, I'm only pressing you 'cause I, because I care about you. Okay. I know there's a lot here that you want to do. Do you desperately want to do what George and I ask? Can you, is, can you, can you afford the repairs on a $600,000 house? Can you afford the insurance and the in and the taxes?


Probably to the tune of what? About a thousand dollars a month? No, probably $1,600 a month-ish, depending, I don't know what the, what the insurance rates are in Raleigh. Yeah. That's for the privilege of keeping your home. I have, I have been able to do that. I have been able to do that. So you've been covering this on your Own? I had a little bit of money away every month. I've been covering on my own since September of Last year. Okay. You also told us you have no savings. I've been on my own since savings. I don't have a lot of savings, but I'm, I'm up to, I think I just went over $4,000. Okay, Good. This last month. I'm Trying to make sure you have margin to live that's not just get by. Yeah, That's what I'm trying to work on.


The margin to live. I'm just getting paycheck to paycheck right now. I'm trying to put some away every month. And, It. I, I've been hit with a lot of his debt, so I'm Why are you getting hit with his debt? Hold on. Why are you getting hit with his debt? Well, in a couple years ago he wrote a bad check to the state and the state found me and my job. I know that he's working or not. I have a, an order against. I feel like this all needs, needs to go before a judge. 'cause I think you might get a better deal with a judge looking at this case versus trying to take the first settlement offer that comes your way out of desperation. You just told me he can afford a lawyer. Yeah, his his mother I'm sure paid for it.


Okay. Because You he doesn't have anything. He's in debt. He's, he's constantly in debt. So he's broke. Yeah, I he's broke. Why would he not force to sale the house then and take half the equity? I know, that's why I'm trying to jump on the generous offer. I just dunno where to get. Yeah, there's almost always a catch with a generous offer like this. Do you have an attorney? I don't, Yeah, I would, I would get one before the day's over and I know, you can say you don't have enough money, but I would figure that out. And if you have to go to a local law school and ask for one of their students to help you out in a clinic, or if you have to call legal aid, I would call somebody because I'm afraid you're about to get played for an attorney.


'cause especially a divorce attorney that's gonna get paid on the, like a percentage of a settlement for them to call and offer you what looks like a seesaw with 580 grand versus a 600 on one side of 20 on the other. There's something going on there. This doesn't sound right to me unless he looked at his client, your husband, and said, if she sees these text messages and this stuff and X and y and z your toast. Like they don't make offers of compassion is what I'm saying. That's, I, it feels to me that if this went before a judge, I'd go, yeah, you're not paying lawyer fees and you're gonna get the house and you're not gonna pay his debt. Is that a possibility?


I have, I don't know. I mean, he's he's not been a good husband. I, yeah, there's no question about that. I, I, I'm afraid you're about to get taken to the cleaners and this thing looks so good and so enticing. As a guy who's worked, I've, I've just spent my career with and around attorneys. There's something else here that I feel like I would not be a good human being if I didn't tell you, you need to get somebody in your corner to at least look at this offer because something doesn't feel right. And how much debt are you taking on, on his behalf? I don't, I don't understand this. Well, he, he and I were supposed to each pay half of the taxes on the house this Last year.


And I paid mine and he didn't pay his. So I've been paying his half of the taxes on the house. And then two years ago, he wrote the bad check for the state taxes and the state came after me and we're trying to take my, you know, This is my worry. He's gonna make a lot of half bake paycheck promises and go, well, yeah, yeah, half is mine. And then puts you in debt on top of the 20,000 you're gonna take out while you're already living paycheck to paycheck. Do you see why we're worried for you? Yeah. I mean, well, I, I told him I wanted to make sure his debts were his, this is final. I don't want anything else to come to me. And, and he's, here's what he's gonna tell you To my name. So the state taxes went to my name too. Here's what he is gonna tell you. Yeah. It's all part of this. You just get to keep the house and you're gonna go, okay.


And I get to keep the house and it's worth a lot of money and it's not gonna disrupt our two youngest. And that's my main concern right now. And George and I are both are, we're worried about you tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that. And my promise to you is, and this is gonna sound bonkers, your two kids who are at home would rather be in a two bedroom apartment with a mom who's got peace, which means money in a checking account, not knowing who's knocking on the door to tell, to tell them to tell you that you owe a bajillion more dollars on your husband's, your ex-husband's behalf. Right. They would want a mom with peace more than they want this giant $600,000 house.


And a mom who's just walking around stressed all the time at who's gonna ring the doorbell next. I'm not saying you have to sell the house. I'm Just, I'm afraid it's not worth I, I'll be in more debt trying to pay rent somewhere that I live free other than the house bill. But rent isn't debt. And if you sell that house, you got a big pile of money. Even after you pay off all your debt, you'd still have a giant pile of money to go buy something reasonable that suits your needs, that doesn't need a bunch of repairs that you can afford. Ongoing. That's what I'm, without knowing anything more, that's what I would be doing. But I'm just, I'm telling you that's a clean story. I would tell my sister what I would tell my brother, what I would tell my friends, what I would do myself.


And I would not sign anything. I would not move forward until I was sitting with an attorney who had reviewed this stuff. And there are attorneys, I know them personally, who will go to war on behalf of a grieving now single mom. 'cause jerk husband left and left him with a mess. Man. I know some great attorneys. They smile and they say, sign me up baby. I'll go dig into this sucker. You need someone fighting for you. That's right. And for anyone going through this awful situation called divorce, we've got a great resource on the Ramsey Solutions website. We'll link in in the show notes, it's called Divorce Checklist How to Prepare For Divorce from our friend Dr.


John Delony. It'll just walk you through step-by-step tactical things you can do to make sure you're protected. Because as we say, John, you know, divorce turns marriage into a business transaction. That's right. That's right. It's not fun. Any business transaction that looks like I'll just take 20. You take 600,000. I'm gonna go, wait a minute. It's one of those like, trust me bro. Yeah, it's a great deal. Take it. Yeah, Don't we care about you? Call an attorney today. We'll be right back. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Today's scripture of the day is Proverbs 26 20. Without wood, a fire goes out and without gossip, a quarrel dies down.


The great George Harrison says, gossip is the devil's radio. That's snappier. That Is snappy. Some would say that is also a quote for smashing pumpkins. Let's go out to Dallas, Texas and talk to a MY. What's up Amy? How are we doing? I am good. What's up? Kind of, Not really. Not really. So I, I have a question. I was just trying to find a way to get through our debt fast. So my husband and I have 500 and I just discovered you guys on Monday. So I printed out the baby chip and place it on our fridge.


And So, oh, you went all in, Did You get the Kool-Aid packets and just start chugging them? Not, yeah, no, You gotta drink the Kool-Aid if you're gonna be part of the, of the cult, but go for it. Oh yeah. Alright, so go for it. Yeah, But I, I, I'm getting there though. I, I promise. Excellent. But, but, but we are already done with baby step one. We're on baby step two. We're I, we have 530,000 of debt. And so I was just trying to figure out what is the fastest way to get through that. 'cause I'm eager to get to baby step three so I can feel a little bit more secure. What kind of debt is the 530? Does this include real estate debt, A mortgage?


Yes, sir. Okay, so let's separate, let's just focus on consumer debt and baby step two. What does that add up to? Oh, Okay. Well we have like a 401k loan of $20,000 and then the rest is the house. Oh, okay. So if we knock out the 401k loan, the rest is your primary house mortgage? Yes. So you owe five 10 on your home? Yes. And I was worried that it was too much, like if we pay too much or you know, pay too much for a house, but I Know. Well that's too late now. But what is your household income? Yeah, Let's see. I make 86,000.


It should go up 2% in September. And then my husband, he makes I think about 118. Okay, great. So you guys are bringing in well over 200 K. Yeah. So why haven't we been able to knock out this 401k loan making? 200 K. Where is all this money going? Is it to the mortgage? Yeah, well yeah, our mortgage is the like 4,500 a month. And what's your take home pay every month? What actually shows up in your bank account? So currently it's, so currently it's 48, 4800 on, on for my side only because I started a new position later, but in September I'll get the 86,000, it'll Oh, So you're not making 86?


I'm a counselor. Yeah, I, it's, it's, it's been prorated to 73, but then in August or September I'll get the 86 to 88,000. So you make 48 a month right now. What does he bring home a month? Oh my gosh. I should have gotten that number. I, gosh, I, I, and I should know this. It's okay, we can take a wild guess, but my question here is if the mortgage is 4,500 and you guys bring home 10 grand, well that's a lot of your world being eaten up by that mortgage. And if there's not a long term solution to get the income up, this house may not be a sustainable, you know, solution for us.


So that's one side of this, but here's the key. You're gonna knock out this 20 k quickly. And the thing is, I think you guys have just kind of been sloppy, a little bit lazy, doing a lot of things at once, right? Yes. Are you investing right now at all? Either of you. Well, no. I mean, I have like a, 'cause I, I'm a school counselor, so I have the teacher retirement deal, but that's about it. Like I haven't even gone towards getting a Roth or anything yet. Do They force you to invest in that or is it Optional? No, they don't force us. It's, it's, it's optional. So how much are you investing right now?


None. Okay. And how about your husband? My hus my husband has a 401k. So, and I, I, you know, I I, I think that I had to ask questions. Okay. That's to talk to my husband. Well you got homework to do, but here's the key. I want you to pause all investing until this 401k loan is knocked out. Okay? Because here's the thing, taking out that 401k loan unplugged all the growth. And so it's like you keep adding water to a boat that you basically made a giant hole in. Okay? and so we got to knock out this debt first. Making 200 grand. You should be able to knock out 20 grand within a few months if you get focused Okay. And get on a budget. Okay?


And then the mortgage, that's the thing we need to figure out with your husband. Hey, if we bring home 18 grand a month, then 4,500 bucks we can manage. If we're bringing home four 10 grand a month, 11 grand a month, this is gonna be a hard pill to swallow for a long, long time. We might need to eventually sell this house and get something more affordable. Wow. Okay. But baby, step two you're gonna knock out real quick 'cause it's just consumer debt baby. Step six is when you knock out the mortgage and so you've got, you've got a gap there. We gotta get through baby. Step two, get a fully funded emergency fund, then we begin investing while paying down the house. So do you guys have any money in savings? Yeah, we have the, we have $4,000 but that's going towards paying off the 4 0 1 Okay.


K loan. Yeah. Any savings, any extra income needs to be getting thrown at that loan, that kind of focus. Intensity you'll be done with this thing in a few months. Okay. And since you're a new listener, Amy, I'm gonna gift you Financial Peace University as well as a copy of my book, breaking free from Broke. Go through both of those with your husband and I think that's gonna light a fire under you to stop messing around and just get focused for a season. Okay. Got it. Awesome. Hang on the line. Eeb will pick up, we'll get you the book and FPU And welcome to the gang of not normal people. The hardest part, John, is just going like, okay, I gotta do something. That's not the way I've been doing it. That's right. So difficult. And then once you Do Dallas, you go full of people like, look at my house, look at my cars, look at my fancy boots.


Right? And being able to say I'm selling that. I'm not borrowing that, I'm driving that and I'm gonna have something y'all don't have, which is peace in my house. Nana, Nana, boo boo. Let's run out to Chris in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Hey Chris, we're up against the very end of the show. Get right to your question, what's up? Sure. So my wife and I are in baby step two. We just finished clearing up $46,000 of consumer debt. Way To Go. Awesome. Yeah. 16 K of that was a car and 30 K of that was federal student loans. So we only have two debts left and they're big ones. One is the mortgage and then one is her private student loans that we, that she had refinanced.


So the mortgage is about 70,000 and the private student loans are about 140,000. So I was wondering, my question is, is it okay to go out of order with the baby steps and pay off the mortgage first and then the private student loan? Or would you stay in order? I'd stick with paying off the student loans. Okay. Oh, I'd be tempted to do it the other way. How? What's your income Together? We make about, well we take home about one 50 KA year. Okay. So if you guys got real focused, could you knock out these student loans in two and a half years? What are we talking as far as timeline?


Yeah, I'd say about three years. If it, if we were gonna do the student loans first and then half of That. Oh, these student loans, they're made up of a bunch of loans I assume. No. So it was, it was refinanced to one giant loan. Oh gosh. What is the payment on $140,000 student loan? It's about 15, 15, 28 a month. What's your mortgage payment a month? 1562. So it's within $40 of each other. Ooh. Alright George. So go with me on this. He pays the mortgage off and you guys get Like. this is out of order. this is not the Ramsey steps, but you get B-A-N-A-N-A-S about that mortgage and you decide we're gonna have this done in 12 months.


We are gonna work maniacally. But more importantly for you guys, we're not, we're just not gonna spend, we're gonna be silly. Then we have a house that no one can take away. this is the one, and I'm going against everything. I always say, George, so tell me if I'm wrong. This would be the one time that it feels like I might gamble on some student loan forgiveness. 'cause I'm gonna have this house. I'm gonna keep this house no matter what. I'm gonna pay this house off. And maybe the other thing comes through. Yeah, probably not. I'll Go with you on this, John. It's mainly because there's no real debt snowball to do here. You're not freeing up payments along the way. The house Is giant mountain. this is the lower debt. Yeah. And so you'll knock that out in half the time. Free up the same amount of money. Start throwing that at the student loan debt.


I think this plan works. And with your intensity, it's gonna be a wash either way. So go for it. You have my permission. It's all you need. Did we just agree? We just agreed to agree? We just Agreed. Hey, thanks for joining us right here on The. Ramsey. Show. We will be back in no time. Don't borrow money. We love y'all.


Hey folks, Dave here. You want to hear even more life-changing content from Ramsey. Download the Ramsey Network app so you can catch all your favorite shows. All in One, Place like The, Ramsey Show Smart Money Happy Hour and The Dr John Delony Show. You'll get real talk about life, relationships, money and your career. Plus the app lets you browse by topic like debt business or selling your home. Get the content you want whenever and wherever you wanna listen. Download the Ramsey Network app today.