
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel Ramsey Personality Number one bestselling author of the book, breaking Free from Broke host of the George Kamel Show, massive YouTube property and all round network star here at the Ramsey Network. He's my co-host today, Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Steve starts off this hour in Atlantic Jor, Atlantic City. I'll get it out. Hey Steve, what's up?


Hey, thanks for taking my call. Thanks George. I want to thank you guys for what you're doing, first of all, 'cause not many people are, are financially smart, I guess you would say. And so what you guys are doing is, is awesome. Well, thank you, sir. I'm, I'm 41 and I'm, I'm really not planning to work until 60 something years old to retire. And so I, I have retirement and I have investments that aren't retirement. And so I'm investing heavy right now, and I feel like it's so overinflated at the moment. And being that I'm not completely out, I have significant money in right now.


Would it be wise to, to just collect 5% in the money market and wait for a correction? I know you're more of a slow and steady just keep putting it in every week, but it just seems a little crazy right now. Yeah. Well, generally speaking, the, the reason it seems a little crazy is it's the first time you have stood on top of that mountain. If you'd stood on top of that mountain several different times, it wouldn't feel as crazy. And so it, it's an emotion that says, I've never been here before. And, and human nature, I think there's something about, you know, there's a black side of human nature, the, a dark side of human nature that says, oh, he can't stay good.


Nothing can stay good. It's like, if everything's good, I have to look over my shoulder. Something must be wrong. And that's human nature. But that's an emotion, Steve. There's no data that says we're due for a correction. If you had called me five years ago and I said, oh yeah, yeah, we're getting ready to have a correction, you would've missed out on a 90% rate of return. You're in the last five years in the s and p 500, your money has doubled in the last five years. And so and so, why do we not think it's gonna do that in the next five? Well, I mean, it goes up, it goes down, you know, in 22, the market was down overall in 23, it was up 27%.


It's up 18% already this year. But that doesn't mean that it has to correct because there's actual, there's actual income and assets backing the f the companies that create the stock price. You don't, you don't price Home Depot stock based on a wish, a dream and a prayer. Home Depot actually makes money and they own stuff. You don't price Apple stock based on a wish and a prayer. They actually make stuff and make a profit. And you can use those numbers to determine the value of the company and therefore the value of the stock. And that's where this is coming from. It's coming from the prosperity of these companies, George.


And what's amazing, Steve, if you actually look at the data, if you go look at right now the s and p 500 returns, you know, the last major dip was Covid. And guess what? March, 2020 was the dip. It came back in July. Back to record highs. And so you gotta just, you know, the old saying, it's true, it's not about timing the market, it's about time in the market. And the best investors out there are the average ones who just let it ride. Yeah. So please don't try to time the market is the moral of this story. And that's what you were asking about. So, and, and you know, I guess it's one of the reasons I tell folks to be in with a smart vest pro. Because all the data tells us that someone who has a good broker in their corner, not somebody who's a shyster, but somebody, somebody's calm and da databased and they'll teach you, talk you off the ledge, you know, talk Steve off the ledge.


They tend to keep you in the market. They tend to say, don't get out. Don't get out. Don't get out. They don't call you up and go, I'll be scared. No, don't get out. Don't get out. Don't get out. Set it and forget it. Set it and forget it. Time in the markets. More than timing of the market. Well, that's a great phrase. I love that phrase. And, and the, so all the data says, for that reason, if no other reason, a, a good broker in your corner, a good smart vista pro in your corner makes you money because they keep you from, from, from the, as Churchill talked about, his depression, he said, he called it the black dog. Right? The black dog inside of every one of us is telling you, you know, get outta the market, it's gonna crash, get outta the market, it's gonna correct.


And there's nothing that indicates that. Well, What causes a lot of that is the inputs you have in your life. And I'm guessing, you know, Steve Watson some headlines and it's going, that's true. We've hit record highs, but what's around the corner? What's gonna happen with this election this year? And? what about the Fed and the interest rates? It's all gotta come crashing down eventually. There's clickbait every day since the internet was invented. Every day there's clickbait that says, economists predicting the end of the world, you know, quickly read my article. I love those guys are my favorite. 'cause whenever they're wrong, they go, oh, we missed a calculation. We're off by a few years, we'll be back. And I go, okay. So I guess it wasn't the end of the world. Yeah. And I guess We're all still Here. So Steve, please, I gotta tell you what, what's George doing?


George is gonna stay. He's not looking for a correction. What's Dave doing? We're gonna continue to invest. We're not looking for a correction. If someone handed me a million dollars today, I I would an extra million. That'd be cool. I'll take it. I I would put it in the stock market in good mutual funds, or I'd buy a piece of real estate with it. 'cause I'm bullish on both. I think that America is the best is yet to come, baby. The best is yet to come. We're not done. It didn't, it didn't peak out. We missed the top. No, you didn't miss the top. 'cause if you go back and look, 30 years since I've been doing this, I mean, 2008 the Dow went to 6,800. It's almost 40,000. Wow. You know, I mean, golly, what would your money be worth?


Oh, please, please, please don't time the, Well, I, I had people in my own family, they took out money during when they got spooked. 'cause someone told them, Hey, now's the time. Take the money out. There's about to be a correction. And then the money sat in a settlement account making 0% and then the market came back as it always does, like A roaring. And they lost out on all of that growth. Yeah. And it's heartbreaking to see. And we get calls like that where they say, Dave, I haven't invested, or I pulled my money out. Now what do I do? I'm broke. 'cause I didn't stay on the rollercoaster. Yeah. And that was the last time we saw a major correction in the market was 2008. And the Dow took a dive. It took a dive off a cliff down to, from from, I think it was about 14 And.


It went down to 68. It went back basically in half your value, what you had in your mutual fund, if you had a million dollars, it turned into 500,000. And that scared the crap out of people. And you know what I did? I scraped EveryDollar I could and I bought more. It's on sale half off. That's right. You're at Kmart and the blue lights on any of you old people know what that means, right? Yeah. Blue Light special. You don't even know what Kmart is. Much less what the blue light is. But when I was a little kid, a little redneck kid, we would go to Kmart and they had these little roller things, little square cabinet with a pole and a blue light on top. And they would roll it over next to an item and put that item on a flash sale and turn the blue light on. That's pretty impressive technology for, for that time. It's blue light technology. Had a little, had a little extension cord, followed it around.


So And It. So you thought the police had set up shop right there in that corner of the Kmart. But, but all the redneck women run over there and got their deals, I'm telling you. So a Stanley saw. It's a special, it's a deal. It's a special, it's a bargain. It's what that means. And so If it's doing well, be thankful. And if it's not doing well, it's on sale. Be super Thankful. Thankful. There we go. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. this is Delony. And I'm always railing against social media, especially in the summer because everyone uploads the highlight reels of their perfect bodies and perfect vacations and perfect kids. And I know they're not real. And I also know that I'm blessed beyond my wildest dreams, but I still find myself wishing my life was like other people's. And based on the data I know this is happening to you too. Comparison is wired into us, but comparison can also become the thief of joy because we can feel like we're not enough and begin acting and thinking in ways we would never think otherwise. When it all gets to be too much, think about contacting BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. And by the way, therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for all of us who are ready to get outta the comparison spin cycle and find our own peace and joy in the life we're creating. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/dooney.


Hey, jump over there and get that book. I wanna put it on. Oh Yeah, Absolutely. So we just laid a book down as we're walking back in from inside, so I'm sending George to pick it up 'cause so an old friend of ours, Davey Blackburn, just dropped in Davey. Many of you'll will remember the story. It was about six or seven years ago, I think. He, he's a youth pastor and his wife was murdered in their home in Indiana. And, and, and so the story is horrible and heart wrenching and amazing. I endorsed the new book called Nothing is Wasted. And it's the, the whole story of, you know, what happened in the whole process. So it, it's, and the book, he just had got a book done and the book has come out.


So we wanna tell you guys about it. Nothing is wasted and he is got the nothing is Wasted ministries and it's even the murder of his wife. Nothing is wasted. Wow. Crazy. There were a lot of redemption and healing and forgiveness and hope and all kinds of great things. Yeah. So Amanda and their unborn daughter, high profile case slowly meandered its way through the, toward legal justice. David embarked on the wrenching task of finding the strength to restore shattered soul and broken pieces in his life. Yeah. That's the writeup on the book. So nothing is wasted. I'm gonna tell you guys about it. He's a great man and it's a horrible, tragic story, but a beautiful, beautiful result out of a horrible situation.


And so picture of Amanda on the front of it, so Wow. Good stuff. Nothing is wasted. You guys be sure. I think it's apparently on the street right now. It just, just came out. So be sure and check that out. I'll, I'll definitely give that a read. I know the whole story in I know Davey and he's spoken here for our team and you know, we were behind the scenes helping him with all the stuff when all the things were going on and Wow, what a deal. What A deal looks like it's on pre-order right now, but Oh, it's on pre-order. Okay. Publication date, pub date July 30th. So coming out the end of the month. You can pre-order it Now. Okay. Thank you George. Yeah. Always here to, to Help. Yeah, well I mean you, you get the book off the chair, you find out their publishing information the whole best. So we make this up as we go around here.


Alright. And George, George catches all my slack, which apparently there's a lot of it. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Adam is with us in Chicago. Hey Adam. What's up? Hi Dave, how are you doing today? Better than I deserve. how are you Doing quite well. So I've got a a bit of a question for you. I'm currently baby step two. I've already made quite a bit of progress, but my girlfriend and I are looking to get, hopefully married in the next couple years. And I'm just looking for some guidance on what's the proper way to go about doing that. While we're still actively kind of in the midst of debt.


There's not a, we do not tell people to wait to be out of debt to get married. As a matter of fact, we tell them, go and get married if you're gonna get married, get married. Period. That's simple. We do tell you to not spend $70,000 on a wedding when you've got $60,000 in debt. You know, I, I would tell you that. Right. But, but the getting married part, getting married does not hold you back for getting outta debt. Now what I will tell you, and you probably have already, based on the way you formed your sentences and the way you brought this to the table, you're probably already doing this, but I will tell you that you don't want to get married to someone who doesn't share your hatred of debt.


Right. Because that's gonna be a long life, long miserable life. Yeah. So, but, so, but if you're both saying, Hey, this sucks, we're gonna lean in, be gazelle intense and get out of it, that, you know, but we're gonna wait till we're outta debt to get married. I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't, I I'd go ahead and get, I'd go ahead and get married and Gotcha. Okay. It, you know, George, that's, that's consistent with what we teach. Well what's, how much debt are we talking here? Because you said a few years to where it tells me if, are you waiting a few years because of the financial situation or are you saying that's a natural sort of progression of this sort relationship? Mostly because of the financial situation.


So currently I'll just, I'll just lay out our debts because it's pretty simple. It's just, I've got about 11 k left on a car loan. That's my last thing to pay off. And then she's got about 50,000 in student loans. Okay. And. what, what is her income? Her income, unfortunately she just lost her job, but she was at about 50 KA year. Okay. So probably, probably get something around that range again, And what will, what do you make This year? I'm making 47, but I'm up in line for promotion next year. So hopefully a bump up from there. Okay. So you're gonna be the a hundred, 110 range I'm guessing if you were married. And how old are you two?


We are 27. Okay. Is there any reason not to go ahead and get married? No. Other than just saving up to make sure we pay for it in cash. Sure, sure. Okay. How long have you been dating? I've been dating about eight years now. Okay. Time to paint or get off the ladder Today? It's high time my friend. Seriously? Oh my gosh. You gotta get engaged first. Yeah, but let's not make this another five year engagement after that. And then one day I got my patience with this personally. I mean, I'm just speaking for Dave 'cause you know, just, I think Sharon would've been long gone if Dave went it eight years. Yeah. She'd been going, what's that country song? Get me to the church or something. I don't know. But anyway, that, oh, little big town had a song, but yeah, that's it.


Whatever. Paint, paint the church white, whatever the thing is. Yeah. No, get married, get married as fast as you can. Here's The, the best case scenario is you naturally both become debt free before the wedding. Worst case you get together and you make a hundred something thousand and you knock out the debt quickly. That's a worst case scenario. Yeah. If you're, you know, you, you've had a, a lengthy time to get to know each other and you're, you're ready and you're 27, you're not 20, you're not 18 and 17, you know, you're not that. So to have that call At this point, you know, if I wanna spend my life with this person. 'cause you've already spent a good chunk of your life with this person. Yeah. At eight years. Yeah. So yes, I would get married as soon as possible and reasonable.


And I would not wait on clearing debt to do that. As long as you're both aligned on how we're gonna handle money. And It sounds like you are. So good question. Thank you Adam. Appreciate you calling in. Mitchell is in Edmonton, Alberta. Hey Mitchell, what's up with you? Hey guys, not too much. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? Yeah, so Dave, George, I'm just trying to navigate the baby steps a little bit here. Right now we're just working on paying off our mortgage, which obviously like everyone we hate monthly payments, mortgage included. So we kind of just want that gone. The deal is myself and my wife, we both work full time debt free other than the mortgage with about 400 k remaining on that, where it gets a little bit different on top of our jobs.


We also started, this is four years ago, we started an event rental business. So we ran that throughout the summers. At this point though, it's just kind of gotten to be a little bit too much for us to manage, especially now we've got a 2-year-old. So really just want some more time to do family stuff. So we decided to sell the business. We have a sale lined up actually, and after the sale we figure we should have about 300,000 in cash and liquid investments that we can put towards the mortgage. Yay. And just wondering, hey, there we go. Yeah, just, just kind of wondering if the best thing to do is just to put that lump sum straight to towards that or Yes. Maybe leave a portion. It's straight. Yes, Yes, absolutely.


You're, you know, you're out of debt, you have an emergency fund, right? Yeah, you Bet. Your household income is what? I'm just over a hundred. She's rated at 75, so Okay. 175 Mine chip. So, And you owe 400, you're gonna get 300. Yeah. You're, you know, baby step 6, 4, 5, and six is what we, we'd be putting 15% of your income away already and towards retirement. And baby step four five is kids' college. If you wanna throw something towards kids' college or something, you can, if you're not already doing that, and then I'm gonna throw the rest of it at the house. I will take something out of it and just go on some kind of celebration. You know, let's take 20 grand and, you know, go buy a thingy or go on a cruise or whatever it is you want to do.


I don't care. this is some way to, to kind of enjoy the success, enjoy the success, and then I'm gonna throw the rest of it at the house and then reach over in my 175 income and knock out a house out in what, two years? You're gonna be dead free. That's pretty cool, dude. Yeah, yeah. No, it's good. I, so like, I guess the reason I, I was really asking, like I mentioned, I hate the, the mortgage payments and I had this, this idea, and don't, don't rip me apart too much, but the idea I had was just basically to have it sitting in, in some kind of mutual fund or something like that and to just draw that month by month to, to pay for the house, basically allowing it to produce returns. Yeah. Or is that just Collection?


I just, I, we don't find any millionaires that do that. We find them just paying off their mortgage. All the free payment does, all the data indicates that wealthy people don't do that stuff. They just really, they just hate mortgages. Get rid of their mortgage and they don't money in their retirement. And that's the first level of wealth, the first million to $5 million. That's where it comes from. So I just don't find people doing it. And, and the reason is, it adds risk to the situation


If recent times have shown us anything, it's that the least expected events can and will happen and we have to deal with them. That's why everyone who has a family counting on them needs term life insurance for over 25 years. The only company I've recommended is Xander. Insurance. That's because Xandr is a broker that works for you. They search all the top term life plans out there and find you the best rates and make the process of getting coverage quick and easy. You can apply online or over the phone in just minutes. And they offer plans with super competitive rates that don't require a medical exam, making it faster and simpler than ever to get the coverage you need. I trust Xandr for all my insurance needs and you can trust them too. Don't put off getting term life insurance until it's too late. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 for a fast and easy quote today. That's xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


George Kamel Ramsey Personality is my co-host. Thank you for joining us America. I am Dave Ramsey.


The Ramsey Summer Black Friday sale ends tonight. this is Wednesday for those of you the 17th. Tonight it ends at midnight. this is the best deals we've had. this is prime time to save, get prices as low as $12 on our bestselling books and tools to help you crush debt. Find the Work You Love, teach your kids about money or simply live a more joyful life baby steps millionaires Number one bestseller. Learn how ordinary people built extraordinary Wealth on sale building a non-anxious life. Number one bestseller with Dr. John Delony walks you through the six daily choices to build a more peaceful, joyful, non-anxious life in a culture that's defined by anxiety. Get clear assessment from Ken Coleman. Discover your top talents, passions on sale, questions for humans, couples edition on sale, all these bestsellers and many other things on sale for $12. Be sure and check them out the summer, black Friday sale Ramsey Solutions dot com slash sale ends midnight to night. Do not delay.


Thanks for being with us. Amber's on the line. Amber's in Detroit. Hi Amber, how are you? Hi, how are you doing Dave Better than I deserve. What's up? Okay, so basically I went to court yesterday as I was sum court by Capital One on the behalf. Well the lawyers based on Capital One. So they directly sued me. The lawyer approached me in court to settle out, but the settlement was for, well the debt overall is 7,000 with the court fee. And so they pretty much told me I could settle out for $6,000 with interest that would incur if I was on a, a monthly payment. I was trying to do a lump sum, but I can't afford that.


I'm in economic hardship. And I explained that to the lawyer. Explain. And they're not, they're playing hardball and I'm trying to find out how can I go about settling for a lower amount. Well, wow. So, so in most states, Michigan I think is one of them. They can garnish you your wages, but it'll take them a while if you don't do anything. Okay? So what happens is the set, the, the, the lawsuit, they've offered you a settlement and in the meantime they're gonna take a judgment. Okay?


The, the, the court is gonna rule that you owe the money and didn't pay the money judgment. So when the judgment becomes final, at least 30 days will go by if not more before they can execute on the judgment. Executing on the judgment means that they would scarf money out of a bank account or garnish you a wage if your state allows those things. Okay? Texas, for instance, does not allow that, but I'm pretty sure Michigan does. I'm not an attorney in Michigan, so not an attorney anywhere. So, but that, that's, that's the type of thing you're facing. So there's nothing on fire. Nothing's going to happen bad to you in the next 10 minutes.


It's gonna be a month or two or six or a year. Okay. Does that make sense? Okay. See one, one of the things I've found is if I can get the panic off, then I can get my edge back in this negotiation. You went down to court, which is so unusual. I'm really shocked that this moron only offered you a six grand settlement on a $7,000 balance. I I would've guessed they would've offered 50 cents on the dollar hoping you would offer a quarter on the dollar. We generally can get most of these bad credit card debts to settle for somewhere around, you know, 15 to 20 cents on the dollar.


All we do is just call 'em up and yell at 'em. Okay? And your financial hardship really doesn't matter to any of them. They don't give a crap about you, the lawyer, capital One, the judge, none of them do. Okay. So they, they don't, your story holds no water whatsoever. Crime of river as far as they're concerned. Okay? Now I understand what it does. It, it pinches your emotions. And It keeps you terrorized. And It makes you, you know, have things in your throat that you know, and, you know, gulp, gulp gulp. I I've been there. I remember these, you know, little sweat in the palm of your hands. You, you had some pretty big courage to walk into that courtroom.


Amber. Way to go. Thank you. Yeah, I'm very nervous Actually. I bet, I bet. but it it's kind of funny though, isn't it? I mean, it's like the first time I ever got a speeding ticket, And, it's first of many, but I, I went to traffic court and traffic court is like nothing. I mean I, I was more scared of my sixth grade teacher than I was traffic court. Traffic court's a joke. You go in there and they go, oh, you showed up. Okay, we'll wave the ticket. Right? Your first one, most places they do that, right? You bother to show up And did you kind of have that experience? It's like you were all scared and you thought you were going down there, there's gonna be like a trial and they were gonna, you know, have a jury and Matlock was gonna come out, or Perry Mason or somebody.


And it's just like nothing. You're just like a in a, you're down there in the middle of a grinder and they're just making hamburger meat, taking a Number at the deli or next. Did you notice that? Yes. There's really no drama is there? No. Yeah. So Not, not that I imagine. Yeah. So not like your brain had told you for the three days before you went down there. So the same thing is true now of settling this. Okay? They a they put this out there as if it's their only thing. They, they're gonna do the, their chances of actually collecting anything from you statistically is zero.


98% of the people in your situation end up filing bankruptcy or just disappearing. And they can't find them. They all, they collect almost none of these judgements and they know that. So they, and and they, they were so shocked that an actual human being showed up, they didn't know what to do. It never happens. So all that to say is this, you, you owe $7,000. You could probably settle that for two grand. And I want you to scrape together two grand really, really fast. What do you make? I I have two grand. So actually I'm an independent contractor. I do cosmetology work. You do have 2000. I can, I, yeah, I tried to, so I end up calling them back yesterday after the court hearing because I had to do another motion to say payment installments of I could afford a hundred.


No, I don't do any payment. No payment installments. No, do not give any payments. Okay. No. So I already have the motion put in file days. So I don't know what to do with that. Like I had to do another motion for them, you Know, for payments. You took an installment plan on, on as a motion? Yeah. Okay. Call the judge and tell 'em you can't do it. Okay. Okay. Just tell 'em pull that out. 'cause it's just say I, I looked at my budget, your Honor. I'm sorry I can't do it. I can settle with them for $2,000 and that's all I can do. I don't have room in the budget to do this. I was just scared and I shouldn't have filed that. I'm sorry. And just tell the, tell the court clerk that and tell him to pull the motion off the docket.


Okay? Okay. They'll do it. And, and then call up Capital One boy and tell him that you talked to your financial advisor and your financial advisor told you to file bankruptcy if he won't take the two grand because I just told you to do that. Okay. I really don't want you to do that by the way, but I did just tell you that so you can tell him I said that. I mean, yeah, I, I, I honestly it was my next option because No, you're not bankrupt. You, you don't need to file bankruptcy. You need to just, you need to bluff. Oh okay. Okay. Just walk away. Just go all, I got two grand if you want some money, Bubba, here's some money. If you don't want some money, we got nothing else to talk about. 'cause I'm not paying you payments and if you come after me and start messing with my my paycheck, I'm gonna file bankruptcy on you.


So you're gonna get nothing. I'm a chapter seven. Tell him this. Tell him my financial advisor said I'm a chapter seven looking for a place to happen. Oh, okay. Yeah, they'll know what it means. Yeah. 'cause you are And he knows that. He knows the same statistics I know that as soon as he pushes you to the wall and garnishes your wedges, you're gonna file and he is gonna get nothing. Now I am not saying you're bankrupt, you're not Amber. 'cause you're gonna scrape together 2000. Now here's what we're gonna do. He's not gonna take it today, but if you keep pestering them, they might take it in the meantime, pile it up to three K and up your offer and keep up it until you get it settled and settle it for a lump sum for pennies on the dollar.


50 cents on the dollar max. 35 hundred's max. Until then, just beat the snot out of 'em. Just worry 'em. Call 'em every day. Y'all ready to take some money? I got money. Y'all want the money? When are y'all gonna take my money? I'm begging you to take my money. I'm calling you to take my money. You don't have to call me. I'm calling you And just, just have fun with this. this is The Ramsey Show.


There aren't many places you can save hundreds of dollars a month and still give you great service. Especially with health insurance. That's why Health Trust Financial is the only health insurance company Ramsey recommends Health Trust. Financial objectively compares the top health insurance providers to meet your needs and budget. And remember, the service is free and there's no commitment. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com. Health Trust Financial dot com.


George Kamel Ramsey Personality is my co-host Today our question of the day comes from Ethan in Minnesota. Ethan Says, my wife and I would be best described as baby step ish Up until the beginning of this year, unfortunately we always seemed to slip back into debt and I can't figure out why we just completed Financial Peace University at our church. But I need help with prioritizing while we're still in baby. Step two, trying to pay off our consumer debt. We've been putting 12% into our 401k because of my company's 100% match. We also have $7,000 in a Robinhood account and $10,000 in savings together. Our income is approximately 150,000 a year.


My question, should I pull the Robinhood 5K and stop our four 401k contributions temporarily? I honestly don't want to touch the 10,000 in savings with five children. An aging furnace and a second vehicle. Murphy is bound to stop by soon. Ethan, I don't think we can help you. You've decided to do Ethan's plan. Yeah and he said he's gonna keep doing Ethan's plan. So I mean, you know exactly what you're supposed to do And, what we teach you to do. And millions of people have followed exactly what we told you to do. But for some reason you the broke guy, don't think you need to do it.


I don't think we can help you. You're not help, you're not willing to be helped. And they've already been through the financial Fe's. Like if I hire a personal trainer who has a six pack or an eight pack is ripped like a Greek God and I here go down there and I go down there in the gym with my keg and he's got a six pack my belly sticking out in front of me and I go, I don't think I agree with your nutrition plan. I don't think I'm going to do those exercises the way you think they ought to be done. You know what that is? Ethan Dumber than crap.


That's what that is. And that's what this email is. It's dumber than crap. It's unbelievable. Well He is wasting his own time and he is wasting everyone else's time. 'cause clearly you like your plan even though your plan's not working, Even though it sucks. That's essentially What You said and you're the, the results suck and you're financially upside down and sideways and you've been all around this. You know what we're gonna say And yet you tell, you tell us what the guidelines are that you will go along with. Gimme a break dude. Go do something else. Quit wasting your time with our stuff because if you're, if you're half but gonna do it, you're gonna get a half but result or a worse result even, you know.


So no, I don't think we can help you. Alright, that was easy. Dawn. Dawn's with us in Austin, Texas. Hey Dawn, how are you? Hi Dave. Hi George. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? Well we were wondering, my husband and I, we think we're in baby step seven. We think we've maxed out this five 20 nines for where our kids are going to school and wanted to know if we wanna continue to contribute on their behalf. Where's the best place to place those investments now that they're gonna be withdrawing for the 5 29 plan? You've ma you're not gonna put any more in the 5 29, right? Well we've, we've got, they're going to instate college tuition. It's about 120 and we got 150 in there. So, Okay, so you're good trying To identify where You go.


Yeah, well I mean you could cover housing and books out of that too, so you're fine. but yeah, so you wanna put more money aside just for your kids, just for life or in case you wanted to upgrade something at the school. Right. And we, you know, we are already in the rhythm of doing so, so we wanted to continue. Okay, Cool. I just, I wouldn't, I would just put it in your name and gift Okay. And gift it to 'em later. Okay. Well so I appreciate it. Thanks So, so much. Yeah, so if you got an extra four or $500,000 laying around, you wanna give a kid a couple hundred for their first house or something, that'd be cool. Alright. I appreciate it. Yeah. And you can look into, you know, it's not gonna hit, there's an estate gift limit, but you're not gonna, it's millions and millions and millions, 27 million this year.


So It'll go against that. But you're not even gonna go near touching that. So don't be worried about that. But what a cool way to bless the kids. Yeah. Very Neat parents of the year right there. Very Neat. That's The kind of stuff you can do when you do the baby steps. Well baby, step seven, she's brilliant. I mean, well done Dawn. Way to go. I mean you killed it quite the opposite of our emailer. But the, and the thing is, like I have, I've run into people now that have been doing the Ramsey stuff so long, George, that they did this. They had a, a wedding fund fully funded. They have their education fund, fully funded wedding fund is in their personal name, but they're able to then pay for their kids' wedding. Right. And their first house pay cash for it.


Cash for the couple's first house. And the guy said, I just make my kids sign a, a little one page letter that says promises that they will never go into debt for anything if I give 'em a free house so that I'm the last person with my last name to ever have any debt in this branch of the family tree. Wow. Completely break the cycle forever. That's legacy. That's the definition right there. It's fun. That's fun. That's pretty cool. And Dawn's she's approaching being able to do that. Yeah. Well I wanted to ask you about that. I was gonna do it off air. I'll ask on now. 'cause this is good teaching for those of us that are following the baby steps. I got a about 1-year-old little girl now and I'm thinking about these things. Hey, I'd love to help cover, I want to cover the wedding help. You know, maybe the 4 0 1 day of plan for her first car I pitch in half.


She gets some skin in the game, pitches in the other half, maybe pay, you know, obviously pay for college, make sure we cash flow that maybe cover her first house maybe with her spouse one day. Yep. Yep. Are those wise things to do? It's sort of like getting an inheritance early in a way. Yeah, It is very wise to do, but the wisdom is contingent upon the kid, you know, buying into the value system. And so if the kid's off the ranch, obviously, you know, they're, they're out there going crazy and whatever. We're not gonna, you know, we're doing heroin, I'm not buying 'em a house. Right. I mean, you're not, obviously your child's not gonna be doing that, but dear God, I hope, but the, you know what I'm saying? Or if they, you know, they marry somebody who's got a screw lose or something, then you know we're not gonna do it.


But if the two of you are sane and you buy into, you know, George and, and you know, Georgia's family values and this is what we, you know, espouse at our house. And if you're gonna do that, then sign a note here. Just a simple letter. It's not a contract, but I just want your name written down here. I want you to say out loud, not just verbally 'cause you forget. I want you to write it down. I'll bring this back out later if I need to. And It says, I, we will never borrow money again because my dream is that my children, my grandchildren, my great-grandchildren will never have any debt because of the hard work that I did and the teaching that I did teaching them.


So, but it won't work if you haven't invested into your child's work ethic. Their ability to be generous, charact their ability to save, their ability to live on less than they make their ability to understand a budget, their ability to, you know, you know, hate debt. If they're doing all of those things and then you give them a house and their spouse is willing, their new spouse is willing to go in on that, then boom, you know, you got the deal. Right. That's impressive. So that's that. You, you can change everything and you're exactly, I mean you got a 1-year-old so you can do this, you'll be able to do it, but you know, it is Well that's controlling.


You're being a controlled freak you're Saying because it has the string attached of never going into debt. But the truth is, why would you ever need to go into debt at that point? Well, because, because some idiot on Instagram told them to, but to Go leverage some real estate or Yeah. Or some, some right off a car tac told them it was a good idea to get passive income. But the but, but the thing is this, yes it is controlling. It's my freaking money. Want my money, do my plan, don't want my money. Do your plan. That's how this works. It's simple. And And It, it's, you know, that's the way that my kids were raised and the way, you know, so yeah, it is controlling, but guess what good parenting is. Controlling don't play in the street.


You will get hit by a car that's controlling. You know, we're not raising wild animals, we're raising humans. They're supposed to have boundaries, they're supposed to have guidelines, they're supposed to have values and yeah. So that, this is just one of those things. So of course it's controlling all good parents are controlling brush your teeth 'cause you'll want some later. You know, I mean this is controlling, right? this is, yeah. There we go. That's Timeless wisdom. It's a good thing to have some. Now we, I've got questions about this. The utma, the ugma, the Unified Transfer to Minors Act. The problem with that is that when they're 18, they automatically get the money if it's in their name. Exactly. Which can be very dangerous to your point. Exactly. What if there's misbehavior?


Exactly. We don't know what your kid's gonna be like at 18. Exactly. So to have 150,000 could be detrimental. Exactly. So I put it in my name and then gift it to 'em later. Now, in the old days there was no 5 29. So our children actually had TMAs and Agmas that was their college funds. Ah, but I told them, if you're misbehaving, I'll just hide the account. You won't be able to find it. I'll steal it from you. So good luck with that because I'm not gonna fund your heroin addiction. So you, you know, we're gonna have to keep this on the line here. But, but that's not a suggested strategy. this is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. No matter what platform you use for news or entertainment, you and I both know it is way too hard to keep your feed from getting junked up with bad content. I know I'm not the only one who's gone searching for The Ramsey Show only to find myself two paws and 12 videos deep in a kitten hole on YouTube, which is great, but not what I'm looking for right now. And heck, if you're tuning into this digitally, there's probably some weird scammy suggested content trying to play in the sidebar right now. Crypto cards. See what I mean? And that's why I love the Ramsey Network app. It is the best place for uninterrupted easy access to the content that keeps you focused on your goals. It's all Ramsey all the time, which means you don't have to worry about getting off track. And with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey content Yep, you heard that right? 7,000. this is your one stop single destination for advice you can trust and nothing you can't. So do yourself a favor, get rid of the distractions and dial things in. All you gotta do is search Ramsey Network app in the app store, or click the link in the show notes to download the Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel Ramsey personality Number one bestselling author co-host of the Smart Money. Happy Hour with our Ronan Rachel Cruz. He's my co-host today. Open phones here at eight eight eight two five five two two five. Dylan's with us in Nashville. Hi Dylan, how are you? Good, how are you Better than I deserve. What's up? So both my wife and I are students in our last semester of college and we are expecting our first child in February.


Well, congratulations. My question. Thank you. We're pretty excited. My question is, we have two options on where to go after school. We can go to both of our families in Pensacola and make about 140 grand net or our second option is to stay here in Nashville and make about 260 grand nets. So we're having a tough time deciding whether to be around family as we're learning how to be a new mom, a new mom and, and dad. Or to go away that money and, and change our, our future. Okay, that's weird. That much discrepancy.


There's not that much discrepancy between Nashville and Pensacola. What are you guys, what are your degrees in? So I'll graduate with an electrical engineering degree and she'll graduate as an attorney when she passes the bar. So if she's in Pensacola, she'll do plaintiff work and she will spend a couple years in the prosecutor's office. Why getting experience to get trial experience. It's, it's hard to, What is she gonna do if she's in Nashville? She'll work for a defense attorney. Why not work for a defense attorney in Pensacola? You're not comparing apples to apples. No, not really. How are you guys? So sure.


And so set on all of this. It sounds like you have this all dialed in. Yeah, so, so we've been, I have done about five internships and she's done about four. So her dad does law in Pensacola. So he asked around for salaries in Pensacola and in Nashville we have our salaries just because we've been talking, You cut out, you've been, you've been, you have your salaries. Why? So in Pensacola, her dad works as an attorney in Pensacola. Yeah. So we got him to ask around. Yeah. And in Nashville it's, it's the salaries that we've been talking to.


We've been working for them throughout college. So, so we've, we've Okay. Defense attorney in Nashville one year out of law school does not make double what a defense attorney in Pensacola makes one year outta law school. That's just not apples. That's not true. You've got bad stats, man. So yeah, her, No, really You do have bad stats? I don't. Her dad got officer one of you two got bad numbers. Sure. Okay. I mean seriously. So you're talking about her making what in Nashville? 180 5. One what?


180 5. She's gonna make 180 5 in Nashville. Yes. She'll make 180 5 In Nashville. Okay. As a defense attorney one year outta law school. Yes sir. Is this an internship that they offered her? That? Yes, sir. Okay. And, and, and her dad asked around in Pensacola and said a defense attorney one year outta law school in Pensacola makes what? About 85 their first year? I just don't perceive that, I mean we, we've got, I've got law, I don't have any, I don't have any criminal defense attorneys, but I've got way too many lawyers that are, that I give money to and I just do not perceive that much difference in pen.


The Pensacola market you're talking about less than 50%. It's not logical, something's wrong. I'm telling you these numbers are wrong. So, or she got the best deal on the planet ever. Which the 180 5 sounds high to me, but I hope it's right. But you know, and the worst deal ever or just a perception in Pensacola. So in your situation, you're, you're being offered what both places? I'm I'm offered probably around 85 to 95 in both places. Okay. See that's more logical. Okay. Yeah. So the, the swing is the discrepancy in her pay.


Okay. Yes sir. And, and also she kind of dumbed it down and goes, well if we go back to Pensacola, I'm gonna work in the prosecutor's office and make nothing. Yeah. I you took it all the way down to nothing then. Right? That's, that's not the a hundred K, right? Yes sir. So it, it would be either 65 for in, in prosecutor or 85 for a defense firm. Yeah, private. Okay. Alright. So then the second question is, let's assume we those numbers work through and, and get some sanity to them. I'm still not okay with the this discrepancy. I gotta, I gotta work through that if I'm, you sure you do whatever you wanna do, but I gotta, I gotta work through that.


'cause it's not logical. The second thing is, 'cause Pensacola is not a, it's not a huge market, but Nashville's a medium sized market. I mean, it's not, it is a metropolitan area. I mean, for sure. And so anyway, the second thing is, if we stay in Nashville 10 years from today, from a career perspective, are we glad we did? If we stay in Pensa, if we go to Pensacola 10 years from today, are we glad we took that career path? Because if the curve separates them even more severely, you know, projecting out 10 years, then that's a bigger part of the decision.


In other words, is your opportunity more limits limited severely by being in a smaller market? Both of you? Your upside? Yes, sir. Because I would expect your income to double in that decade or more in, in your field. Yes sir. Okay. And I would expect hers to probably do probably double as well during that time in a normal market situation. But if you feel like in a unquote smaller town, you are not gonna have that opportunity. That's a, that's the second question is what's the long term implications of this decision? The third question is simply, where do I wanna live, Sir? Yes sir.


And Dylan, I'll tell you as a, as a new dad, I got a, about a 1-year-old her, my, my in-laws there near Pensacola. My family's in Boston and they fly and it's a one-way direct flight for them to come visit us. It's a one-way direct flight. We go visit them and it's been great. And so I wouldn't make the decision just based on, As a matter of fact, fact, your in-laws moved away. They left us. They were here from Tennessee. They left you like an orphan. They wanted to retire at the beach. Can you imagine Though? They went to the beach, they went to Pensacola and left you. So there you go. That's the truth. And it's been great for us and I wouldn't trade it. And Nashville's wonderful. So I would be where you guys wanna be long term to Dave's point. And the family part is just a bonus. And it's hard not having family nearby, but we got a lot of support, a lot of community.


You can pay for babysitters and daycare and be just fine. Mm. Okay. I would not make the decision only on the math today, even after I've adjusted the math for the questions I beat you up on. Okay. And Who knows, maybe the in-laws, if the baby's cute enough, they move to Nashville, decided I'd love to be near the grand baby. They might move away. If you move to Pensacola, they might move away. That would be detrimental. Like your, that would hurt my feelings. That's personal at that point. Yeah, that's, they just don't like you moved Down here for you and then y'all left. Yeah. this is The Ramsey Show.


Don't rely on politicians or the healthcare system to do what you can do for yourself. We teach personal responsibility on The Ramsey Show. And that's why I'm excited to tell you how you can take your family's health into your own hands. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company, I got mine. And I can tell you this is not some rinky-dink first aid kit with band-aids. It comes with real prescriptions prepared by leading doctors to treat over 30 common illnesses. This kit can treat infections like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and bronchitis because you have the prescriptions on hand, like a z-pack, amoxicillin or ivermectin. And if you start your meds faster, you get well faster. The kit gives you peace of mind. No doctor visits, no pharmacy lines, no copays. Wellness company medical emergency kits help put you in control of your family's health. So go to urgent care kit.com/ramsey, answer a few online questions and get your kit rushed to your door. Use the promo code Ramsey for a 15% discount at checkout. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey promo code. Ramsey


George Kamel Ramsey personality is my co-host today. We were talking during the commercial break about the young electrical engineer and lawyer on the move. And George and I both had a, an additional thought, an epiphany, if you will. There you go. There you go. That's what happens during commercial breaks. We have epiphanies and I guess, but the, anyway, the other thing you can do, folks, if you're facing something like that, Number one, if you've got this vast discrepancy, you need to look into the differences. 'cause it's not logical. Okay. That, I'm gonna go back to that one more time.


But aside from that, if you could make $260,000 a year at 20 something years old, brand new, married, just outta school and, and it's, you know, And It is not a town you had planned to live in, look at it as an adventure and go do it and say, okay, we're gonna do this for three years. We're gonna commit to three years, and at the end of three years, we're gonna reassess. I mean, the new baby will be three. We can still move and be near the grandparents. We can figure out if the travel has been too strenuous on anyone back and forth to see family and that kind of stuff.


And, and you know, we're, while we're having this adventure, we're gonna stack some cash. but it, it's not like you have to, one of the things that we end up doing with purchase of a home, certainly with a purchase of a car or a decision to make a move on a career, we act like that. It's that you can't undo the decision. Okay? If you don't like the car, you can sell it. If you don't like the house, you sell it. If you don't like the city move, you know what I mean? So these things are not as permanent as our emotions. We fret over it. Like, like God's gonna say, you cannot leave.


You get one chance. Decide carefully. I hope he sounds like, you know, I mean real. I mean seriously. Is that what he's gonna, no, that's not how it works. If you get there and the, the town sucks leave or you don't like the town leave, nothing is permanent unless you make it permanent. So there we go. David is with us. David is in Minneapolis. Hi David. how are you? Hi. I'm doing good. how are you? Doing Better than we deserve, sir. How can we help? I just have a question. Okay. So I'm receiving an inheritance from a family member that had passed away.


Right. And I currently have am living with my girl, my girlfriend Kelly. And around at first when I had first started getting the inheritance, she was like directed as like a, a payee as like a WatchOver guide type of thing for me with my money. And I just recently found out that about around 30 to $40,000 is just gone from that, that I should have, that I should have saved in, in a bank account. And it's just missing, don't know where it's at. How can I like, legally try to go about getting my money back and returns to me. You, you're, you're saying you put your girlfriend on your account and she stole your money?


Yes. And there's no like receipts. There's no, no nothing. And why is she not the ex-girlfriend? I'm trying to figure that one out myself as well. Yeah, me too. 'cause I, I got about a, it's In, it's, it's in the Three and a half second rule on this one buddy. I have a low threshold for dating criminals and people who committed fraud against me. Yeah. I've like, I've asked her about it and she's like, she's verbally admitted to it, but there's nothing, I don't know, I think I can really Do. What did she do with the money? Pray Tell. I don't know. I just asked her About Did you ask her?


Asked her, you stole my, my $40,000. Where the hell is my money? this is how this sounds A natural line of questioning. She literally tells me, I don't know. That's literally it. Yeah. I literally don't know where you're gonna be living by nightfall. 'cause I'm setting all your crap out in the street. Right. And then I've had a good friend of mine, my buddy that's my, one of my neighbors, he's helped me with it and tried to do, add up and do some financial, like checking with it. And a couple of times I've, we found that's how we found out about this. And a couple of times I've actually had to, I've gotten like back pay with my inheritance a couple of different times for two years.


And that David, is she still on the account today, honey? No, she is not. I have my Own bank account. She's still living in your house? Yes. Why? But she has nothing. She has nothing to do with my bank account. Or Why, why is she still in your house Renting? I don't You need the rent money. We're both on the same lease together for our Are you, is your phone cutting out or is somebody in the background? I'm, I'm with my friend. He's with me as well. He's telling you what to say. He's helping me like with, Okay, David, how old are you?


I'm 29 years old. Sir, What do you do for a living, sir? I currently do not have a job at the moment. Why? I'm looking for a new job. Why? I lost my job. Okay. Why? If I'm gonna be honest about it from my past substance abuse. Okay. Okay. That's fair. How long has it been since you've worked? Honestly, about four or five months. About almost five months. Okay. Alright. So I think you need more and better counsel in your life than just your friend who's trying to help you.


And I'm glad he is trying to help you, but you need some other folks in your life to help guide you through putting your life together in a way that this kind of thing doesn't happen to you. Okay? Yes, sir. And so you are in the Minneapolis area, all right? And so Yes sir. What I'm gonna do is Christian's gonna pick up when I put you on hold, and we're gonna connect you with a good local church there and get some of the pastoral team to come around you and help guide you back into a career and guide you to make sure that these kinds of things aren't happening to you. Help, help you stay sober, help you with your sobriety, and, and help you put, help you put together a life that that doesn't leave you vulnerable to this kind of thing.


And that's going to include, my suggestion is, is that this, this lady needs to leave your home today, okay? Yes. And she does not your girlfriend anymore because people that love people don't do this to other people. Gimme one. Sorry. And tell her to take her dog with her too. Yeah. I don't think legally, I mean, she's a payee on the account, so, Well, I don't know money. What? I, I don't, I don't think he's gonna get his money back. 'cause she spent it. It's gone. It's not like she moved it into her name and has done a beautiful investment that he's gonna get back. There's no one in this whole story that's very smart.


And so no, you've got to separate yourself from people that bring you harm. You have to put physical distance between yourself, emotional, different distance, spiritual distance and distance. But David, you're not gonna get your money back. Your money's gone. The only thing you can do is prevent this from happening again. By putting your life together in such a way that you have a sustainable life where you don't need this inheritance. And, It becomes a blessing that you can grow and build yourself a prosperous life long term. But you're not going to do that with this character under your roof.


Okay? And, and, and there, when someone steals your money, there is no magic hack to help you get your money back. Most of the time when someone steals your money, it's gone. There's a, you know, very rarely. And, you know, you could threaten to prosecute her criminally if she doesn't return the money and see if she coughs some of it up. But I don't know that she can because I think she's probably spent it. I think it's probably, I probably spent on drugs. I don't know. I have no idea what she spent It on. Well, another reminder, never combine your finances or life with someone you're not married to Ever.


Period. Ever, ever, never do that. Good point, George. this is The Ramsey, Show George. Kamel Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you're here.


If you wanna win with money, it's an intentional act, meaning you have to do it on purpose. You don't accidentally win at anything. And money is true as well. If you wanna build wealth, no one accidentally builds wealth. Oops. Look what happened. They don't say that. They go, I worked real hard. I lived on lists than I made. I saved and invest invested. I have been generous and careful. I've been wise over a long period of time and now I'm very wealthy. this is the story we hear over and over and over again. How do you do that on a daily basis? You do it with a written game plan called a budget. And we tell folks to give EveryDollar and assignment. That's why we named the world's best budgeting app. EveryDollar. Your spouse has it on their phone, you have it on your phone, you have it on the computer, and everybody knows what everybody's doing and everybody is in agreement. And boom, we execute the plan. Download EveryDollar, like tens of millions of people have done for free in the app store, the EveryDollar budgeting app in the app store or Google Play or EveryDollar dot com.


Deia is with us in Sacramento. Hi Deia, how are you? Hi, good. Thanks for taking my call. Sure, What's up? So my husband and I, we started a trucking company in 2022. He was the owner operator previously. And since we started the company, we just kept losing money. And now we're at the point where we have everything maxed out, all our credit cards, business, credit cards, and personal. We have a truck loan and we had a claim that was, that wanted to go into court, but they kind of backed out for now. We have two fuel companies that actually need their payments as well.


So that's our situation right now. And we, we don't know if we should be filing bankruptcy or if we need to figure something out because we really don't want to file bankruptcy. But it's just that everyone's calling us, you know? It's scary, isn't it? All the fun stuff. Yeah. Very, very scary. Yeah. I'm sorry. So right now we, we have two little girls and How old are your babies? One's about two months. One's just turned four. Wow. So what are you guys? 28? We are in our thirties, early thirties. Okay. 32 and 33. Okay. Alright. Okay.


So he's still running the company right? So far now we had to shut down because our insurance was just costing way more than we were making. Okay. What do you, what do you owe on, what do you owe on the truck? On the truck? Currently we owe about $8,000. Okay. What's it worth? It is worth about 20,000. Good. Okay. If you file bankruptcy, you understand that the bankruptcy court's gonna sell the truck, right? Yeah. Yeah. And we don't want that because that is a practically our source of income. You know, right now, now You, you, you don't have an income, you have a losing business.


Yes, we do. So what would I do if I woke up in your shoes and I have been where you are. I've been so scared I couldn't breathe with a brand new baby and a toddler and a marriage hanging on by a thread and a failed business. I've been right there. That's what happened to me when I was 28. Yeah. Yeah. We, it's been rough. So what would I do if I were in your shoes? Yeah, I would tell him to take his CDL and go get a job tomorrow. Okay. So currently he is working for a company. He's, he's a driver now. He just started about three weeks ago, but perfect. What's he making? He is making about 1500 a week. So the other thing is, the truck that we have, it has the turbo broke down and that's $3,000.


While he was on the road, he was working like, essentially as an owner operator. And then once the truck broke down it, so The truck is worth 28 but it has a $3,000 broken item and you owe eight. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you're gonna sell it for 25 'cause somebody's gotta fix the turbo and you're gonna take the rest of the money and start settling your debts. Okay? Okay. Let, let's pretend you walk out of this with 15 or $20,000 cash after you sell the truck. Okay? And I would say more 15 with the turbo and Everything. Yeah, I think you're probably right. I'm just saying. Okay. But let's, and he's making 1500 a week and he is working like a crazy man. He's not scared of work.


He's not, it's just not, it's just He's a hard worker. He's not, y'all have not been good at the business side of it, but he knows how to drive a truck and he knows how to work and he can go make money and he's good at that. So we got a $6,000 a month income now. And you got babies. Is there anything you can do from home to add income? I, I'm looking to see if I can find a job from home. I used to work in the pharmacy as a tech and I was going back to school. I wanted to go back to school. You're Not back to school right now? Right now we're trying to eat. Okay. Yeah, that's right. Now we need, right now we need any income you can create that's legal and moral and doesn't leave your family in jeopardy. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. So if he's making six and you could pull in another two.


Now we got eight to work with. We got 15 from the sale of the truck. You told me you had $70,000 in debt. Yes. Credit card debt is how much Credit card debt is the, so it's about 50,000. It's like 10,000 on each. We have to, Okay. And so the fuel bill, the fuel bill that's calling you is how much The fuel bill. One is 2,500 and the other one is $10,000. And he took it to a small court claim. And, but they didn't, they didn't serve us. So we talked to an attorney. He said not to show up to court because until they serve you, you don't have to do anything with it. Okay. So here's what I want you to do. I want you to take the 15 K Okay?


Sell the truck and do it this week. Okay? Sell the truck now. Okay? Okay. 'cause part of what happens when you get this deep in the mud is you, you slow down and I want you to speed up. Okay? If you got 15,000 in your hand, you have $12,500 in fuel bill. Pay the 2,500 as soon as you get the 15. Just pay 'em. You owe it. Okay? Call the 10 K guy and say, I've got a little bit of cash but not enough to pay you the whole thing. What would you take and talk to him on the phone. Okay. What would you take? We're we're closing down, we're out of business. We're trying to keep from filing bankruptcy. I got a little bit of cash and I want to try to pay you before I deal with the credit cards.


Would you, what? How much would you knock off if I bring you cash today? Okay. Okay. Yeah. And see if he'll take five or 7,000 bucks. 5,000 bucks. 7,000 bucks. Okay. Okay. And get that 10 down just a little bit and go take him some money. 'cause that's a small business guy trying to eat too, right? Right. Yeah, you Wanna pay him. Okay, so the credit card company can jump in the creek. I'm gonna take care of those two fuel guys first. Okay. That feels pretty good, doesn't it? It does, yes. Right now we're trying to make payments for the credit card. I don't give a crap about the credit cards. Let them sit, let's get these fuel, let's get the truck sold, get the fuel thing taken care of, settle the 10, get it in writing from him in writing that he's accepting $7,000, $5,000, whatever it is as settlement in full on this debt.


No more is owed. Okay. In writing. Or don't give him the money and then give him a cashier's check, okay? That day. Walk over there and hand him his money and just pay the 2,500. Now those two are gone. You still got a little bit of money in your hand. Yes. Okay. Now I want you to line up and start doing a budget and take care of the four walls, George. Absolutely. That's food, utility, shelter, transportation, and your basic insurance. Outside of that, we're not spending any money. But think about this. Now you're down to 50 K of credit cards. You're making 72. There's no need to file bankruptcy. We're gonna knock this thing out in two years. You see how That works? Can clean these credit cards up as you can get to 'em. But you don't pay credit cards until your family eats and your rent is paid and the lights are paid.


Okay? Credit Cards are not first, they're last. Okay. And my husband just worries about his credit score. Who Gives all the crap about his credit score? You just lost a business. Do you know what a credit score does? Yeah. It gives him access to more debt. That's how we got into this mess. Right? Right. Yes. Your credit score's been such a blessing to you so far. Yes, it has. And. It Crashed you. It crashed us. Yes. It gives a crap about your credit score. I want your babies to eat and his wife to relax. Yeah. Well we, I haven't relaxed for the past three years. I know. I know. Yeah, you Deserve a better life. He's A hard worker as well. Well both of, both of you deserve better than this. So credit cards are the end of the list.


We're gonna get to them, but we're gonna get to them last. Take care of the fuel bill. Get the truck sold. Let's get moving. Okay? Okay. Sounds Good. You hang on. We're gonna get you into Financial Peace University and get you into EveryDollar as our gift to make sure you're taken care of. We'll show you how to handle money and how to walk out of this. You can do this. You're not bankrupt, you're just scared. this is The Ramsey, Show


I know you work hard for your money and the key to keeping more of it in your pocket is by making a plan for your spending with a budget. And EveryDollar is the budgeting app that I use personally because it's perfect for looking EveryDollar you make in its little president face and telling it exactly where you want it to go. Just like you told that guy in traffic exactly where you wanted him to go. And even better EveryDollar walks you through the entire budgeting journey. So you always know your next right step. Download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play today.


I'm Dave Ramsey. My co-host today is George Kamel George. When someone clicks follow on YouTube or subscribe on Spotify or Apple on the podcast, or they leave a five star review or they share the show by letting people know by link or clicking a share button or something like that, what happens? Well The algorithm gods, they shine their faces down upon us and they go, Hey, other people need to see this. And so they put it in front of more people who don't know about the show, which then hopefully, you know, they click And It gives them a bit of hope in the world of a lot of just filth and crap out there in the media world.


That's how I think it works. I'm not an expert on that. So if you want to give an offering to the algorithm Gods, you would do it by clicking subscribe or follow on one of our formats that your platforms that you're listening or watching. All kidding aside, it does help us a bunch. The numbers do change and they do run a formula on this stuff and YouTube or Apple or whoever they do, push the show out, promote it if it's hot, if you guys are doing it and we know you guys are doing all of this because our numbers are like way Up and it's a domino effect because that pushes it up to this piece of the chart and then this piece of the chart. Next thing you know, we're looking up going, we're Number one in business and and on podcasts and people are now finding the show.


And It kind of spirals from there. So that's the best way to help us market the show. And the best news is it's completely free to do that. We're not asking for your money here. Yeah. And you're a big help to us. We appreciate you very much for doing that. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Joshua is with us in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Hey Joshua, how are you Doing? Good, Dave. how are you guys? Better than we deserve. What's up? So my question for you today is, should I rent an apartment or buy a mobile home? So long story short, I have kind of worn out my welcome at Living at Home and I'm just trying to figure out the best way to go about it.


I am in about $27,000 in debt, still working my way through the baby steps. How old are you? 28. Oh yeah, you definitely worn out your welcome. Yeah. And what do you make, what's your income? About 60,000 yearly. Good For you. What do you do for a living? I'm currently a maintenance tech and programmer for my company. Good for you. Awesome. Okay, so you're saying should I rent or buy a mobile home? That answer is very easy. Rent. I would never suggest anyone buy a mobile home because that thing is going down in value.


Yeah. You're gonna move further and further away from money when you have a very large car that you sleep in. Cars go down in value like a rock. So do mobile homes and that's what a mobile home does. And so not only are you gonna be paying payments on it, but you're gonna be losing value every single month you own it. And so it takes you down two different ways. Rent only takes you down one way. It just, you're paying for a place to live. So go get you the least expensive apartment that you can get that's safe. Nothing fancy. Don't spend a bunch of money on this because the more money you spend on this, the less money you can spend getting out debt. And as soon as you get outta debt, you can save up the money for a down payment and get you an actual house that goes up in value that we would suggest after you're out of debt.


but yeah, we don't, you know, you take a 50,000 mobile home and you visit it just a few years later, it's worth 10 And now you're underwater on it. Yeah. And so it's dangerous. Yeah. So Joshua might need to get, Get a few roommates when you turn, when you turn 50 into 10. That's not a wealth building mechanism. Okay. That that's why that's the why this answer's so quick and so easy. So, well I think the reason people go to that Dave is 'cause they go, well I, my payment on the mobile home would be 800 bucks and rent around here is 1200 bucks. So They just Yeah. And you're losing more than 400 a month in value. Exactly. And you're stuck rent. When the lease is up, you move. So, And Joshua to help you. The, the parameter here is you wanna look at a quarter of your take home pay.


So if you make four grand take home from your 60, you want to try to keep it at a thousand, which means, or less or less, you might need to get roommates, which is totally fine. Or find a, you know, a garage apartment over the top of some rich old lady's house and cut her grass for part of the dadgum rent. And that's the kind of deal you're looking for. You're just trying to get out of the house 'cause you wore up your, wore out your welcome and get yourself established as a 28-year-old man. Good for you. And get a sustainable situation built. Then work your way outta debt, then build your emergency fund, then build your down payment, buy a house. this is your game plan, sir. Well done. Tommy is in Charleston, South Carolina. Hey Tommy, how are you? Doing well, how are you? Better than we deserve. What's up, Eh?


I'm 58 years old. I haven't saved a lot for retirement. I have about 75,000 and 401k just started listening to you guys. So I switched it over what I've been putting into it to the Roth 401k. Good. I mean, that was the right thing to do. It was. And, and so the company I currently work for, they have a stock purchase program you get invited to or they ask you to do And, It, iss three different levels to it. And I'm at the first level and I, and I funded that Last year with 2000 with them doing a $2,000 match to it.


And also it, the first year it went up 30%, but every year they asked if, you know, if you wanna buy more stock. And when you do that helps you get to the next level if you're ever invited to be at the next, what Is it, Scientology What, do you mean that? Why is there multiple levels here? I, you know, I guess there's, that's the way I really don't know. Okay. But my question really is, is This company participating? Is this company publicly traded on the stock market? It's private. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, Alright, so my question is, should I should, you know, because I I'm, you know, I like to retire when I'm 65 or 67, should I just focus on the Roth 401k?


Yes. Not worry about this. Yes. Okay. 'cause you have absolutely no control over this privately held stock. Right. They are technically allowed to do whatever they want to do. That's where the levels thing came from. It's something they just made up Okay. To try to encourage employees to buy into it. It went up 33%, but that's because they just decided it went up 33%. You put the thing on it, a book value and you know it, there's very little and and there's no market for it. You can't sell it, you have to sell it back to them. Right? That's correct. So if it goes up 33%, but you have to sell it back to them with a discount, then it didn't go up 33%.


Right. So, no, I I'm not, that's not where I want my money in a situation that I have no control and no ability to liquidate it and turn it into something. So I'm putting it all in the 401k and If you put that money in your 401k with how the stock market's been doing, you're seeing 20, 25, 30% Last year as Of 2024. I'm not saying that's gonna continue, but Last year was 26 and this year's 17 to date. So not a bad, you know, return right there either. So, And you can actually sell those funds Yeah. And make real money instead of, you know, Ramsey bucks. Maybe we should start that one day, Dave. Oh, I'm gonna take that as a No, Dave is not gonna start his own.


I'm Trying to think how to respond to that intelligently live on the Air. There's no way to respond intelligently to a stupid question. That's what I've learned. Yeah, Tommy. And if you can get your money out of that, I would, if you've only got $2,000 in there, that's fine. But if you've got much more than that in there, I'm, I'm worried for you. I'm not saying they're gonna crash, but you just don't have any control, you don't have any of the normal things that you have with a mutual fund or even a single stock. If you were working for a publicly traded company and they were issuing shares of stock as bonuses or something, that would even be because if This private company just said, Hey, we're closing up shop, what is that stock worth?


Zero. That's frightening. Zero. And you've got no control over the decisions they make that could cause them, you don't have any control over that with a publicly traded stock either, but Yeah. But At least there's, there's some, you know, outside investor shareholders out there. Yeah. Versus Just your employees. And, It. Just, There's, I'm not they private companies that issue stock. I'm not saying they do something wrong. They're not doing anything wrong. But you're, the way you determine if it went up 33% is, you know, the way you do your accounting. And so it, I'm not saying they cook the books, that's not my point. But you can choose if you want to hand the profits out to the owners in dividends, you can choose if you wanna take the profits and reinvest them into equipment to make the company grow more, which would not cause you to grow 33%.


So you gotta just, you know, what are they doing with the profits that's cau how are they booking that to cause this? And so it's not just as simple as, oh, we made a bunch of money. It's not that easy. this is The Ramsey Show Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel Ramsey personality is my co-host today. He is a Number, one bestselling author and the co-host of Smart Money Happy Hour on the Ramsey networks.


Be sure and check out all of it in the meantime. You can call us right here and we'll talk at 8 8 8 two five five two two five. Natalie is with us in Portland, Maine. Hi Natalie. How are you? Good how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So this is crazy that you picked up my call because I've been listening to you every day. I am 26 and I am about $150,000 in debt. And I'm just dreaming, trying to figure out how can I change my life? How can I get out of this debt? I just feel like I'm stuck. So I just really need your advice on how I get out of this financial mess.


And I think housing is a big part of my budget that I really can't afford right now. Hmm. Okay. What are you making? So I actually just got a new job and I'm making 55 base and I'm in sales, medical sales. So I'm gonna be able to get commission. Great. So you, you think it'll be like a hundred K with your commission? I really hope so. 'cause that would make a significant impact on me that I think Absolutely. I live with my boyfriend as well. Okay. What is the 150 in debt? So 88 of it is student loans. My monthly payment's fixed and it's not insane.


That's about $105 a month. But the credit cards is really where I got into trouble and I had to move unexpectedly, so they just crept up and now I'm in a spot where I can pretty much only pay the minimum on everything. How much do you owe on credit cards? I would say about $32,000. Okay. And what's the rest car? Yeah, I have a car payment. And how Much is your car debt? It's about, I just got it under $10,000. Okay. That, that's not, that does not total up to one 50. You're missing the Rest of us.


About 20, I'm missing another 20 then. Okay. Sorry then I'm probably, It's okay. 10 on a car, 32 on credit cards, 88 on student loans. That's 120. And then I, I guess I have more credit card debt than that. So you have more like 52,000 in credit card debt? Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry, I'm looking at all the numbers here, but I, I would say it's a little bit less than one 50, but it's definitely between one 20 and one 50. And then my boyfriend also has like some stuff in collections and I have some medical debt.


You guys have not combined finances, right? Not completely. What isn't that? But we pretty much talked to, are you guys just like splitting rent or something? We pr he, we pretty much have a bill account and he puts money in there and I put money in there every time we get paid. And now we just really have nothing extra. Everything goes to bills and we're just splitting everything 50 50. And because our rent's pretty expensive, you know, we just don't have any option to like not be combining finances at this point. So it sounds like you have combined your finances. Yeah, for the most part. We have like You put all your, you both of you put all your income into one account and pay both the bills.


Yeah. That's the definition of combining finances. Okay. What's your rent? How much are we talking here? It's $2,200 a month. So that's about 1100 bucks between the two of you? Yeah, well they don't have, they don't know. All right. There, there's, Hmm. What were you making before you took this new job? $52,000. Okay, so you got a slight raise plus commission. How long before you start getting commissions?


My first commission check is gonna be on the 26th, so in a couple weeks or a week from now. Okay. So you're gonna get commissions almost immediately. That's good. Okay. All I'm hoping, my guess is, is that you guys have been floundering like this for some time because you're, you're I would say ever since we moved, I'm sorry. I would say ever since we moved about a year ago and I been trouble Moved from where, Just another town we had to move out of our apartment and my rent was pretty much locked in at like a thousand dollars a month and then the rent went up here and doubled everything.


Doubled. So if you were broke, why did you move to where your rent doubled? Because the landlord was selling the building, so we didn't have a choice. Okay. Well you had a choice to stay in the town where the rent was cheaper. No, it, it really wasn't. I it was only cheaper because of when I started renting the apartment. Oh, I see. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Number one. We do not find people prospering winning with money, building wealth, being in control, who combine finances with people that they're not married to.


Okay. Do not combine your finances anymore. You have your income and your bills, period. If you're going to act like you're married, get married. If you're not married, do not combine your finances. If you wanna split the rent, each of you put in 1100 bucks and have a roommate, that's your business. But I can't find any data in 35 years of doing what I do. That says that people shacking up playing house, acting like they're married when they're not married, actually prosper. None of them. Do you included your financial life sucks.


You're having no fun, lots of stress, lot, lots of fear. I think the plan would be to get married. We're very serious, but yeah. Bull crap. Obviously that's not really something that we can afford. Bull crap. You'd already be married. We can't afford You'd already be married. Go get married. Go get married tomorrow. You Don't need a hundred thousand dollars wedding. I know. I wish I could, but obviously I can't even pay my bills right now, so, Okay. So, but I mean obviously you can get married, right? It doesn't cost anything to get married To solves the financial problem. Like I Know. No, it it solves the, the whole situation where now you have a husband and wife that are working together to fix everything.


You all are playing with this and it's not going to work. I don't have any data points in any of the experience that we have or any of the research we have that says what you're doing is gonna work. So, you know, you guys think this is working, it's not working. You just sorta kinda are acting like we might sorta be married. You gotta stop it. So anyway, you do what you wanna do, kiddo. But that's, that's at the core of this. So you guys either need to get married by Saturday or you need to break your accounts apart by Saturday. Choose one of the two. Then what we're gonna do is start listing your debts smallest to largest. You're gonna work like a maniac.


All you're gonna do is work and live on nothing. You don't get to go out to eat, you don't get to go on vacation and you work three jobs or you work your current job so much that the commission sta stack up really high. And we're gonna start paying these credit cards off a little bit of time and cut 'em up tonight. It's time to have plastic surgery right now. Okay. You, you've gotta get scared enough and discuss it enough to change.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz. When it comes to teaching kids about money, moms tell me all the time just how overwhelming it can feel to get started. That's why I'm so excited to tell you about Financial Peace Kids. This toolkit was designed to make learning to save, earn, spend, and give money fun for both you and your kids. The best part, it only takes 10 minutes a day. Yep. Just 10 minutes. You've got this. Pick up financial peace kids at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


George Kamel Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us.


If you're thinking about buying a home or selling a home in this weird real estate market, you definitely need a high quality, high octane real estate agent in your corner. If you want to know who we have vetted, who we coach and spend time with to make sure they do it the Ramsey way and that they are real high producers. Like not somebody just got their license last week, but happens to be your friend. Oh, yuck. No, let's get an absolute pro that sells 30 to 300 houses a year. Go to Ramsey. Trusted real estate agents. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent is how you'll find for free the Ramsey trusted agents in your area. And then you can select from among them who best to help you with your next real estate transaction.


Kim is with us. Kim is in Cincinnati. Whoops. Whoops. Whoop. What am I doing? Where is she? There's Kim. Kim is in Cincinnati. Hi Kim. How are you? Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my call. Dave, this one's mainly for you. You have adult children. My husband and I are, it's that time where we kind need to update our, will potentially change some things to payable on death, et cetera. We have two young adult growing children and one party thinks that to leave everything to the children. They'll be fine. They'll know how to handle it, they'll make a decision. One is a little concerned that that might be a little too much Number one and number two, even though they're living, you know, pretty frugal lives, if they're not doing some of the basic steps to that we took to get us where we are, I, I just don't know if that would be in their best interest.


So kind of wanted to, and then you, you had a call a couple months ago. It was either with Ken or John where it was about, you know, it parents trying to control adult children. That is not the case. I actually want to set them up for the best case scenario and have this be a blessing to them. So wanted to know your thoughts. More money in anyone's life causes them to be more of what they are good and bad. Disorganized person becomes chaotic and completely disorganized. A generous person becomes generous.


A and it's very visible. A an angry person becomes more angry, a depressed person becomes more depressed. A kind person and gentle person becomes kinder and more gentle a and so on and so on. I just didn't, I just didn't. Yes, thank you. But I just didn't know if flopping a couple million into a 30 year old's hands, There's nothing wrong with that if they have the character to carry it, is what I'm saying. But if they're exhibiting problems, if they're, you know, they're, they're prone to overspending and you plop a couple million in their hand, they're gonna overspend.


Sure. Yeah. It's not so much that, but just for example, like they're not even putting, they're putting very, very low percent into retirement for themselves. Why so? Because that's what they're choosing to do. I don't, and they've seen us and they saw how we had nothing for several, several years and how finally our behavior has finally paid off. I mean it's, we never thought we would get to where we were, but by following the steps and working hard, Well whatever, whatever it is that they're doing right, they will do more of it. Whatever it is that they're doing wrong, they will do more of it when you leave them money. And so if they're doing more wrong than Right, you are not blessing them by leaving them a couple million dollars.


'cause you're gonna cause them to magnify the bad behavior. If it's minor bad behavior. If your husband thinks that, oh, leaving 'em a couple million dollars, they'll suddenly become smart and they were dumb. No, they won't, they'll become dumber. No, that isn't the case. They're, they're very, they have good heads on their shoulders. How old Are they right now? 30, 30, 29 And 30. And you guys are but It I think it mid fifties. Okay. And you're, you're not gonna die tomorrow, right? No. But if we would both die, you know, we need to change some things so that it doesn't all go through will and, and all that. We want to have some payable on death accounts. We've explained to them, you know, that the Roth doesn't, they can keep that and that can be transferrable on death versus a traditional, how they would have to pull that out.


I believe it's within 10 years and be taxed on that. Right. Things like that. They know the basics. They don't know our total net worth. But like I said, just the example, I think, and I don't, I, I don't expect everybody to do the side hustles and to work as many hours as I do, but when like the basic thing of not even putting 10 or 15% back for yourself, those little things, because I have learned and I have exhibited how that can change your life. And It made you a multimillionaire. Don't. Yes. Yeah. Okay. So is that the, that you brought that up twice. Is that the only thing they're doing that you think is irresponsible?


Yeah, pretty much. Because I don't like even their emergency funds, they don't even have 'em in a high yield savings account. Just little things like that. And I feel like I've said all I can say without, you know, oh, you Probably, yeah, you probably have. Right. Okay. So their emergency fund is where Just in a regular savings account. Okay. And let me, and let me preface too, they both have no debt other than their very modest homes. Okay. So, so they, they're they're following the basic principles that way. It's just they're missing the chance for compounding and for growth by not just being a little bit more discipline. Both of them Yes sir. In different ways, but yes sir.


Hmm. And I don't want to sound like if we sit down and say, okay, we'd like to have a talk that it sounds like I'm trying to control their everyday life and budget or it be a threat. We're not leaving you everything if you don't change your ways because I just don't think I will be able to deliver that well in a way that they're gonna interpret. this is really, I mean, I know, they know they, I care and we love them. We're very close, but I don't want to do anything and you know, so I've obviously want to leave a larger portion to charity than my husband does. And also we have it set up where now that a portion security, Is there any strain between you and their, their married partners?


The in-laws? No, I don't think so. Okay. We've always asked them to, to communicate openly with us so that things, you know, don't go unsaid and then grow and cause hurt. Okay. And we have grands and then I don't know how many, you know, how much to specify goes to the grands versus the parent. Okay. So are you asking me what I would do? I Think just because you have adult children. Yeah. If you think I'm kind of on the right track. Do you feel like that my, my hesitation Is I think your, your concerns are valid but not enough of a concern. I didn't hear anything here that gave me such pause that I would not leave the kids the money.


Oh, I'm not saying not leave them money. I'm not just, I'm saying all of it. Question all of, I don't need to, I don't need to leave it to charity. Well, We're gonna be part of it to charity anyway. Okay. but Yeah. Alright. Do whatever you wanna do. That's fine. I I don't have any desire to do that. The, in terms of, in your situation, I, I don't hear anything that says that they have invalidated their right to manage millions of dollars. It's not optimal what they're doing, but it's not misbehavior. Yeah. I mean, they're at, they're at the 90, 95% implementation and the other five percent's driving you crazy is what I'm hearing. Because the 5% matters and it's done.


You good. And I appreciate that. I'm glad for you And if they live a long life, they could, could inherit this at 60. So we just don't know. Yeah. There's too many variables here To, but, but I, I, And, It, And It won't be a million. And It will be several million if they, if it goes that long because of compounding. So, you know, I I think for today I'm gonna set the will up and leave the vast majority of it to the kids. If you want to earmark some for charity, that's fine. But I'm not, they haven't invalidated their right to manage money in anything you told me. And, and I don't see any kind of confrontational thing being I'm with you. I agree with you on that, Kim.


That, that it probably wouldn't be profitable. Just try to have a talk about all that. I think I simply would just leave it to him. I'm, I'm gonna side with your husband on this, so, but you do whatever you want to do. It's your money. It's okay. There's no, they're not entitled to it morally, ethically, or legally. It's whatever you choose to do. this is The, Ramsey, Show.


Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment. Affording a home is impossible and you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right. Wrong George Kamel here. Listen. Finding a home you love within your budget is possible. And I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving a Down payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist. We'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course.


Thank you for joining us America. George. Kamel Ramsey Personality is my co-host. Joe is in New York City. Hi Joe. Welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hi. My parents have recently taken out two loans to remodel their home in the amount of $55,000. And they're trying to tell me I'm responsible for it and I know if I should agree to this or not. I'm sorry. Why would you be responsible for a loan on their house? I'm confused. 'cause after I left college, I moved back in with them and I've been with them for the past five years. So That's how I see it as well.


Was there not room for you and they had to create an extra room for you and you requested this? No, it was my, it was my same room from high school. In fact, when they were looking to get the home redone, I told them no. I was part of the conversation with the contractors that came to look at the house. How old are you? I'm 31. Why do you still live at home? I have a lot of student debt. I'm working through right now. You need to move out. I agree with you. You should have moved out 10 years ago. What in the world Got it. What in the world? I mean, I no, you're not obligated morally, legally, ethically, anything here. I have no idea where they got this.


I don't, I don't understand the conversation even. But I also am not gonna tell you to stay there one more minute. You shouldn't be there. It's not good for you. It's not good. Yeah, I've been paying down my student loan so I can recast the Money. It does, it doesn't matter. It's not good for you. Okay. Even if it slows down your debt payoff. this is stunting your growth And. It's causing this relationship to be strained, but it may already be. It's too strained. Yeah. To repair. I don't know. What do you do for a living? I work with the local Department of Social services. What do you make? 60 grand a year. Okay, so you, your degree is in what? It's in environmental science.


Okay. And, what do you owe on this degree? Oh, when I last booked 110. Okay. All right. Well it, it, it sounds like you probably are gonna have to make some career choices as well and you're probably gonna to pick up some part-time income and be working like a maniac because you're not, you're not making progress. Okay. You're, you're not. You need to be paying like 30,000 bucks, 40,000 bucks a year on the loan to make it go away in two or three years. And, and you can't do that making 60 living in New York City.


And so you're probably need a different job and you need six other jobs in addition to that. And let's get your income up and get you out and get you into the world in a sustainable situation. So the the odd thing is, is the reason you stayed there was to pay down your student loans and you haven't ta-da time to go bud. Time to go get you a better job, go get you lots of jobs and get you a different place to live and pay down the student loans for real this time. But, so that was mythology that you told that was a lie you told yourself so that, and, and you didn't mean to, but lots of people do this About five years with very little bills.


You should have made some serious progress on the debt. And It sounds like it's just, you get comfortable living at home. You sort of resort to your old childhood self and you don't make as much progress as you think. And I, you know, the frustration with the 31-year-old still living in your basement could boil over into a misguided toxic claim that you owe us money for us taking out debt. You know, like the parents have kinda lost their minds a little bit. And this is their Resentment Starting show. this is, this is their toxic methodology to solve a failure to launch. Mm. Like, well, we can get 'em to pay us Debt.


this is our way of kicking you out. But, 'cause we don't know how to do it and we're, we're all, and we're all really frustrated. So that's probably where some of this is coming from. but it, but to answer your question, no. You do not owe the money. Yes. You should be gone by the end of the month, at the end of next month for sure. And you may need a new job by that time too. And you may need a, a new state to live in by that time too. You need to live in an affordable area, make a pile of money and clean up the mess. Because while you were living with a place with no rent, you made no progress or no sustainable progress. No measurable progress. Tom is in Chicago.


Hey Tom, how are you? Dave and George? Is it, it it is an honor to speak with you both. You too. What's up? I've been renting a townhome for many, many years and the homeowners through their property manager have informed me that they now want to sell and have asked me if I'd like to purchase it before they list it. I, I don't know how to handle it in that situation without, without it being listed. Of course. If it were just a, a house that I was looking after, going after in a normal situation, no.


I'd get a realtor. Do I get a realtor in this situation? Since it's not being listed? I don't know if I'm allowed to do that. You're allowed to do anything. It's just a matter of who's gonna pay for it and whether you actually need it or not. So you need a mortgage, right? And you need someone to guide you through the contracting process and the mortgage process and the appraisal process and all of that. Are they giving you a price on the property? Yes. Okay. They've given me a price at 330 based on some comps that the property manager pulled up who is a, a realtor.


I didn't like the cops. I wasn't, I didn't agree with those cops. They were in an area not very close to me. And when I looked at them, the homes were much nicer than, than this, than this home. So I don't know how to, you know, combat that. So they have, they have a real estate agent. It's called a property manager. It's a licensed real estate agent. Yes. And they're probably gonna list it with this person E eventually, but they're asking me before they list it. Yeah, but it doesn't wanna buy it. but it, what's the benefit to you? It doesn't, there's no benefit to, you're not getting the deal. There's no bargain. I guess the DI guess the benefit is that no one else would be able to make an offer on it.


Oh yeah. Okay. I mean, if you had a transaction you were comfortable with and you can go through and get your mortgage and everything, you can go to a title company, get a contract drawn up and do this. I, I don't, I think this, this transaction so far from happening that you probably do need a pro in your corner to help you navigate the negotiation and then help you navigate the closing, help you navigate the appraisal, help you navigate the getting of the mortgage and all the different things. All of things you don't know how to do. So, but if you had all those things already lined up, you could, you don't have to have a real estate agent, but you can, in this case, I think you'd benefit from one and just say, you know, they were gonna, if they list it, typically what happens is the listing agent, in this case, the property manager, they're gonna put a 6% commission on it or something about like that.


And then the, the agent that represents the buyer is going to split that with the selling agent. Typically that's a normal transaction. And so, you know, if you get a real estate agent to represent you and they work with the selling agent before it actually goes on the market, but a commission is still paid, it didn't cost you anything. It cost them something. And And, It, you know, the, the, let me tell you, if you just buy it right now, I think this agent is gonna get both of the commissions. They're probably gonna charge that seller a full commission.


So yes, the answer is I'd go get a real estate agent. Yes. In your situation I would. Yes. I mean, it's kind of borderline, but I think there's, I think there's a lot of a, there's another real estate agent already involved. Okay. B, you don't like the comps, so you got some negotiating to do. C you gotta have somebody walk you through the closing process and the mortgage getting process and the appraisal process. So all of those things tell me, yeah, I put a real estate agent in your corner. It's just worth it for the stress factor at this point. Well, and the, And the money and the expertise to guide you through a journey that you've never been on, You might negotiate and save you 30 grand to where it was. Alright. It was worth it.


Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent will help you find a Ramsey trusted agent in your area to help you do that.


this is The Ramsey Show, our scripture today, Ecclesiastes five five. It is better that you should not vow then that you should vow and not pay. Ooh. John Adams said there are two ways to conquer and enslave a country. One is by the sword, the other is by debt. Ask the Chinese It's good foreshadowing. Just got a little bit of a conspiracy theory. Chill About 300 years later and here we are, trillions in debt to other countries. Dave, There you go. Scary Bradley's in Chicago.


Hey Bradley, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello. I wanna thank you both so much for having me. I know you hear this all the time, but you've definitely made a positive change in my life. Well, thank you sir. How can we help today? Yeah, absolutely. I made the decision to loan out money to family and friends of mine in the total sum of just over $8,000. And as time goes on, given the lifestyles that they lead, it's starting to leave a sour taste in in my mouth a little bit. So I, I guess my question is how do I hold them accountable to, you know, make me whole and, and pay me back without straining the friendships and my marriage?


Because I just got married in November and my wife, you know, this is before we got married, but she had vouched for her cousin as somebody for me to loan out money to. That's three of the eight grand and it's been over a year and I've only seen, you know, 500 of it since. So What is your, what is your income? Yeah, just, just over a hundred I had sell software. So it's a little bit variable, but it's been, you know, over a hundred for the past three years. Why, why did you become the lender? Was it word of mouth, Hey, this guy will own you some money, go to him.


So my, my wife's cousin originally owed money to, who is now my mother-in-Law. And the cousin didn't like how Difficult or tough to work. It just, it sounded like the mother-in-law was trying to hold her accountable and put her feet to the fire and was complaining to my wife about it. And my wife kind of turned to me and said, Hey, I know you've got some money, can we help her out? And then my other friend just kind of knew that I was in a, a good position and I I I, he didn't ask me for the money, I just knew that he was in trouble.


So I decided to give him five of the eights. But at the same time, he, you know, it has a Corvette. He has two cars, both, you know, in that, on those and lives the lifestyle. And you you knew that when you gave him the money, right? Yeah, I, I did, I did know that when I gave them the money. Yeah. Alright, so you're probably not gonna like my answer. Oh no. Okay. I think you've learned a very harsh lesson. Never loan people money. If you want to help people, give them some money, but don't loan them any money because it changes your relationship with your friend and your wife's cousin to master slave.


You're the master, they're the slave. Even if you're a nice master, you're still a master. The borrower is slave to the lender 100% of the time. And that's what you're feeling here is that these people are unappreciative, they're out of control. But guess what? They were both of those things before you gave them money and you just got to now experience it personally. So my opinion is, is that you wrote an $8,000 check to the tuition and for tuition to the school of life and the school of life just gave you a, a passing grade on never loan people money.


You have passed that class now you paid the stupid tax. So if I woke up in your shoes with your situation, I would tell your wife first thing I do, sit down with her and say, okay, I've made the decision that I made a mistake when I loaned your cousin money and when I loaned my friend money, if we were going to help them, we should have given them money. So go ahead and understand that from this point forward. I will never loan money to a family member again. As long as you see me breathing, that will not occur. And you and your wife get on the same page about that. And then I'd call up your friend and say, you know, if you can pay me, that would be nice, but if you don't pay me, I want you to know I'm just gonna forgive the debt.


'cause your friendship's more important and tell the cousin the exact same thing and I'll give you about a 98% chance you get no money. But by the way, even if you don't do this, I'm gonna give you a 98% chance you get no money. You loaned broke people money. Don't be shocked. They don't pay you. I would forgive the debt and walk away. this is costing you more angst and the Soul tax isn't Worth it. And soul tax, it's taxing your brain. You are thinking about it. They aren't So you're worried about straining the relationship.


It's already strained. Yeah. I don't know that it's ever gonna go back to the way it was. Even if, If they came in and wrote you a check today and both of 'em paid you, you still don't have any respect for either one of these people, right? I mean, I don't know if I'd say that. I don't, I don't have any respect for either one of 'em. It's not gonna go back to the way it was before you lent them money. As soon as you offer that money, the relationship changed. I mean, it sounds like your friend is a person who just spends too much and is outta control as a typical American And. It sounds like your wife's cousin's a complete parasite And Bradley's a sweet guy and people are gonna go, well, Brad will gimme some money, he'll be fine.


Yeah. And buddy, I I would, I would end the Bank of Bradley And as a people pleaser Myself, close up shop on the Bank of Bradley, we're done with that puppy. That's a boundary that people pleasers, which I'm one of them recovering people, pleaser. They have to put up the boundary and go as nice of a guy as I am. I'm not gonna do it. I don't do that. The only thing I can do is give you money. And I don't have any right now to give you. That's it. I I love the quote. Choose guilt over resentment. And right now Bradley's dealing with the other side resentment. Hmm. That's, That's choose guilt that you, you couldn't and you didn't versus the resentment of I did and I regret it. Yeah, yeah. If I woke up in your shoes, sir, having done what you've done, I would just walk away. I think it's costing you more than $8,000 in your soul and in your relationship.


And you're even a tiny bit resentful towards your wife for asking you to do this for her cousin who's a parasite. Yeah. And I'm gonna put an end to every bit of that. I'm just gonna say, oh, I'm done. Not gonna think about it anymore. No more money have zero expectation. And the secret to happiness is low expectations. It's like my golf game. So It's working out so far. It's Just, I'm not gonna get mad about something that I have no expectation is actually going to occur. That's pretty easy. You know what I mean? 'cause that that's what happens. And if, if it only costs you $8,000 to learn this lesson, It Was cheap. That was cheap deal. That cheap stupid tax was deal very cheap stupid tax.


Dave's done it with way more zeros on the end. Yeah. I definitely have done it with a lot of, I've learned a lot dumber things and a lot bigger things and you know, and you know, it's the never again principle. Once you do something dumb, you say, okay, that's in the never again bucket. We never again do that. And that way I'll never lose. I may lose money another way, but I won't lose money that way. Never again. Well, The hardest part is not forgiving the other person. It's forgiving yourself because you just think, gosh, how did I do something so dumb? And I'm, I I can't let this go. And It causes anger inside of you. That's a difficult thing. It is. It is. And It is like, I mean, 'cause if you look at it objectively, neither one of these characters were worthy of a loan.


They weren't, I mean, they're not Who would loan these people money if it wasn't, if you weren't? Well, I'm guessing a, a bank wouldn't loan them money. No, They wouldn't Loan. Which is why they went to him. Exactly. The Bank of Bradley. It's got a nice ring to it, honestly. Yeah, It's closed though. It's Closed For business. It's no longer open for business. Oh, We liquidated the assets, Got a little sign on the front like the Persian rug place going out of business, 80% off, still Going out of business And yet somehow still too expensive. Four 14 years later we're still going out Of business. And you still got ripped off on that rug. That's It. Not fool me once. Oh, Bradley, I'm sorry. I hate it for you, man. But that's what I would do. That puts us out of The Ramsey Show in the books.


We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace. And that's the Walk Daily with the Prince of Peace. Christ Jesus.


Hey folks, Dave Ramsey here. You know, budgeting doesn't have to be boring. You just need a budgeting app that's made with you in mind. And that's EveryDollar. The EveryDollar app has helped millions of people work the baby steps and take the stress outta planning and managing their money. Start budgeting with EveryDollar for free right now. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash EveryDollar and download the app today. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash EveryDollar.