
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Rachel Cruz, number one bestselling author, many times over Ramsey personality and host of the Rachel Cruise Show. My daughter is my co-host today. Open phones here at eight eight Eight two five five two two five. You call with your questions about your life. That's what we're here for. The Call is free. And some say the advice is worth Exactly what? You pay for It. So we're glad you're here, Rachel.


Big day today. Another book launch the third Rachel Cruz kids book is out. Yes. Ding, ding, ding, ding ding D ding. It is. I know. I'm so excited. So I'm glad when I can share. So this is the kids' book on generosity and I went with the sharing element. 'cause for our little ones, teaching them to open their hand and share as kinda that first step in generosity. but it, it concludes my series. I did one on contentment gratitude, and this is the final one for generosity. So this is the three kids book series and the third one is out today. And they've all been best sellers. I'm glad for what I have, I'm glad for where I am. That's contentment, right? I'm glad for where I AM's.


Gratitude. Gratitude. And the first one's contentment. And then this one is generosity. I'm glad went for when I can share. And it's a three book series and this is the third. This is the third one. So it's 1999 at Ramsey Solutions dot com in the bookstore. And again, sweet Lauren just continued to the, these world class illustrations make the book. Yes. Lauren Gallegos is the illustrator for all of them. And she just, I mean, did a fabulous job. So yeah, it's a, it's a really sweet book and it's short. You're welcome. Parents. Yeah. For Those of you that do bedtime stories, they are nine years long. Yes, you have. This is a short one. You don't have that here. And, and on each of these books, I always try to add an element for the adults at the end.


So just a, a sweet reminder, right? When it comes to contentment, there's that, and then this one for gratitude, that, that joy in life really is the gifts that God has given us from our brothers and our sisters and you know, all of that to understanding that when we give it is a joy unlike anything else that money can buy. It's the most fun you'll ever have with money. We had Jimmy Darts on yesterday who's got the big YouTube channel Oh yes. Giving money away. And we were talking about the power of generosity and we teach you guys as you know, to live like no one else so that later you can live and to give like no one else. And Lauren even snuck that onto the license plate of one of the cars in there. Yes. Sweet. So you'll have to look for the hidden, the hidden meanings in this book.


There's some Little Easter eggs in there. There's A few, few little, few little waldos book. Call me Taylor Swift, but I have my own Easter. Easter eggs. Look for Waldo. Where's Waldo? Yeah. So there it is. Live like no one else on the license plate. Probably need to get one of those for one of our cars for real. Sweet. That'd pretty cool. I never thought of that. Because, but nobody knows what it means unless they know what it means. So. Well It's just letters on that one. Yeah, totally. Yeah, it's, it's nuts. But yeah, anyway, good stuff. So I'm glad when I can share. It's here, it's on sale. Oh. Just in time for Christmas and it's 1999 at Ramsey Solutions dot com in the store. And of course you can order it anywhere. You can order great books as well. The other two books in the series are only 1799.


So you can pick up all three of them for what, 50 bucks roughly. And a little, a little over $50. And you'd have a wonderful little set for the grand babies or for the babies, whatever it is. Yeah. For Christmas. And so good stuff. And speaking as the grandfather who has a few grandchildren that might be accused of picking out the longest possible book, some of those Doctor Zeus books go on for days and they have a way of find, this is the one I wanna read. Papa Dave. That's right. Translation. I wanna stall bedtime as far as I can. And so doesn't work with any of the three of these, these three all get to the point. And you go to bed.


Yeah, They're pretty fast and they rhyme. They're very sweet. Great message. But yeah, we get to the point. So you're welcome parents for that. Good stuff. Lorena is with us in Dallas, Texas. Hi Lorena Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey guys, how are y'all? Better than we deserve. What's up in your world? Good, good. I just have a couple of questions. So I'll start off with that. I feel like I cannot move out of my parents' house due to financial struggles that they're, that they are having and I'm also having as well. Okay. So what causes you not to be able to move out because of their financial struggles. Walk me through That. They need your, they need your rent Basically.


Yes sir. And so, so I, since I moved back in, I've been trying to get rid of my debt and start following the baby steps and But you pay them rent? No, I do not. Oh, When, why? How would it affect them negatively if you left? So they're, right now they're in a rental property and their city is actually planning on demolishing the area that they are in. Is this The house you live in? Correct. How would it affect them negatively if you left? Because I don't think they could, you know, I don't think they could move into a new house without My house. You're not paying them any rent.


That's true. But the Only thing, so there's no net loss to them when you leave. It's a net gain. Yes. That that is true. Because whenever they do have to move, eventually the rent that they're paying will be up more. Oh yeah. Okay. Than what they're paying right now. And then you would pay, you would start paying rent. Correct. To help them do that. Okay. Correct. Bad solution. Yeah. So that's why I feel kind of stuck. and I, you're not stuck, It's just you got, you need to, everybody's gotta reset their expectations in this. Right? They're in an unrealistically low rental rate on a house. Yes. That's being demolished. Correct. So they cannot rent the same house three streets over, they can't afford it.


Correct. That's Why So need to move to a different area. Yes, sir. So that's why I just feel stuck. I feel like they're looking at me and I'm, it's not, and I have My hands tied. It's not, it's them. They need to move to an area they can afford to live. They're like grownups and stuff, Right? Yeah. Maybe they need to act Like it, but it's hard. I mean it, but but in a family dynamic, I mean, I think Dave's calling out the, the dysfunction in that, that they're leaning on you to help them and their situation. Well, Or somebody made you feel guilty. I don't know whether you took it on yourself or They did, But yeah. So that, that, that, that's what I would say to you is to, is you have to be able to release that yourself. Yeah. Because that is not your responsibility. Even though the dynamic may feel like it is.


And there's always a weird element with adult kids when their parents are in trouble to feel like they've helped me, they raised me, they gave me a roof over my head growing up. So I in turn feel obligated, indebted to help them. Is that true? Yes. No, that's exactly what happened. I had to recently move back five months ago and since they're not letting me pay any rent, that's why I feel obligated to help them. Because they gave you that gift, correct. Right. Well, and that's, and that's a false obligation. Yeah. That wasn't the deal. Okay. The Deal wasn't, you moved back in and so you're indebted to us for the rest of your life. Right. That wasn't the deal.


You move back in, don't pay us any rent. Get yourself straightened up. It's a gift we can give you right now. We can't continue giving you that gift 'cause they're making us move to demolish the house. And so now we've gotta move to an area that's, that's not even what we want to do. 'cause we can't afford to live here anymore, Right? Correct. Lorena, how old are you? I'm 26. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I just wanna give you that permission to have that freedom to build your own life. And what it's gonna force you to do as well is to say, oh crap, I don't have mom and dad as a safety net anymore because it's not good for them and ultimately it's not good for me, so I'm gonna have to make hard decisions as well. And it, that's a tough spot. And I'm sorry, I'm sorry it's all coming to a head because of this situation, but I would, I would, I would look at it as a gift in that way.


Yeah. It it, five years from now when you guys are all emotionally and financially sustained, without leaning on each other, you're gonna be better people and better for each other. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, this is Rachel Cruz for Helix Sleep and I. Gotta say, Winston and I love our Helix mattress. Winston likes a firmer mattress than I do, but differences like that are why Helix has lots of mattress models to choose from. So whether you sleep on your side, your stomach or your back. Helix has you covered. And one of the best parts for us was taking the personalized Helix sleep quiz. They matched us with the perfect mattress and it only took two minutes. We also got the Glacier Text cooling cover, which pulls heat away from our bodies while we sleep for the coolest, most comfortable sleep we have ever had. Not to mention our mattress and topper were all easy to set up and the quality is incredible. Plus Helix offers a hundred night trial and all mattresses come with either a 10 or 15 year warranty. But here's the best part. The Helix Black Friday sale is happening now. Get 25% off all mattresses and get a free bedding bundle on select products. Go to Helix sleep.com/ RAMSEY. That's Helix sleep.com/ Ramsey with Helix. Better sleep starts now.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight Eight two five five two two five. Jennifer is with us in Phoenix, Arizona. Hi Jennifer. how are you? Hi, I'm doing well. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I wanted to see what y'all would do with a pile of money. I'm in, I'm in baby steps three B and four, but then I found myself in storm number one. Surprise. I'm pregnant and oh Well, congratulations. Thank you. Storm number two, five weeks later I suffered a major medical event, found out I have an underlying condition that will put me at risk from more major medical events.


And we can't really address the problem for a year or two until baby gets here and we can do a lot of testing and investigate it. So I had been saving a bunch of money for a house, but it had been sitting in a high yield savings account. But those rates are declining. So would you guys leave it in high yield savings or would you move it into like a brokerage account to maximize the yield? 'cause I feel like that goal is now three to five years down the road. How much money in your emergency fund and how much money in this fund we're talking about My emergency fund is 50,000. It's 12 months And this this money, this money is how much, But my house fund is currently at 150,000.


Okay, so you have $200,000. So this medical procedure, what's the financial dent that this might make? That's a million dollar question. Literally a million dollar question. I don't know. Well, you have health insurance. Yes, I do. Okay. and I have very good health insurance, but I'm also out of work and currently on unprotected leave because of everything going on. So all of that Changed. What do you make? I make 140 a Year. What's your husband make? I don't have one of those.


Okay. All right. And so you're unprotected, you're not making any money, you don't have an income right now. That is not a true statement. I had a bunch of sick time and vacation time that been Oh, I thought you said unprotected leave. I thought you meant you were on family leave act with no pay. Okay. So again, what you've gotta ascertain not from a fear base, but just some actual analysis is, is this a $50,000 problem you're facing or a $200,000 problem out of pocket with your health insurance, with your potential loss of income that'll be unpaid once you run out of these other things.


and I kind of think you got a lot of savings here, So I shouldn't tell you about my brokerage fund or my sinking fund. You, you, you are a savings maniac girl. I love it. How much is in the brokerage account and how much is in this sinking fund? The brokerage fund is 80,000 and the sinking fund is 30,000. What's it sinking for? A car? Vacation travel. Okay. All right. So now we have $310,000 to weather this.


I think you're okay. Breathe right. Well I think the, I think the, the scary thing, Jennifer, is you don't have a lot of answers and you won't have a lot of answers until after the baby comes. Correct? Absolutely. With the health situation. So I I I'm in No, there's no panic to do anything with this money. I would just keep everything, we would tell you to pause everything anyway, since you are pregnant, there's nothing else to like majorly do. and I, I would wait till baby comes. You're good. Run some tests and if, if, and if you're in the same position in 18 months financially you're okay. And then you can make some big, you know, decisions.


But I think you can take a portion of this and put it in a brokerage account. Would you tell her to go get a house right now? Dave's kind of smirking. I feel like you No, no, I wouldn't. I I I would sit where I am. Yeah. And just, you could throw it in a high yield savings and it doesn't matter what you do with this money for 18 months. But you weren't gonna put this brokerage account down as the down payment on your house, were you? No, that was, See, come on, Retire. That was a retirement fund. That's Not a retirement fund. It's a brokerage account. Well, where I worked previously, they didn't offer How much do you have in your 401k Super saver. 500. Okay, come on.


Okay. You, you need to put well done, Jennifer, to when, when this is over and you take your three B 150 K, add the brokerage account to it for your down payment on the house. I want you to put two 30 down on the house when this is over. Right now, I don't want you to do anything. I just want you to lean into the security that you've built for yourself. You are a master saver. You're amazing saver. but it, it, you're, you're taking it too far. But for today it's okay that it's too far until you get past the storm. So when you get past this too, storm the storm though. By The house. Yeah. Buy the house and put all this money towards a stinking house, you know, seriously after Me, after the, the realization of the medical expenses and The's ongoing income.


Income, yeah. Whatever's left. Yeah. Yeah. Outta the brokerage account outta the 150. But a, a 12 month emergency fund. No, stop that. You know, plus a brokerage account just because I didn't have a retirement before, but I got a half million over here. You're in. Good. You're fine. You're gonna be so rich. It's unbelievable. You can't keep yourself from saving money. You're amazing. Well Done. So, yeah. So yeah, you're challenge Jennifer is gonna be resting in the piece of what you've created. Yes. I mean, that's it. So the so, so lower the stress, enjoy this pregnancy. Breathe. Just like Dave was saying, like, you're good. You are good. Don't make big moves right now, have the baby. But between now and baby, like you're, you are, you are secure and great.


You Are good. Yeah. Let's get the medical thing in your rear view mirror and then let's get the savings trim back down to where it should be. And that's, that's what I would do if I woke up in your shoes. Zach is in Charleston, South Carolina. Hi Zach, how are you? I'm doing all right. Thank y'all for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So basically I was in a car accident not too long ago and the guy totaled my car and the settlement check is about 6,000 and I still have 4,200 or 4,500 left over on the car. So I was wondering if I should pay off the car and then basically just wait till I can get another car or get another car and then like slowly ship off the, the debt.


You can't, they're not gonna give you the check unless you give them the title for the total car and you're not gonna get the title for the total car unless you pay the loan off. That's a lien on the car. Well, they already gave, I already gave them the title and they, they gave me, they were sending me the check today, so I bet it's net of the payoff. They probably sent the payoff to the bank. Oh, okay. Because you got a lien on the car title. Right, Right, right. Yeah, un unless you did something that was not a lien on the car title. But e either way, let, let's pretend that, that I'm, that I'm wrong on this for some reason under South Carolina law and I'm missing something. Then when you get the check, pay off the debt, okay.


And then you've got like a thousand bucks left or whatever it is, 1500 bucks left to go buy a beater car. Yeah. Okay. And that's what I would do if I woke up in your fridge. Do you have any money saved? Zach? Do you have like an extra thousand somewhere? No, No. I'm very new to all it. Okay. No, you're great. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The goal would be to get to, to buy a, a car in cash. And let me challenge you Zach. So we're in Nashville and on Sunday for whatever reason, maybe it's 'cause of, I knew you were calling in Zach and the Lord spoke to my heart, but I was, I I literally googled $5,000 cars in Nashville because I'm like, 'cause 'cause we get this car call a lot and people are like, well I can't get a 5,000 car. and I looked up and I'm like, oh my, I mean you just can scroll and scroll and they're not terrible looking cars.


I mean, you know, they may be like 10, he's not 10, 10 years old or something. But I'm just saying you have $15,000. I would save up another 2000 and you can and you can get what a, you can get a 2500, 1500. I'm sorry. That's what I meant. 1500. Okay. But you can get a $3,000 car. Yes. Yes. And they're Out there and here, here's the Trick. Here's the trick. They're out there. What was your old car payment? My old, my old car payment was like 400. Okay. So I would say $500 a month after I buy my beater car so that I can move up in car in six months 'cause I don't wanna drive this piece of crap for very long. Right. Okay. Yeah. 500 bucks for six months is another $3,000 and 500 bucks for another six months is another $3,000.


This is how you get rich. You don't pay people car payments, you buy things with cash and don't have payments. That's the goal. And that you're new to this stuff. That's the, that's the bottom line of what we teach. Brother, proud of you. Thanks for asking the question. This is The Ramsey Show.


If you're like most people, your financial and personal documents are scattered all over, making it hard to find a specific account number or password when you need it. And even harder for our loved ones when we pass away. One key to having a healthy financial life is being able to access your information and knock box makes that simple knock box N Okay. As in next of kin is a complete system that helps you organize your important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place. Knock box saves your family the trouble of tracking down random scraps of paper or hacking into your laptop. So don't add headaches to their heartache. Start getting organized today by visiting knock box.com/ Ramsey. That's N ok box.com/ Ramsey.


If you wanna listen in to everything we do around here, you can do it on The Ramsey Network app downloaded. It's completely free and including the last hour of this show every day. And you can jump in and catch the video and the audio and whatever else you can search it. There's all kinds of good stuff. And you can ask questions on The Ramsey Network app. This one is from Todd. Yes, Todd asks, should I consider converting my employer match each year in my 401k to Roth dollars and pay the taxes. Now I'm 31 years old and wondering if converting the match each year will benefit our financial future in retirements?


Yes. Yes, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. You ought do it. And pay the taxes of course out of your pocket when you do that. Especially Todd, if you're out of debt, if you're, if it's gonna be a large amount of money outta your pocket because of this, you may not want to do it for a while. Just let it build up and you can go back and do it all at once. You can do it anytime you want. You let, let it build up for four or five years and then do it all at once at that time. I do mine every year because my company that I own is required to match my, because I'm an employee of the company I own, which is weird, but I get a 401k with a company match and the match is required to be in traditional and I roll it to Roth at this time of year every year.


And that creates that amount of money to be taxed on. But then I'm never taxed on the growth after that, nor are my heirs because inheriting a Roth IRA is not anywhere near the problem that inheriting a taxable traditional IRA is. And so it even helps later on with your estate planning. 'cause I don't have a single thing right now in my name or my wife's name that's not Roth. I have rolled everything to Roth and paid all the taxes in it. So I'll have no required minimum distributions, either it's 72 and a half when, so other people will, so that, that's an interesting part of the equation. But yeah. Yes, definitely. Especially if it doesn't affect your get out of debt plan.


Now if it's taking money outta your pocket that you need to use to pay off your car, no, let's wait a year or two and do it later after You do you do all at once You, you can do it every year at one time. The match for that year, you can do it into No, I know, but if you had a full one and you were converting a lump sum, could you divide the lump sum into half and just convert half of it? Yes. And half of it. Yes. Like take it a time if you, yeah, So if you had a hundred thousand dollars in traditional and you wanted to roll it but you didn't want 50 all the taxes in one year. Yes. You could do 50,000 and then next year do 50,000 if you want to. That kind of thing. Yep, yep, yep. And so you can let it build up if you're still getting outta debt and then go back and fix it later. I mean you're only 31, so If, you have fixed it at 36. It was still gonna have all the benefits of it growing tax free for years and years and years and years and years.


Gus is in Boston. Hey Gus, how are you? Hey Dave, I'm good. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I was working a well-paying job a hundred thousand a year and I got laid off. I've been looking for work something similar, something paying about the same for the past few months. But no luck. I haven't gotten any interviews at all. I believe that it's just the current market conditions. There's been lots of layoffs. This is in the, the biotechnology sector by the way. And so right now I'm debating going back and getting a master's degree because I think it would make me more qualified, more likely to land one of these high paying jobs again.


However, I think that I would need to either cash out a brokerage account that I've been saving for a house eventually, or take on debt to pay for this. Now I have no debt otherwise, not even a credit card. I've been listening to you for years and so I guess I'm really nervous at the idea of either cashing out this brokerage account, which I'm making gains on, or taking out debt to get another degree. Are you married? But I Don't myself landing, no I'm not. Okay. What have you been living on while you've been laid off for six months or three months? So I, I have an emergency fund fully funded six months, but also I've been collecting unemployment.


Okay. And you're living on the unemployment? Yes. Because you're not touched the emergency fund I can tell by talking to you. Yeah, no. Yeah. Okay. How much longer does that run? So unemployment will go through the end of February and then I'll have six months on the emergency fund. But as you know, I don't want to touch that unless it's a true emergency. Yeah, Yeah. Gus, what's the line of thinking that this degree is the thing that will get you in the job if you haven't had interviews anyways? Is it, is it on the applications? Like what you're seeing, you're like, oh, I need that advanced degree for sure. Or is this just a, it's gonna look better in general and you think that's gonna help you? So previously my title was Senior Research Associate and I got that with a year and a half experience and a bachelor's degree.


Now I'm seeing for the same titles, largely same responsibilities. All of the postings are saying bachelor's or masters. And then I got a free trial, a LinkedIn premium, and it's been telling me that, you know, there's 60 plus applicants all with master's degrees who are applying to these same jobs with the same title. So I'm concerned that because a lot of biotechs went bankrupt this year, the market's been flooded with high quality applicants. Gotcha. So what did, what was your day job? What did it look like? What did you do as a research researcher? So it was operating automated liquid handling systems, you know, like pipetting, working in a lab, lab coat, goggles, gloves, the whole deal.


And so specifically it's next generation sequencing. So it's all sort of furthering research objectives of these large pharmaceutical companies. Got that tape. Yeah, I did. Yeah. I'm just trying to, what I'm looking for and, and the reason I paused is what, what I'm looking for is what that is, how that is applicable beyond just the narrowness of this field. Something Else. Yeah, Because the, the other thing is, is that we're starting to see some early signs of the economy getting a jumpstart. And so by first quarter of next year, I think the job market may look considerably different than it looks today.


That's an opinion from, from your perspective. What I don't know is the world that you're in and what the lab coat goggles and the buns and Bernard, how that applies to other industries other than the specific one you were in. I'm not sure that a master's degree gets you a job. Let's say for instance that 30% of the players in that nuanced area are now out of business. A master's degree doesn't necessarily get you in the door on the remaining 70%. 'cause the jog market shrunk so dadgum much that what does get you in the door is Ken Coleman's proximity principle. You know, somebody that knows somebody there that they'll at least give you a look.


And you're one and a half years of experience actually doing the sequencing and actually doing the research is far superior. If I'm the employer to someone that got a sheep skin, got a master's degree. Yeah. So, so now I'm at three years experience. That was One I it's three years experience as far superior to a master's degree. I don't want someone that was taught to do it by a college professor. I love someone who's actually done it like for three freaking years. I think your experience is superior to their master's degree is what I'm saying. But you haven't just gotten your foot in the right door to where someone will actually talk to you and will respect that three years.


But within that nuanced world, the number of people walking around with a master's degree and three years experience is fairly low. You might have a bunch of kids coming outta school with a master's and no experience and I think you got them beat. I think you're holding a straight flush here. So yeah, I I I I'm gonna work Ken Coleman's system and I'm gonna work some other jobs and I'm gonna start expanding my idea. Maybe I don't wanna be doing this three years from now, five years from now. Maybe I wanna apply these skill sets in some other areas of research in the lab, but not necessarily this nuanced area.


I wanna broaden the, the, the scope of my search and how applicable are these skills in other labs and in other situations. Even petroleum or something way off the grid. I mean, where is it that there's a lab? I don't know. And, and I'm gonna try to get in those labs because lab experience is lab experience. I understand it's petroleum would be different than gene sequencing. I get that. But, but, but I still, you would know more about going into any lab of any kind than I would. 'cause I've never been in one as an employee. So that's, you know, I I I think you've got some broadening number one.


Number two, I'm gonna send you Ken Coleman's book, the Proximity Principle. and I want you to use that to get in touch with people that you know, that know people that know people that get your resume looked at. 'cause I think you've got a Trump card here. This is The Ramsey Show. I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah.


And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, oh, it's terrible. Or people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am The middle, how be next week? Yeah. How In the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And It doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 or go to xandr.com.


I'm Dave Ramsey your host, Thank you for joining us America. Rachel Cruz, RAMSEY personality is my co-host, number one bestselling author. And the new book is out. The new children's book came out today. That's means a set of three is now available. I'm glad when I can share, I can share. There it is. Teaching kids generosity the last of the three. So contentment, gratitude, and generosity are the messages of the three books. This is the third and the trilogy and the final book. They're all available at Ramsey Solutions dot com starting today. Great Christmas presents. Elisa is with us in Alyssa rather in Jacksonville, Florida. Hi Alyssa, how are you?


Hi Dave. Hi Rachel. how are you guys? Great. How can We help? So I was wondering how much a mortgage rate should decrease before it's worth refinancing? Well that's a it, the weird question is how long are you gonna, are you going to break even on the savings before you get rid of the mortgage, is the way you look at it. So here's how you do the math. Okay? What is your current loan balance? 2 56. Okay. And so if you save 1% a year, you save $2,500. If you save 2% a year, you save $5,000.


Does that sound right? Yes. Okay. So if your closing cost, if you're saving, if your closing cost is $10,000 to refinance, I'll just make up a number. Okay. Then how quick do you get your closing costs back with the rate that, with the savings that you have from a lower interest rate. And so if you're saving 2% in your case you're saving about $5,000 a year, you would recoup a $10,000 closing cost in two years and everything after two years, you're gonna make money that's gravy on the biscuit after two years. You see how I did that? Yes. So you divide the actual dollars saved with the lower interest rate into the closing costs and that gives you the break even point.


And that should be less than three years. Typically people say two years, you need to break even on the closing costs in about two years. So a lot of times it takes a one and a half to a 2% savings for it to make sense. Okay. The average mortgage, average Mortgage rate right now is adjustable after 10 years. When is the 10 years come up? Not till 2033. Okay. So you got a little time to ride the market. And again, when the market is, what's your current interest rate? 6.5%. Okay. And so, you know, you, you're not gonna get a 2% savings right now?


No, definitely Not. And you're probably not even gonna get a 1% savings today. You might, but, so depending on how you structure the loan, whatever, but that doesn't account points. We're not paying points to create a false thing. But the bottom line is the interest. The refinance saves you money on interest and that gives you the money to pay back the closing costs. And you need for those closing costs to be paid back in two to three years for it to make sense. And that that's how you run the actual calculation on it. And you, you'll have that happen long before your adjustable rate kicks in in 2033. I was Gonna say, in that many years, who knows what the interest rates are gonna look like? So who knows?


I mean, but the average mortgage folks out there across the span of my 40 years of being around real estate and in the real estate business, the average mortgage days on the books only five and a half years either due to refinance or sale of the property. And so you don't, you, you really don't keep a 30 year mortgage, 30 years in reality. So very often, I mean a few people do, I'm talking about the average. And so you certainly don't want something where the break even on your refinance is 10 years in a world where the average mortgage has gone in five and a half. So that's bad. Of course also you would include in that, if I'm paying aggressively on the mortgage, how quickly will it be paid off?


Am I gonna have it paid off before I break even for That's true. That's another thing you would've to look at. So, but we're just, you're, you're trying to look at the actual dollars saved as a result of the lower interest rate versus the actual dollars and closing costs. And that gives you your break even analysis from a, an accounting perspective. And that'll help you make the decision very, very quickly. The good news is, Rachel, that that's now a thing again, that, you know, rates have softened a little bit. They're not up, they're, you know, they're not, they're not way up, they're not way down. But there's a lot of getting there, optimism out there, some hope. And a lot of people starting to look at this and four months ago no one was even talking about that.


They were just frozen right during the headlights. That, And it's just fascinating the way real estate shakes out because we were even talking on one of my shoots, the Rachel Crew Show shoot yesterday that, you know, in 20 21, 20 22, people were afraid it was a bubble and everything was gonna pop. And, and the, you know, the, because the how quickly price prices rose and increased and now they've just stayed there, which has made the market tough, right? To get in what you had to have in 2017 looks so much different Oh yeah. Than what you have to have today. So it is difficult, but if you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate, that's kind of our real estate home base if you will. And we have so much information 'cause we know this is a big topic for people. So this is everything from talking about agents to your first time home buying or if you're looking to move what the market's doing.


There's articles, podcasts, there's so much there. So If you have interest on real estate and more what Ramsey has to say. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash real estate and check it out. Check it out There. Matthew's in Omaha. Hi Matthew Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. So I'm looking to basically minimize the taxes my parents are paying in retirement on their IRAs that they're taking distributions out of. And that's basically my question. Can't You can't No. Required minimum distributions are taxable. You can't get out of 'em. Well They're, so we're not in required minimum distribution yet. So my dad's 66 and my mom's 61.


Why are they growing on it? How are they growing on it? Why are they drawing on it? They need the money. I mean, they're drawing on it basically for, you know, just like they want a deck. So they wanna put a deck on the back of their house. So they're thinking about drawing on their retirement fund. They're still making about 140 KA year plus around 20,000 dividends. So, and they've also got a, they've got five real estate properties with about, they're making about 60,000 a year. I think they're pulling, So they have a $200,000 a year income. They can't figure out what a buy deck.


Yeah. So they, they're trying to put about an $80,000 deck on they on the house, the residential house nice deck and I'm sorry, Nice deck. Oh yeah, it will be a very nice deck. It's gonna have a covering and it'll be pretty nice. So, but yeah, so they're, they're they're looking to do that. But it's kind of, they were thinking about pulling a hundred thousand dollars out, a hundred thousand dollars out on the house. How much do they have in retirement In their portfolio? They have about 2.2 million. Okay. And then they have about a million dollars worth of real estate that it makes rent.


And then they have yeah, about a million dollar residential house. Okay. I think they've got this figured out. I don't think they need you or me. I think they've got the money. And when you pull money out of a traditional IRA and you got $2 million in there and you pull money out, it's gonna be taxable. There's not a hack on that man. There's no hack. It's just taxable period. That's the problem with the traditional instead of the Roth. It's why we wanna move as many people towards Roth as we can. 'cause when they get up here, if it was in a Roth, it'd be a no brainer. Yeah. There'd be no taxes on It. Is there any time to pull money out of retirement if you're still working, you're at retirement age, you can do it without penalty. Is there ever a time you'd say, yeah, yeah. Use your retirement for that? Well they, they can do it without penalty and they can pull this a hundred grand out of there and it's 2.2 million.


They can afford it. Yeah. But he's wanting to not pay taxes on it. You can't do that. You're gonna pay taxes on it. There's not a hack for that dude. It's just taxable period. And there's not a, there's not an offset on it if there's an offset, you know, interesting. So I, I'm probably personally not going to do that. If I'm in their situation, I'm going to budget for the deck. They can afford it. It's not gonna kill 'em. It's not bankrupting them, but they don't wanna pay the taxes on this. It's an ouchie. I hate taxes. I don't wanna pay the taxes on it either. It's an ouchie. So I'm gonna find another way out of $60,000 worth of real estate income and figure it out 140 to get the rest of this paid.


It's that simple. That's gonna be my plan. So that puts us hour of The, Ramsey, Show in the books. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions.


Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create actual amazing relationships.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey personality is my co-host today, my daughter and number one bestselling author. And the new book, the new children's book, I'm glad when I can share is out today. So be sure you check it out at Ramsey Solutions dot com. That's the third of the children's books. That three, that trilogy makes a great Christmas present, so be sure and check it out. I am Dave Ramsey your host Don is with us and Don is in Alaska. Hi Don, how are you? I'm doing good sir. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? I have a gold dredging operation that I'm a part of and I can expect to gain just about 24 to 35 ounces of gold this upcoming season.


And that is, the operation is paid solely in the metal that we collect and no cash or payroll is given. And I'm kind of curious on what would be the best way of selling that gold or capitalizing on that gold. Because with the current gold price, that would be right around from the very worst that we could do on averages speaking. I could get around about 50 or so a thousand dollars with the current gold price. So that's your pay for a year? Not for a year. It's a three month operation. Oh, okay. So in January to April is the But it's your pay for your, for your, for your job For the hours go.


Yeah. It's, it's more of a kind of a partnership than it is a, a job necessarily. Okay. Alright. So some guys are going out dredging gold, you're gonna get your cut. Yeah. And it's 50 grand. It's 50 grand, 20% cut. Well you may know more about actually liquidating the, the raw gold than I would know. But what I would do is liquidate it. I'm gonna turn it into money. Okay. I'm Not, I'm not holding it as an investment. I'm gonna turn it into money and used that money to, to achieve my particular financial goals, which around here we would call baby steps. Yeah. and I, I already have the 25,000 in, in for what?


Emergency fund. Sorry. Good. and I was just kind of curious on, are You debt free? What Would be I I am debt free right now. You own your house free and clear. I don't have a house. I I currently live employee housing with my current employer in Dutch Harbor and I would like to get, eventually get to the point where I have a, a duplex or a triplex or something, something of that nature. But current gold prices are, or sorry, the property prices where I call home is a, a little bit more than I'd be able to save up for. Yeah. In my opinion. Well, what would a duplex cost? The current one I'm looking at right now is about 4 99.


Okay. Alright. So take a few years of saving up to do that. What else do you do other than this? I'm a commercial diver. I, I dive for gold and I also, I, I worked for a company up here. Yeah. So what's your income on that annually for welding About 60 a Year. Okay. So your income, your household income, so to speak, you is 50 and 60. So one 10. Does that sound right? Just about, okay, Cool. All right. And you're a single guy with all your housing paid for. So you can save a ton of this and just start throwing it in good mutual funds and use those mutual funds to pay cash for a, a duplex later. So the danger of what of your situation is, is that you, you and your, your buddies, your employers are all very familiar with touching and owning and transacting in raw gold.


'cause it's just part of your culture where you are. Right. It's like everywhere. It's all around you. Yeah. I mean it's, And so the danger of that psychologically is it causes you to kind of normalize that where it's not normal anywhere else to do that, but it is right there in your world. And, and if it normalizes it cause you not to look at it through the lens of an investment. Instead it's just kind of part of your life. And so I I'm gonna step back and look at it as an investment and say, I don't wanna do this as an investment. I would rather have my money in good mutual funds and let the volatility of the gold world not affect a young single diver in Alaska.


I want you to go make a bunch of money and end up with a bunch of it instead of rolling the dice. And when you're playing with metals like gold, you're rolling the dice. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. It's definitely a gamble. That's what I mean In the different ways that you can, I mean we're only, since it's 90% pure, it's not the kind of stuff you go buy at Costco necessarily. No. It's 90% gold, 7% silver. Yep. So it's, it's a little bit different than what you go and liquidate at a a jeweler or go in. Yeah. So how do, how do you sell the wrong gold now? Yeah, I don't know how to do that. How do you do it? So There's a few different ways. The first way that a lot of people do, there's a company up here called GCRI, I think I got that right.


They'll, they'll take a small cut of it and they'll refine it. They'll give you a a 50% check right off the bat. And then a couple weeks later, after everything is said and done, they give you a check of it. But that check is about 10% less than the actual value of it. So that digs in a little bit to it. The other way that I've been doing it, I will either go to a somebody who wants to sell like a truck or something and I'll buy the truck with the metal. I did that and that was pretty fun going off, got my vehicle. And the last way is some people, especially those folks that do the Bearing Sea gold show, they will do what's called pay dirt bags.


They take a little bit of gold, they take a handful of dirt and put it in a bag and sell it to people that think they wanna be all cool and fun and be a prospector for a day. And that's one way I was kind of wondering if it would be smart to do that kind. That's, that's a businessman if you're starting another business now. I'm not doing that. I'm just looking for a way, the first way sounds the most logical to me is you're giving up a cut to turn it into money. It's that simple. And the only question I would have is there someone down in the lower 48 that you can jump on a plane that does the same thing that company does, but gives you a better cut? Like are they up? No, because they're up there.


Are they, are they leaning into this In certain cases? Yes. There's, I mean New York's kinda one of the big places, but that's quite a large plane ticket to get over there and that'd be cutting into the amount that you get back. But roughly the GCR is kind of the one that you want to go with. Okay. Really it's anywhere, depending on the purity, it sounds Easier. Anywhere from Five to 10%. Yeah. Your option is you got a pile of rocks in the corner or you go JCR and go up 10% and turn into cash. And so I'm gonna turn into cash. I just, I'm gonna turn it into cash. I like that. And, and I'm not getting in the dirt back business. That's a different thing now. Now it's a tourist thing and you have a new business and it's a business move.


We're starting a small business in order to liquidate this stuff. And so, and that's probably not the way I'm going either. How interesting. I know. Well I was gonna say 'cause you first Time I've gotten that call in 32 years, He actually finds the gold. Yeah. Never got the, it's Pretty cool. Dawn, The cold water deep diver in Alaska, dredging gold call now. Mike Rowe actually knows those guys and so he's up there all the time. He is been out on those boats. Yeah. But yeah, that's, it's a different thing. Interesting. And A fun way to make some good money too. 50 grand. Yeah. Pretty cool. Well Done Don. Honored to have you in our audience. Very neat what you're doing, Don. I it's very adventurous.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean, but I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ Ramsey.


Hey Guys, it's Rachel Cruz. And guess what? It's my favorite time of year. The lights, the music, the decorations. I mean I love it all. And as a natural spender like myself, it's really easy to overspend and I, wanna do all the things and give my family the kind of holidays they'll always remember. And at the same time, I don't wanna look back at my bank account in January and think, oh, what did I do? So that's why I use the EveryDollar budgeting app. It helps me plan for all of my spending and that's what a budget is. Then once I have my plan in place, I don't have to worry about overspending. I am free to spend guilt free and have fun doing it. Plus, with EveryDollar, you can customize your budget however you want. So whether it's buying gifts, hosting dinners, or even turning your living room into a winter Wonderland, EveryDollar helps you plan for it all. So you guys go out and create some great holiday memories with your family without the stress of overspending Download the EveryDollar app for free today. Go download it today. Rachel Cruz Ramsey Personality is my co-host today The Ramsey Show question of today is brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans, which are different than federal student loans. Why Refi refinances your defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. So kick your private student loan debt out of your life by going to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Jamie in Minnesota. She said my husband and I are 51 and 53. We're debt free and have three cars that are fully paid for with a household income of of 150, $50,000. We are debating whether or not we should sell one of our cars worth $50,000 and apply that to our mortgage. We owe about 90,000 on our mortgage and we'll be paid off in one year if we sell the car versus three years if we do not sell the car. My husband thinks you should not pay off your house early because we can't deduct the mortgage interest on the tax returns and he's afraid we'll owe the IRS last year we paid 3090 $7 and 66 cents in mortgage interest.


Can you provide some feedback on that and what your recommendations are? Okay, well the mortgage or the tax deduction in general, including mortgage interest, is the biggest piece of mythology in all of personal finance because it requires that people forget how to do sixth grade math. Let me walk you through it. If Jamie, if you actually itemize, then you can claim your charitable deductions and your mortgage interest rates. By the way, last year, because the standard deductions are so high, almost no one itemized, including you, you probably didn't even itemize.


So your husband is completely unaware of how this whole thing works because you didn't take a deduction for your mortgage interest unless you itemized 9% of Americans itemize. 91% do not. If you do not itemize, you do not get a tax deduction for your charitable or for your interest. So 91% of the people this doesn't even come up for it with. Right? So that's just dumb. Not you, not you Jamie. But when people are saying, well I don't wanna lose my, you're not taking it anyway. You just don't even know how your taxes work. You're that, gee, plug into it. All right? Now If, if you do, If you did itemize, then you sent the mortgage company $3,000, 3090 $7, 3,100 bucks and that reduced your income, your $150,000 income, buy $3,000.


A tax deduction is not a tax credit. It lowers the amount of income that is taxed. So the tax savings is not $3,100. The tax savings is $3,100 times your tax rate, which is 32% in your case. Okay? And so you saved $1,000 in taxes if you itemized. So here's how this works. Your husband is suggesting absurdly that you send the government $3,100 or you send the mortgage company $3,100 to keep from sending the government $1,000, your trading dollars for quarters dumb trade.


So always pay off your mortgage, never keep it for the tax deduction. If you send somebody $10,000 to keep from sending the government $3,000 by definition, that's mathematically stupid. And then I call myself sophisticated because I didn't pay off my mortgage because they had the text deduction. But I don't even take the text deduction 'cause I'm not even one of the people that itemized and I just didn't even know that that's most people with this opinion around the Thanksgiving table. They're just absolutely do not know how to do math. And they don't know the reality of the situation. Now, worse than that, worse than your broke brother-in-Law telling you this at Thanksgiving.


You're silly Dave. Ramsey doesn't worse than him. The one that pisses me off to no end are people that do taxes for a living and they tell the small business person or they tell you to not pay off your mortgage because you'll lose the tax deduction or to run your expenses up on things you don't need to buy. You need to spend some money by the end of the year, otherwise you're gonna get taxes. Well that is asinine. Ridiculous. You own a a hair care place and you spend 10,000 bucks you don't need to spend because your tax preparer is a moron Who told you to do that?


That's dumb. Let me help you. You got two words for these people that give you that advice. You're fired. The tax write off. It's like the Shit's Creek episode where he is like, well just, I it's a it's a write off. And he's like, yeah, but who's writing it off? He's like, I don't know the write off people. It just gets written off. It's like this like mystical idea of the tax write off. Like it it is like a, It justifies all my liquidity. Oh yeah, always. It's like, well I don't know. It's a tax write off it. It's A write off. Who's Gonna pay for it? Write, I dunno. The write off people, the writeoff people. That's great. I haven't seen that episode. So listen, if your tax person is telling you to run up your expenses or to not pay off debt because you're getting a tax deduction, they're telling you to trade dollars for quarters.


You don't need someone that can't add doing your taxes. You need new tax people. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and get with one of our tax people. They do not make this mistake. Believe me, we wouldn't, they would not have a Ramsey trusted sign on their door if they made this mistake. 'cause they wouldn't be trusted by me. 'cause they don't trust people. They can't do math. So there you go. That's what we're doing here. So guys, whatever you do don't fall for the tax deduction myth. And the irony of ironies is all of these people discussing it, 91% don't itemize in America today. That's everybody. Y'all. I mean, so the 'cause You, because for majority of people, you get a better deal if you just take the standard deduction anyways.


That's what I mean. Yeah. That's why you don't, they don't need the items. You don't need to because the Yeah. It's not like you're stupid. Don Probably don't need to under, under the Trump tax code in his last administration, he ran the standard deduction way up. Yeah. You get an, an automatic deduction just because you breathe. Yep. And your real deductions don't add up to that. So you're better off to take the big one. Right? Right. Exactly. The breath, the breathing deduction. Yes. From the write off people. That's right. From the, from the, But they're there. That's the, the standard deduction has changed the game and it's made the tax filings very easy. And that's probably up to more in the last, what, 10 years way up in the last what, 10 years this used to be. Yeah. I mean, 15 years ago if I was talking about this, it'd been 70% because This was a main point back in the day at our live events back in 20, oh you know, 2004.


Yep. This was a big discussion and now it's not, you don't hear it as much anymore because The standard deduction was raised and the number of people there that Yeah. That don't itemize is so few. Yes. So Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it was absurd back then. 'cause you're trading dollars for quarters and we to cover it in the live events in those old arena events. That's right. That's right. And it was absurd back then. It's just as absurd now for the same reason. but it's doubly absurd 'cause it really doesn't apply to hardly anybody Anymore. Yep. And I'll bet you money Jamie Doest itemize. Yep. 91% don't. Yep. And so it doesn't even come up. So her husband's arguing a, a theory that he's not even doing. And then if he was doing it, he is trading dollars for quarters. Yes. So don't trade dollars for quarters.


Pay off your mortgage. And the other, the other argument for not paying off the mortgage is I can make more in the market versus what I'm paying in interest. Yeah. Said no millionaires ever. Right. The millionaires that we, the 10,000 millionaires that we studied, none of them precisely zero said I became a millionaire by not paying off my house and investing the difference into the market. None of them say that. It's always broke people that say this stuff, the broke people that don't want to lean in and do the smart long-term financial plays like getting your home paid off. Yep. So yeah, it's, it's, it's asinine you guys, the data just does not back it up. The math does not back it up. Pay off your house people when you get to baby.


Step six, finish the baby steps and pay it off and, and don't deal with tax people that can't add. Please God. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ Ramsey and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Folks, the RAMSEY Christmas cash giveaways here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Rachel Cruz, number one bestselling author, Ramsey personality. My daughter is my co-host today. Feel free to drop by and visit us in the Ramsey headquarters.


We do this show from one to four central time every Monday through Friday. And it's free to drop in and watch the show. We do the show on the glass in the lobby and there's always 50 to 200 folks out here watching the show. There's free chocolate chip homemade cookies, smells like Mama's Kitchen when you walk in here and free coffee. So come hang out with us. Watch the show. Whoever's taping it and doing it that day. It's not taping it's live but you know we're here doing it. And in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions when we built this building, we put up the debt free stage right across from our glass here. And one of our favorite things is to do a debt-free scream on the debt-free stage. The only thing that is more exciting for us than to do a debt-free scream on the debt-free stage is to do it with a Ramsey Solutions team member.


And Brianna Moore is with us. She's one of our team members. Welcome Brianna. Hi. Hello. Hello. Way to go. Congratulations Thank you. I can't believe I'm here. Tell tell folks what you do here at RAMSEY and how long you've been with us. I've been here for four years and I do SEO and content marketing for our amazing real estate department. Shout out to real estate. So Our Ramsey trusted real estate agents all across the nation benefit from your hard work. Yes. And you writing, doing the content on the website and other things to cause content marketer to cause all that to happen. Yes sir. Okay, very cool. Good for you. Four years you've been on the team. Alright, now we do not, this is the one time we don't ask the folks income because you know, 30 or 40 of the people standing around 50 of the people standing around work with her and that would be a wee bit awkward.


So we're not gonna do that. But we will ask you this. How much did you pay off? $204,000. Oh good lord. Oh my gosh. And how long did it take? Six years. Six years. Wow. And 40. 40. What Kind of debt was this? Student loans, 164 of that was the principal and then 40,000 of that was interest. So It's all student loans? Yes. Student loans. What'd you get your degree in? Digital media management. Okay, so business for your business degree. Yes. At a private school in Austin. So There You go. Yeah. And you paid Austin's cool though for it? Yeah. Wow. Oh My gosh. How great though.


Okay. How long have you been outta school? Six Years. Okay. So you started immediately. Yes. And it took you six years to clean it up. Yep. You leaned in four of those years you've been here. Yes. So does it make it more awkward to work at RAMSEY while you're working your debt snowball or easier? 'cause I would think all the peer pressure is positive. Yeah, It, it was definitely easier and more fun and I felt less shame telling people how much I was paying off. So that was really fun to be like, yeah, it's Six, Six figures. Your coworkers are like cheering you on, right? I mean your team members, right? They're like, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay. That I hope so. Yeah. If not, tell me who they are. I'll deal with it. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. Very cool. So incredible.


Okay, so what happened six years ago? So you graduate college? Yeah, so I think it was towards the end of college I was realizing what I had gotten myself into. I don't think before I went to college I really understood what you know is a loan and that you have to pay that back. Yeah. And so towards the end of college I knew, okay, it's kind of a non-negotiable. I can't live with this debt for the rest of my life. So I knew I was gonna have to take FPU. So I did that as soon as I graduated and I knew I had six. How did you know to do that? My parents informed me Of you and your program? Yeah, they're everyday millionaires and teach FPU. So they were able to kind of learn with me at first and become those everyday millionaires and everything too.


Oh, that's awesome. And then we kind of like did it together in our own. And They're here with you today, right? Yeah. Yeah. So fun. So way to go mom and dad. You gotta be proud. Very good. So that's some of your other cheerleaders other than your teammates. Yes. Yeah. But yeah, so after graduation took FBU started paying it off and I would actually like cry myself to work because I hated my job and I was doing it basically because I knew that I had to have an income and do something. and I was living rent free at home and I would listen. Sorry, I knew I was gonna cry, but No, you're great. You're doing great. Okay. Where where were you living In Houston with, with my parents. Houston. Okay.


All right. Sorry. That's okay. No, you're Good. You're good. It's, it's been a long journey of doing this. Six years is a long time by myself. So you've, you've been fighting this by yourself, warrior Princess, way to go. Yeah. Proud of you. Anyway, so I would listen to The Ramsey Show on my way to work and cry and listen to the Duffy Screams and, and envision myself doing this one day. So it's really cool. and I didn't know I was gonna work here at one point. How did you end up coming to work here? Y'all found me on LinkedIn and asked me to apply and I did and then y'all gave me the job. Great recruiting team. Yeah. Wow. Shout out to Aisha. Yeah, that's right. We Tracked her down and snagged her out of a miserable job Pretty much.


Yeah. And yeah, so then the rest of the four years has been here and it's been a, an amazing journey and yeah. Wow. Oh my gosh. Okay. So you moved to Nashville. Yes. And it's a fun, Now wait a minute. You get the call from us and you're working this plan because of us and your mom and dad are FBU graduates and you've been through FPU and we call up out of the blue and say, do you want to join us? Yeah. It's amazing. I mean that had to be Weird. It was, it was very much a a God thing. Jesus. Yeah, Jesus. Yes. Don't call Jesus weird. Okay. Alright. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Okay, so I wanna know from the moment you, so you moved to Nashville and Nashville's a fun city, right? I mean there's things happening.


Stuff is, you know, people are going out. I mean it's, it's an enjoyable town. So what, what was the pressure like or what was the feeling? The sacrifice? Like the hard of for saying no, you know, to a life. Like what were the things that you said no to that were really difficult Shopping. Yeah girl, I'm like, I like to look cute and I couldn't for a long time. So shopping definitely for six years though I did have to budget like some fun in there 'cause I was just gonna go insane. It's long journey. Insane if I didn't a hundred percent. So I was able to do some very small like weekend trips with friends and keep it in, like control it. Totally. Totally. and I just really the sacrifices were not having any time to myself. I was working up to seven jobs at one point.


Oh my Gosh. What were you Doing? So working full time. I have a photography business on the side and then I was doing anywhere from like three to six to seven additional freelance jobs where I had SEO clients on re monthly retainer. Oh my gosh. And so I was was doing that for several years. Geez. And it was exhausting and miserable. Yeah. and I was just working nonstop all time. I would work here, I have memories of working here, getting off at four, going downstairs and sitting in the cafe and working for an hour on side jobs, going to work out and then going home and working until I went to sleep. Oh gosh. and I would do that for just like five days in a row. Just straight all the way. Yeah. Grinding it out. But you were making some good money on the side Hustle. Yeah, I was making on a low year 15,000 all the way up to like 30,000 a year inside jobs.


Amazing Way to go. Which is what helps put a dent in 200 K. Yes. Right of debt. I mean yeah. That's what had to be done. Yeah, The budget was obviously helpful, but I'm already kind of naturally a frugal person so for me having that much and being a single income, I just had to get more money. Yeah. I was like, I have to do anything to make more money for You. How does it feel to be free? It feels good. I kind of didn't, I haven't really felt what it feels like to be free. Murphy hit me two weeks after I paid off my debt and I got in a car accident, somebody hit me and totaled my car. So I haven't really felt that free 'cause I've been financially dealing with that too. So I'm like, hopefully after today I'll feel really debt free. Wow. Well it's official. You are? Yes. By the way. Yeah.


Congratulations. So proud of you. Thanks. So your mom and dad, your teammates cheered your own. Anybody else was your cheerleader? Yeah, my parents, my brother, my sister-in-Law and then all my friends, Annise and Melissa specifically. And then all of my awesome teammates and coworkers. Yeah. Very cool. Well Todd, congratulations. thank you. Alright. Other than getting a job at RAMSEY and having us track you down, what is the key to getting out of debt for all those FPU graduates out there listening? For me it was making extra income definitely. And just not, there's no other option but to do it and get out of debt and no matter how much you have, you can do it.


I'm, I did it as a single person and I made it happen. So how old are you? 29. That was the other thing I was gonna say. I had paid it off three days before my birthday. That was my goal. That's great. Yes. So I had 30, a little over 30,000 at the beginning of this year and I said, okay, I wanna do this before I turn 29. Happy birthday. Well done. Love it. I love it. I love it. Well, we're proud of you. I know your mom and dad and all your friends are. Way to go. All right, it's Brianna. She paid off 204,000 in six years. Four of those years working on this team. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1. I'm debt free.


Yay. So Good man, she leaned in. She's amazing. That was amazing. That was Strong. So good. This is The Ramsey Show. Well it's decision time again. Every year during open enrollment you have the chance to check in on your insurance and make sure it's right for you and your family. Whether you have health coverage through your job, a private company or a government program like Medicare. You don't have to figure this out alone. We have reliable folks we trust to help you get the right coverage for whatever stage you're in.


Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash health dash coverage. Rachel Cruz Ramsey personality is my cohost today. We tell you around here, if you'll pay a price to win, you get to win. We say live like no one else. So later you can live and give like no one else. And when you're in baby steps one and two and even three where you're finishing the emergency fund and you're paying off all your debt, but your house, you should not go on vacation. You should not go out to eat. You should lean in and knock your debt out as fast as you can. But when you get to baby step four, you go from intents to intentional and that's when you get to buy that new couch or upgrade your car or go on vacation.


That's why we named the crews the Ramsey Cruises That Live, Like, No, One, Else, Cruise. 'cause it's for baby Step four and beyond. It is all most sold out. There's a hand full of cabins left for March 22 through 29 in 2025. This is a premium Caribbean cruise. Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, The Bahamas, Holland, America's one of their newest ships. It is a high stand. I don't listen, I don't go on these cheap cruises. Okay? I want, I like the nice ones. David's boujee with his travel. I don't about so it's gonna be nice, bougie, but I I you're bougie. I'm not staying in the freaking Holiday Inn anymore.


I've worked too hard. So, and the, and I'm not staying in the Holiday Inn on the seas either. So this is a nice ship. It's gonna be a lot of fun. Sharon and I will be on the ship the entire time. All of the Ramsey personalities will be on the ship the entire time. The comedian Trey Kennedy that makes fun of me will be on the ship. That's fun. World class chef from the food channel. Monit Shahan will be on the ship. Dove Award winner Grammy Award winner Stephen Curtis Chapman and Dina Carter both will be on the ship and there's gonna be others. It's gonna be a wonderful fun, laughing, celebrating, entertaining week.


And most of you are not gonna get to go 'cause there's just a handful of cabins left. You need to get your cabin while you can. You can put down a small deposit and lock it in. And we would love to have you do that. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. If you don't get this done, you're gonna have FOMO or whatever that version is for Cruise Mo. So there you go. Don't, don't miss out on this. Open phones at Triple. Eight Eight. two five five two two five. John's in Pittsburgh. Hey John. What's up? Hi Mr. Ramey, thanks so much for, for talking to me. Sure. So in a nutshell, our issue is that our home is more expensive than we probably should have gotten. We are living paycheck to paycheck and quite often the paycheck doesn't even cover for two weeks.


So we are bleeding from our minimal savings and paying for the things with our credit card and only paying the minimum to get that down. How, how much is your house payment on? It's $2,090 a month. And What's your take? Home pay Take home pays about 65 to 70 55. I'm sorry. No, that's not take home that that that, that's total Your take home pay in a month. Sorry, take home pay in a month is $4,200. Oh Yeah. you have to sell the house, John. That's the, that's what we were thinking about doing is You don't have a choice.


The biggest expense. Yeah, you Can't, your, your house spend is 50% of your take home pay, hun. You can't do that. That's why you're dying. Yeah, I mean you had a, you had a feeling of that, but the arithmetic is screaming that you're starving to death. So I guess my, my biggest concern with that is if we're not able to, like, if we don't have enough equity in the home to cover clothing costs, John, you, you can't stay in the house outta Pocket. You can't stay in the house. How, how does that, how does that look like? Where does that, that money come from, I guess? Well, You're right now you're putting it right now you're putting on credit cards. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. So I'd rather have $5,000 on a credit card than a mortgage you can't afford.


So you need what's The, what's the math of the, of the mortgage right now? John, what do you guys owe? We owe 2 87. Okay. How much is it worth? I mean, or what can you sell it for? We actually just got it back down to what, what it was worth when we got it was 2 87 5, but some of the closing costs were rolled into the When did you buy it? Mortgage? It was 2 2 93. It was in November of 22. Okay. Go online at Ramsey Solutions dot com and get one of our Ramsey trusted real estate agents that are high performers that actually know what the flip they're doing. Have them come out and look at this and give you a market analysis and tell you what you can do.


But you, you've got to find a way out of this thing. It's not sustainable. That's what you already knew. You just needed someone else to say it out loud. I think you might be right. It's it's not even close. You're not like on the bubble or anything. You're over in the deep end of the pool. There's no, there's no debate when you guys are. Yeah. Now the only, the only thing that could happen is are do you have anything in the near future, in the next six months with your daytime career, your normal career. That looks like you're gonna have a huge increase in pay. Second job will be the only, No, no, no, no. I wouldn't, what I, I was talking about second job is not sustainable. I don't wanna sign up for something where I do a second job for 15 years.


I'll do a second job for a short period of time to get out of a mess. Clean up a mess. Right. But you don't wanna do that. Your house poor, this house owned you, you don't own it. I'm so sorry. And, and it, it's, it's gonna be a little embarrassing, but you guys, you, you got married and everybody yelled at you and said, young couple, go buy a house. Go buy a house, go buy a house, go buy a house. And then we went and found a house we liked and the idiots at the mortgage company just signed your butt up and they put you in a crack. Didn't they? Feels that way. Yeah. Yeah. Do you guys have kids, John? Well that, that's one of the other things that's costing is we, we kinda have one that we weren't exactly expecting.


Very thankful for sure. But we were not expecting. Yeah. Is She is your wife expecting or do you guys already have is do you have the baby? Oh No, she's, she, she's, she's been around for a little while. Oh, okay, Good. Okay, Good. How long you guys been married? Since 2015. So almost 10 years. Yeah. Okay, so you're like 30 years old, 35. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Okay. Well, lemme tell you a couple things. All right. When I was 28, I went broke and lost everything. and I was in a much more severe situation than you're in. but it taught me some things about situations with stress in this, the number one cause of divorce in North America today is money fights and money problems and money stress.


And you got that. So your wife is afraid and she may not wanna leave this house and you're confused and feel like you did something really dumb and maybe, you know, maybe it hit, maybe you took a hit in your confidence in that that would be normal. Those things. If y'all are having money fights and she's very afraid and you're not as confident as you were before all of this mess, you would be normal. That would be a normal reaction to your situation. Okay? What I want you to do is get away from all that, the destabilization of your marriage, your lack of confidence, her tar, her being terrified.


This house is not worth it. It's just a stupid house. There's a house on every corner in Pittsburgh. I've been there, they're everywhere. And you'll get you another house that doesn't get you, you'll never do this again. You'll never make this mistake. You got the rest of your life to make other mistakes, but you'll never make this one again. Right? Yeah, yeah. That's It's no fun, is it? It's not, Yeah. Is what I was saying. True Everything except for my wife. She's totally on board with getting rid of this place. Okay. Yeah. She's like, I want out. Yeah. Well, it's not fun for her, But it and and and the interesting thing, John, is, you know, we, we have a phrase called financial piece.


It's one of the books that Dave wrote. But, but that is, it is what we want for people is peace. We want peace. And just like you said Dave, like it's a house. It's just, it's a house. And it's not worth the stress and the anxiety and any level of status of home ownership or like whatever the play is for you, it's not worth it. Your peace is worth so much more. These stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And that's true for cars or anything, but it feels magnified. 'cause a house, it is big. I mean it is magnified, you know, it's a three, it's a $300,000, you know, idea. And it's where your, your family lives. There's emotional attachment. I mean all of it. But get rid of it and go rent somewhere and just, just breathe for, for two to three years and just Get and save some money and get a down payment and then buy something else.


Yes. Based on your income at that time. And you don't take out folks more than a house payment, more than a fourth of your take home pay not half your take home pay. And just because the idiots at the mortgage company will give you the loan does not mean it's a good idea. They will ruin you if you let them. And they'll pinch you if you let them. And they'll make your life miserable if you let them. They don't care. They don't have a soul. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep, you heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad. Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.