(0s):
Hey guys, if you're ready to get ahead with money and start building wealth this year, don't miss our free take control of your Money livestream. It's on January 23rd And you could win $4,000 just for signing up. You got nothing to lose, Go sign up right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. Welcome to The Ramsey Show America. This is where we coach you to win in your life. We want you to win with your money, win in your profession, and win with your relationships.

(41s):
The phone number to jump in today is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 alongside George Kamel, who's looking Naty in the, is looking sharp, man. Thank you. The, the apparel today, the corduroy. Oh, we got a big event tonight, Ken, so I had to pull out all the stops. That's Right. Live stream. Our live, live stream tonight. It's in the lobby right now. Rehearsals are happening as we speak there. I hope Everyone listening joins us. Oh, I like that too. If you're listening to the show right now, you have no excuse not to join us. It's free. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream and you'll be entered towards What if they have plans tonight? Well, they can always rewatch it, but if we sign up, we'll send you all the info. We'll get the email to you, the replay, all that good stuff, and you'll be entered to win.

(1m 24s):
That's what I wanna make sure of is that they can get a, to be a part of that. I'm Ken Coleman by the way, and we're here together for you today. George, lead out on those money calls and I wanna help you on the income side of things and we'll work together. So let's get to it. George, you ready to go? I'm pumped. Alright. Portland, Oregon is where we're gonna start. Charles is there. Charles, How can we help? Hey guys, thank you so much for taking my call. You bet. What's going on? Hey, so I'm about 10, 10 months away from graduating college. I, I wanna become a state trooper like immediately after I graduate and this would require that I move, the state would have the final say of where I would have to move.

(2m 5s):
And my girlfriend, who really likes her job, I'm trying to get her on the same page if you guys have any advice, Where is she right now? Like, I get the same page thing, but what's the actual conversation, the latest status as to her emotion, her openness, give us a better picture. Yeah, So we live together. She's super, super supportive of the idea of a, become an estate trooper. But again, she really likes her job. So leaving our town that we live in is, she's not excited about it, but I think she is willing to do it for about two years. Oh, she gave you an ultimatum two years That, that's how long the state would require that I stay in one spot.

(2m 52s):
Ahuh. And then after two years, would you have the flexibility or the freedom to say, all right, we wanna move back to the town you're in now. Yes sir. Yeah. That's how, yeah, you can request a transfer after two years. Well, listen, I've been married almost 27 years based on what I'm hearing. It feels like she is on the same page. She's not thrilled about it, but she's willing. And I think that willingness, she gets to determine willing, you know, and it sounds like she is, unless I'm missing something. Yeah, I think, I think you're totally right. I So then take it. So it's almost like you needed some confidence today 'cause because if I Absolutely, yeah.

(3m 35s):
Well listen it, the more you waver with her willingness, it could affect her willingness. And so in this situation, the fact that you're a young couple, you're engaged to be married, you guys are playing house already, you know, and So you, have you proposed, have you proposed yet? I have not proposed, but it's, it's in the works. I must have, it's in the words. I just assumed that, thank you George, for correcting that. But I, I, I just think the fact that she said, alright, I'm willing to do it for the two years. She's not thrilled about it. This is a sacrifice that couples have to learn to make. And I would tell you, there will be a season or two or three who knows how many seasons that you're gonna have to sacrifice for her as well.

(4m 18s):
So this is a good woman on the surface here that she's willing to do this. 'cause she really likes what she does and to the extent that you can be supportive of her and help her figure out how can I do something that's very similar to the work that I love right now in this new town, that would be great too. But George, I would not waffle on her willingness, I would say. Okay, thank you sweetheart. Let's go two years from now we come back. What do you think I'm in for this plan? I'm just, I'm wondering, does she need you financially? Are you supporting her in any way or are your finances completely separate? Yeah, so right now my, we live together in an apartment and she works full time and I, I'm getting supported by a 5 29 plan 'cause I'm a student.

(5m 7s):
Okay. So you need her more than she needs you. She has money. Yeah. Okay. Absolutely. I'm just wondering, you know, how far away is this new town you'd be moving to? Is it 45 minutes or five hours? It, it totally depends on what the state says. I, I haven't gone through the process yet of, Okay. There's a lot of unknowns. So what I, what I would do is say, Hey, I don't know where I'm gonna end up. What are you thinking when this does happen? Are you gonna live on your own and stay here for a while, for a season? And we try that out And if it becomes too, you know, unbearable, then you can move closer. Or do you wanna wait it out till I'm stationed, you know, planted somewhere and then we figure it out?

(5m 50s):
I don't know that I'd drag her with the ultimatum of, you're either coming with me or it's over, you know, to this new phase. 'cause who knows what's gonna happen. You know, I've, you know, we hear the stories of people who move for a significant other, they're not married to and things don't work out. And now there's extra resentment because she moved for your job that didn't pan out and now it affected her career and her life. But I don't sense that, I don't sense that that's happening. 'cause he, he's calling us. He already has the green light from her to say, sure I'll am I, am I right? It's a, it's a reluctant. I'll go, I think Charles is a little bit scared. Should I do this? Is that right, Charles? Yes, sir. I, I love her very much and I would, I really, I I want her to be very happy.

(6m 30s):
Well, the fact is she's a good woman And you're a good dude. The, the reason that you're thinking through this is 'cause you, you really do have a sense of of, of the compromise that she's making. And I think George is right. I think you guys, as a couple need to figure out what our future is. You need to put a ring on her finger soon And you guys need to start playing this out. What does this look like? What kind of money does she need to make? What's the job market? Look, she's got a head start on this. So the fact that we have a general idea of what she loves helps. What we don't know is your location. And when will you know that? Before I start the academy? So I'll graduate with my bachelor's in about 10 months and then I'll be working on the application process in my last quarter.

(7m 15s):
So she has about, so I'm trying to figure out what her, about a year lead time on this. How much lead time will she have when you can say to her, Hey, we're moving to this town. So, yeah. Oh no, before the academy and the academy's about 16 weeks. Okay. So, you know, not, it's not a six month lead time, but it's enough time to, to do some work and, and figure this out. And I think that you guys gotta start this marriage with this, Hey, we are going to bend together so that we don't break. And she's showing a willingness to bend. And So you want to help her get back into the work that she loves, return that favor. And I think if you do this with a lot of sensitivity, but also with confidence, then, then I think you guys will be okay.

(8m 0s):
Sensitive confidence. That's how I've always thought about you, Ken. I like it. Well, I'm trying to get to the sensitive part. I'm working on it, George. Yeah, well, you know, I don't, you know what I'm, you know, I'm saying there's, there's a, there's an element of, hey, if it's meant to be, it's meant to be, if you live apart for six months, you're gonna survive. And so if it's 40 minutes away, she doesn't need to uproot her whole life and job for this for a season. Well, that's kind of where I'm going. Let's, I agree. But they may be married, so if they're married, she's coming with us. I'd hope so. I think within these 10 months, let's figure out a plan. Let's put a ring on. Yeah, I'm expecting, I I am expecting him to put a ring on our finger and at this point we're moving together and, and start the life off that way. So, but anyway, appreciate the call Charles, I think you're a good young man and appreciate the fact that you wanna serve your state.

(8m 43s):
Yeah. And if I ever get pulled over in the Oregon area, I hope Charles is there. My hope so. I know you were the guy. Don't gimme a ticket Sir. Sir, by any chance, is your name Charles? Yeah. I like that. Alright, quick break here on the Radioing Show. We'll be right back.

(9m 2s):
What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or recession business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite And you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.

(10m 26s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel and Ken Coleman. Excited that you all are joining us today. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's get back to the phones. Timothy is joining us in Erie, Pennsylvania. Timothy, How can we help? Hi Ken. How George, how are you guys? We're having a blast today. What's going on with you? It's great, man. Well, I appreciate everything you guys to do. I've been following you since I was 18. I just turned 19, not too long ago, so I'm freaking out right now. Oh, Whatcha freaking out about? Everybody likes to share a little bit of details of, you know, their input on, on life and everything that's going on.

(11m 7s):
And I'm really, really, really trying to get like, you know, a place to live. I'm, I'm gonna be proposing to my girl soon, so, alright. I'm trying to figure out whether I'm, I'm renting or buying, I'd really like to buy, but I, I'm trying to follow you guys as much as I can and like I I, I don't want to have a credit score or a credit card, but you know, I've called two places and they've given me two different answers I've tried with Churchill and there's just a lot going on. So some advice would be great. Sure, Yeah. You got, I my guess is you get some, you get some cooks in the kitchen that are on the family side and friend side weighing in as well, is my guess. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, absolutely. What is the urgency to buy a house now at 19? Yeah, Yeah, like I said, I'm proposing to my girl soon.

(11m 51s):
So that's, that's the main one. I mean, I have, I have like a year to figure this all out, but I'm just trying to figure Out, is there a law in Pennsylvania that says you can't rent if you're married? No, there's no law. No, no. I just, I just don't know. Like I wanna be putting as much as I can into savings. Right. So I don't know if I should be, how long I should be renting for if I should. Like I, I know I, I'm okay to do that, but Let me free you, there's no timeline for this. The right time to buy a house is when you're financially ready. If that's at 19, you're crushing it. If that's at 25, you're crushing it. And so I just wanna free you from this idea that this has to happen now and I've gotta propose in the next two months, then I have to buy a house five months later.

(12m 33s):
I can feel that on you of just the aggression towards your goals and I wanna redirect that towards a healthier approach. Yeah. And, and Timothy, just full disclosure, my wife and I spent three years in an apartment, one in one city, two in another city before we bought. And, and it was because of what George said we were renting until we were able to buy a home. So tell us about your financial situation. Okay. Sounds like you're debt free. Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm debt free. I'm working for an amazing company that they, they'll pay for me to go to school if I want to. I'm, I'm gonna pursue a career in like home adjusting and they'll pay for me to do that too, so. Great. What's Your income? My income right now is about like 35,000.

(13m 17s):
I work two jobs. I work at a restaurant. Okay. And how much do you have in savings and then Savings? Right now I have about 15 grand in my regular savings fund. And then I have four grand in retirement and a couple thousand in my emergency fund. Okay. What's the 15 for? Is that for ring or other stuff? No, I, no, that's for, that's just for the, the house. I actually have a fund for ring, so. Okay. I'm okay. But you don't have a fully funded emergency fund. We got this twisted. We gotta get the emergency fund first, then we can start saving for the house. Okay. So how much would a three to six months? Yeah. What's three to six months of expenses for you Right now?

(13m 57s):
I, I know it's lower but I mean right now it's about like a thousand and some change a month. So. Okay. Well let's, let's pretend like we're in the real world. You got rent to pay, you got bills as you move into this next phase, let's call it 15 grand as your emergency fund And you have four grand for your down payment. Is that more fair? Sure, we could do that. And we also need to buy a ring for this lovely lady, right? Right. How much? But he says he's got a ring fund. How much is in that? Yeah, yeah, I've been saving up for that one for a while. I have about like 3000 ready for that. Perfect. And that's all ready to go? You're crushing it. Okay. So here, if I was in your shoes and I've been in your shoes, here's what I would do.

(14m 39s):
I would pause and I would rent, maybe it's for a year, maybe you renew for two years And you stack up a nice big down payment as you get to be married and experience all of that joy and chaos 'cause it's gonna be a wild ride. So to add on home ownership on top of that, that's a lot at your age, but I love where you're going with it. And I also know you don't have a credit score because you're debt free and you're saying, are you worried about not being able to buy a house because of that? Yeah, I'm terrified. Like they, there's, you know, I mean I keep hearing stuff like people keep telling me like higher interest rates for, you know, even though like I, I can do manual underwriting but then they'll, they'll be like, yeah I expect higher interest rates, but I don't Know.

(15m 20s):
Okay, can I ask you this? You know, have any of them actually done it? No. Okay. Can I tell you this? I have actually done it. So would you trust my experience over theirs, Georgia? I trust you any day. That means the world. Yeah. So lemme tell you this, there are a few hoops to jump through. One being verification of income. You have that for 12 to 24 months. Yeah. Coming up on it. Yep. Great. You'll need rental payment history on time, rental payments for at least 12 months. You'll have that once you've rented. Right? Okay. You have a 12 month history of your bank statements and saving statements. Your debt to income ratio is amazing 'cause you don't have any, and then you have something else you're paying for like a cell phone bill or an insurance bill regularly.

(16m 4s):
Yeah. Insurance. Great. That's all it takes to do manual underwriting. So anyone else who's saying otherwise has not done it. And if you call Churchill, okay, they, I'm sure they told you that. They said, hey, you, you do need on time rental payments. Was that the one that threw you off because you didn't have that? Yeah. Yeah. And, and they suggested what I could do is I could, you know, pay a little bit of money. I had to track record to my my mom and dad and like pay them Exactly. They could put that in a savings account for Me. You could pay your parents 400 bucks a month for 12 months and that could count. Yeah. And so just rest assured do that. It's not as scary as you think. The rains aren't gonna be astronomically higher. I've done it myself. I had a great rate when I did this back in 2019. It was a very easy process.

(16m 45s):
Churchill makes it super easy. They'll walk you through everything you need to know. But I would not let that be the stress point. You got enough on your plate right now. I would continue saving. I'd get, I'd propose, get married, pay cash for the wedding, rent for a year or two and then you guys will have a fat stack of money and you'll be able to do it from a place of strength. And And the key there, Timothy, is what George just laid out for you. The time it's going to take to save up the down payment, the right kind of down payment, you're gonna have all of those qualifications taken care of. So deep breath, exhale. Okay. And, and, and don't listen to all the voices that wanna throw an opinion at you. George just gave you the absolute truth.

(17m 27s):
There is no other opinion you need to be considering, Period. Okay. You got it. Yeah, I i would you recommend what they were saying with like, you know, living at home for a little bit and then giving them money? Or would you say like, get on my own? I would, I mean, you're ma you have a salary. I'd say it's, it's healthy and independent for you to get on your own. If you want to stay home until you have the next step of proposal or engagement, that's totally fine. But I would start making payments to your parents. Yeah. Just so that you're not caught off guard, you know, come six months from now. But I do think it's gonna take more time to get a down payment. You know, 15 grand's not gonna cut it in today's housing market. And so we've got tons of resources for you, Timothy.

(18m 8s):
Log on to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. We have an entire home hub for you there. And I'll even Give you RAMSEY plus, which will include my video course on how to buy a home the right way and watch that you can watch it with your soon to be fiance and go, Hey, this is a, this is going to be on our radar in the next few years. I'd love to watch this and get prepared and see what you think of it. And Timothy, the only thing I'd add is I don't want you to take some of this nervous energy and let's put it into making more money. You're working two jobs and pulling down 35,000. I wanna see that change. You need to be, you need to be getting more money for your time. And, and so put all that energy into increasing your income right now. You have everything else under control.

(18m 48s):
And that focus on making more money will help with your nerves. George gave you a lot of clarity and the clarity that George gave you should Give you confidence now, right? So we want confident Timothy going out there. He is got a plan and let's go make more money because more money allows us to advance the plan quicker. That'll increase your savings rate. That's right. Hope you get that down payment faster. That's right. So that's a great, a great call. Timothy, thank you for that question. Yeah, you're, you're far beyond most Americans at 19. So I want to encourage him there. And to that the interest rate question, my interest rate, I actually ran the numbers with the folks at Churchill and they told me if you do our plan 15 year fixed rate loan with at least 10% down, you will get the same rate as someone with excellent credit.

(19m 33s):
So we disproved it with facts. But you know, people don't care about facts in the face of their feelings a lot of the times. Well It's just people don't know what they're talking about. And so that's why they come here and George just dispels the fake news folks, Buck the system. I'm all about it. There it is. That's why he wrote the bestselling book, breaking Free from Broke. Go get it. Listen to the man he's wearing corduroy. That's Credible. That's all you need to know. It's All the credibility you need. Alright, quick break. More of The Ramsey Show coming right up.

(20m 5s):
Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's A gut punch For decades, Dave. I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying I love you to your family Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xandr Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.

(21m 13s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. What are your money questions? You need to know what to do with it. You need to make more of it. Well, you got the duo today. We want to help you make more money and keep it. Let's go to New York City where Rob joins us. Rob, How can we help today? Hey guys, appreciate you taking my call. Sure. I guess I've got kind of like a decent problem to have, but it's kind of a problem nonetheless. Okay. I think I've kind of been, I'm 25, I've saved about like 200 grand.

(21m 54s):
I don't know what for, and I, I'm making about like one 20 a year, but I kind of like, I kind of like live like a rat 'cause I don't eat too much. Like I, every time I move I get a place with a cheaper rent and then I've gotten promoted every year I've been there and I make more money. But for me it's kinda like I've been very removed from the present. I feel like I, I don't know why I am saving the money. I don't, I'm kind of from out in the sticks. I don't really like New York City. Like I like fishing and eating wild plants and stuff. Like I kind of don't have much reason to be in New York, but it's like a really good job. Yeah. But I'm not, I'm not present and I, I don't Oh Rob, I I feel you.

(22m 38s):
I'm so glad you called today. I, I feel like I walked into the studio today in large part to get to talk to you, man. Oh lord. This is, first of all, kudos. The first half of your description of you George is like, you're the poster child for George, but then you start talking about eating wild plants and fishing and then you lost him. But the fact that you've saved $200,000 at 25 George. Yeah. You, You haven't, that's a lifestyle creep crush you. I love that. You've stayed a very sane person. That's right. And you're self aware enough at 25 to go, this ain't it. Most people rob, it takes 20, 30 years of a career to finally admit that. So I'm proud of you.

(23m 18s):
So, so Rob, you're a young guy And you may never have heard this phrase before, but I'm gonna introduce it to you 'cause I think it's a great metaphor for where you are. There's an old phrase called the golden handcuffs and it's referring to somebody who had been in a, at a company for a long time. They make good money, they got great benefits, strong retirement, and they don't wanna be there, but they feel the golden handcuffs 'cause it's good money. And there's an emotional handcuff there that says, if I were to leave this, it would be foolish. Those who don't have what I have would think that I am crazy. And I think you're experiencing that rarely enough at the age of 25.

(23m 58s):
Does that feel right to you? Yeah, exactly. And like you guys also mentioned the term lifestyle creep, but for me it's kind of like maybe I've, maybe maybe that should happen. I can be like a little bit more present. You know, I think you should probably enjoy life a little bit more. And, but the good news is George is on today and George can speak to that. 'cause I'm, I I, I am in a fun way. I play with you a little bit on this because George does very well, but he really is the most frugal person. And he will say things sometimes in conversation. We sit right next to each other and he will say things sometimes where I, I literally look at you and I go, bro, like you've earned it live a little bit. So I want you to speak to that mindset in a minute.

(24m 39s):
Yes. But, but I wanna first focus on this biggest issue. Rob. You don't need George and i's permission today. But I think you need to hear us say it is okay for you to leave New York in a really good paying job to go do something somewhere else that is more in line with the way you wanna live. And you can still make that 120 K and more. And I think just acknowledging that I hope will set you free today. That doesn't mean you leave today and it doesn't mean you walk in and resign and just go, we, but if there's anybody who could, you could, 'cause you got $200,000 in the bank, that's financial peace right there.

(25m 19s):
And so my question is, is what's the work that you're doing? What, what field are you in? So I work in like financial services. I work a and risk management at one of like the brokers Great in the city. Very, Very prestigious is my guess. Yeah. And that's like another thing. It's like, you know, that probably attracted me to it. And I do like my job. Like I actually great as far as jobs go. Like I enjoy it, but I also kind of burn myself out again. I kind of like pathologize the, the kind of like live the work thing. Well you know why, And you know all that, you Know why you're trying to prove something to somebody, Probably to myself.

(26m 0s):
There you go. To be honest, hey by the way, you know, the voice in our head is the most damaging, the hardest person to please. Yeah. So here's what I would say in short order, you enjoy doing work in the finance field. So there are lots of ways you can do that somewhere else where you're close to fishing, where you're in an environment that you enjoy and the hobbies and the things that you need to be healthy. Distractions from this, this voice that you're dealing with that says, I've gotta prove, I've gotta prove, I've gotta prove. And boy, you're talking to a guy who is currently in recovery from that kind of stuff. Okay?

(26m 41s):
I'm as serious as I can be. I get it. I've been living my life with a chip on my shoulder 'cause of something that happened to me when I was 14. Mm. I I relate to that. I've, listen, I'm in the middle of recovery. I'm being as vulnerable as I can be. I'm uncomfortable right now James, how vulnerable I'm being. But Rob, like, so what has helped me is to go, wait a second. There's this voice in my head that is constantly asking, am I good enough? So I don't know what your voice is, but I think at this stage of your life at 25, the fact that you resonated with something that I said, and it's in your story and I'm not gonna unpack that on the air. I think you know what it is.

(27m 22s):
But can I tell you I would go get some therapy and dig on that now at 25. And I think that will be the bridge that you build mentally and emotionally that will lead you outta New York, lead you to where you need to be and doing similar work that you're doing. And I think you'll be more fulfilled than you can ever imagine. George, I want you to weigh in on that. Yeah. 'cause you also have a unique point of view and I think you resonate with this as well As you guys are talking, Rob, I think you, you've got a somewhat of a flat tire. Your financial life and your career life, you're crushing it. I would assume, prove me wrong, that relationships might be struggling, social life might be struggling, spiritual life might be struggling.

(28m 3s):
And I think leaning more into those areas right now can help you realize, oh, I actually like New York. I like this job. I just needed a better community. I need to get plugged into a local church. I don't know what that is for you, but I, I realized that at 25 you kind of have this quarter life crisis of like, what did I, I just followed this path that was laid before me and here I am. And they told me it would be amazing and it's not. That's great insight. Yeah. You know, that's a great insight, Rob. Maybe it's not New York, maybe it's just you and functioning in New York, but I just for a fun exercise, if you could snap your fingers right now and you're doing similar work and you're making similar money with a nice path to making more money, is there any place in the US that you would just go, okay, if I could transplant from where I am to here, Ken, I think that would be a fun adventure to see if that was awesome.

(28m 51s):
What comes to mind? So my favorite states I like in Vermont and Maine, I, the thing is like, I think I could go like an hour up the train line from New York and be like, I've been up to like Terrytown and like Sleepy Hollow up there and it's awesome. Like it's trees and rivers, all that junk. Not junk, but all that stuff. And my, my, my concern is like, do I overdo it or underdo it? So I feel like I've been not present for like five years after college or four years or whatever. And now I'm kind of like, do I like yo-yo and like live in a van for a year and like start a YouTube channel and go fishing?

(29m 33s):
No, No. Here's the deal. So, so Rob, the answer's never to yo-yo. And when any of us yoyo we're not healthy And never YouTube in the rv, please. Yeah, just keep it to yourself. I, you know what I think you ought to do, and I'm gonna be super, super practical here. George, please tell me what you think. I think you need to spend a weekend. You got all kinds of money. I'd like to see you rent a cabin up there in Sleepy Hollow and see if you can find a Kabad crane while you're up there. You know, the headless horseman, the whole nine yards. Go Full hatchet. Full castaway for a Long weekend. Yeah. Go fish, go hunt and practice this idea of being present. I think you've self-diagnose pretty well, George. That's what I'm, I think he knows he's not present and I think he needs to feel something, you know, to, and That's when you see is scratching the itch enough or is this a full-time move?

(30m 21s):
I need to get outta the city completely Forever. That's right. And we can't decide that for you, Rob. That's right. But I hope we've given you enough next tactical steps to get There. Yeah, yeah. Rob, listen to your heart. It, I'm just telling. Listen to your heart. Listen to your heart and then engage the brain. The logic, it can move on its own, but the heart and the head must be connected on big moves like this. But I think you're a sharp young man and I think you're gonna do great things. This is The Ramsey Show.

(30m 52s):
Okay, here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy plan. Request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foresite Fund services LLC.

(31m 57s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. The phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's go to Jessica, who is joining us in Knoxville, Tennessee. Just on the other side of the state. Jessica, How can we help? How do I insulate and separate myself from my husband who has a massive spending addiction? Oh no. What? Can you describe that briefly to us? Yeah, it's super easy. He spends and spends and spends, he has had to empty his 401k three times to pay off debt that he has accrued.

(32m 41s):
Oh my. He takes out consolidation loan without my consent. He bought a car without my consent. The payment for that is almost a thousand dollars a month. Oh my goodness. And it just like, it just goes and goes and goes. How long has this been happening? Oh, gr years. And, and this entire time you have always said, stop doing this. I'm not in favor of this. Yep. This scares me. Yeah. Yep. He has no, like, no concept of it. Have You guys been to therapy? Yep. And and He won't. He won't go.

(33m 21s):
Well then you haven't been So I've been, do you go on your own? So I've been going and then I started doing the snowball method. So I have been spending the last five years like doing anything that's associated with me. And I have like simultaneously been paying off and saving and I've paid off so far, $31,751 and 84 cents. I have $19,391 and 17 cents in cash saved.

(34m 8s):
Do you have separate? Yes. $9,608 and 14 cents an investment saved. And I have $6,005 and 43 cents left in debt. Like on credit cards. Pay off your debt today with the money you have. Okay. And do you have any debt that's in your name beyond that or is the rest in his name only? The rest is only in his name. Okay. So that's gonna be His problem. My here is always the stuff that he's buying like cars and all this stuff because they were obtained during marriage. Am I going to get stuck with these?

(34m 50s):
Your name's not on there, so you're not gonna be liable for that loan. Okay. So here's the deal. You've already separated finances. This is heading, this is heading clearly towards divorce because I, I can't, Does he, does he know this So unsustainable? I've already explained this to him. Is He in la la land? Like does he shut down when you bring any of this up? Yes. Okay. He thinks that because he is the breadwinner and he makes all the money and because I'm on disability, that he should be able to spend whatever he wants whenever he wants. And I So he doesn't understand that his decisions affect you financially, emotionally.

(35m 31s):
Yep. Maritally. Okay. Yeah, he's made that very clear on where he stands. Yes. And he's Gonna change not, he's not participating in therapy. Correct. So I think we've got some real clear gates that you have walked through here and I think certainly separation is of order here to see if there's a wake up Call. Right. And that's why, I mean I've gone through therapy like I've been doing therapy. So like that's not, this is not like I need to go to therapy, I need to like That. Oh no, I'm sorry. You're, you're right. I think, yeah, but I was, when I asked that question, I was talking about you two as a couple to see if we've actually fought for this. Yeah. And you can't do it for him. Won't go, I know you can't do it for him. Right. And it's to the, you know, that whole, you can lead a horse to water, can't Make him drink.

(36m 15s):
So we're past that. I know part. So I just been trying to figure out like how do I separate and insulate myself from that and then with what I have saved and what I have like investment wise, like in theory, I know that a judge or whatever would maybe do some type of spousal support, but I know that's not guaranteed and it's not for forever. But I have an income of $1,054 a month from disability And that's my question I Can Live with. Are you, does your disability prohibit you from being able to make a steady income?

(37m 1s):
I think I can make like $600 a month or something. Why? Because you'll lose the disability payment. Disability, How much is the disability Payment? But hold on a second. But you missed my question Jessica. I'm saying is there an end to this physical challenge that you will be able to get through through medical care or is this a, I'm trying to understand what you can actually do. Oh no, forget the benefit payment. Oh No. It's permanent disability. So you are unable to work from home, do a remote job and make Correct and work 40 hours a week. Correct. Okay. That's what I wanted to understand. So you've got a Yeah, this is George. This is a fixed and a very low fixed income. Yeah, Yeah.

(37m 41s):
I like, I've had five separate spine surgeries, like just that part of me. I'm so sorry. Like I'm a, I'm a mess. So sorry Jessica and I've accepted that. So I wish I could, you know, have my rose colored glasses on and tell you the three steps to solving all of this. I can't change people. I don't have the magic wand. And so if you've made it very clear of hey, this is what it's gonna take for this marriage to work and he's unable to fulfill that, I would be talking to an attorney and figuring out how do I at least protect myself? How do I begin a a phase of separation so that you don't get dragged down with him. And I would say Jessica George told you, I hope you caught it.

(38m 21s):
Pay off the debt today, your debt. Go ahead and do that. I know that cash is very attractive sitting in that savings account. But one of the best things you can do to protect yourself on a very low fixed income is to have no debt. So I'm glad she has that right George. I mean that's what we want we Want is saving grace. Quickly get that out now before your brain talks you out of It. Reduces your expenses so that you're gonna be able to hopefully survive off of your fixed income. Even if there isn't spousal support. That's where I would go sit down and make a budget for yourself based on here's what my expenses would be if I was doing this on my own. Yeah man That's so sorry. That's a Tough, tough call.

(38m 56s):
Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi, Why Refi, refinances defaulted private student loans. Defaulted means when the borrower can't make the required payments. So if that's you and your private student loan contact, Why Refi? They can offer a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY today. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.

(39m 22s):
Alright, today's question comes from Camilla in Hawaii. My husband and I are on baby steps four and six. We have no kids, he's in the military and I'm a lawyer. Our gross annual income is $250,000 and we have no debts except our mortgage of three 50. We have a fully funded emergency fund and we invest 15% of our income and we still have 3000 left over at the end of every month. Is it a mistake to put all the extra money towards paying off the house early? I'm wondering if we should be investing a portion of it and taking a more balanced approach. Now that's a fun question of the day. Isn't it Really fun? So here's the deal. Do you have to throw it every single penny at the house? No baby steps four and six. You're moving from intensity to intentionality.

(40m 4s):
I'm a nerd. I might be throwing in all of it towards the house. Oh, It's a no question if that's you, every dime is going But you also might want to go, we haven't taken a vacation in five years. We should probably save up for that. Mm. So what I would do is set up sinking funds for things that you actually enjoy, like a vacation or hey, it's really time to upgrade that car. We're in four and six, we make 250 grand. We don't have any debt with the mortgage. Let's enjoy life and upgrade a little bit with a reasonable approach. And that's where the sinking funds in the budget. And planning for that fund money helped me let loose of the reins of I gotta pay all, every penny should be going towards this. You don't need to live like you're, you're on fire. 'cause nothing's on fire here. Yeah. But I would set a goal and say, hey, if we put a grand extra on the mortgage, we'll be done with this five years early.

(40m 46s):
Let's make that a goal. The extra two grand. Let's put towards these other things for now. And you can always change it as you enter different seasons of life. A quick follow up question for new folks that are joining us all the time. We have so many people joining us all the time that are new to the show. George, when you say sinking funds, are those separate savings accounts or is it all just clearly earmarked in one savings account? I like to set 'em up separately. So there's a car savings account. Gotcha. And we're gonna put 500 bucks a month into that account that helps delineate it So you don't go Well there's a big pile of money for Lord knows What. That's where it gets. And you don't have to have an Excel spreadsheet for that when you've got the separate account. So Nope. And You can set it up in your EveryDollar budget. Oh, I love throwing George the questions like that. Trying get nervous. Sometimes I get in the mind of the people. What are the people wonder? I Know one, one of these days you're gonna catch me, Coleman.

(41m 28s):
I don't think so. I think you're too smart. Alright, fun hour. This is The Ramsey Show.

(41m 36s):
Self-defense can be a complicated issue, but there's one solution that makes it a lot easier. A burna launcher burners look like firearms, but they're not. They're non-lethal self-defense tools. They shoot chemical irritant projectiles that stop a threat in its tracks without the fatal consequences of a gun burn. Launchers have been vetted by government agencies, police forces, and private security agencies worldwide. And no permits or background checks are required to buy or own. One plus burners are lightweight, easy to carry and Give you the power to protect yourself and your family even if you're not comfortable with traditional firearms. Not to mention they have more than 15,005 star reviews. And right now RAMSEY fans can get 10% off an exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to burna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave,

(42m 55s):
Welcome to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is alongside and we are here to help you win with your money, winning your profession, and win in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Chris is gonna start us off in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Chris, How can we help? Hi, thanks for having me on the show. So recently my in-laws have moved back in with us for a second time. They've made plenty of poor financial decisions and you know, again, wound themselves back up living with us again as of the beginning of this month. And we're kind of trying to figure out what we can do to, you know, we tried helping them and they don't really want our help.

(43m 40s):
What was the attempt? Describe the attempt to help. Yeah, so well without providing any financial, you know, help to them, we have offered to sit down and help them with the budget. My wife and I have taken the financial peace courses. We're trying to, they did actually say they're gonna attend it with me as we are going to re attend it again. So they're interested in it. We'll see if it happens. I'm in school for finances so I'm, I feel like I'm pretty, pretty decent at making a budget. So I'm trying to help them with that. And they shut us down immediately and get pretty upset with us. Why did they shut down?

(44m 20s):
I think it's just they, you know, they struggled with it for so long and they don't feel like they need the help and they can figure it out on their own. Well then have them move out. Why are you enabling them? You're right. If they can do it on their own, say hey, it's we've, we've been happy to help. Sounds like you guys have it figured out. Best of luck out there. Yeah, sometimes that's the best thing you can do for someone, even though it feels harsh in the moment. I Agree. And Chris, I have a question. Did they ask to stay with you or did your wife offer They, they kind of assumed at first and then my wife finally did offer, but under temporary circumstances of, you know, hey we can, we can help you for like a month, get you situated, get you going.

(45m 6s):
So we're still, we're coming up at the end of that month. Doesn't seem like they're gonna get out. They recently refinanced a payday loan, refinanced their car. Are they both working? My father-in-law works and his take home comes out to about 60,000 a year. And so is the mother-in-law able to work? Does she have a past work History? She she's able to work. She is able to work, yes. But she, she's just not, She's just puts it around the house. So it sounds like there really were no conditions of them living here other than hey, let's let's aim for a month. Yeah, I would have a lot of strings attached to this. When This happened last time, how long did they stay and was there a same kind of a deal?

(45m 46s):
This is a certain amount of time? Or did, was that not the case? Right. So when they moved last time, they kind of followed us when we relocated across, across the state because they wanted to be closer to grandkids. They had a house, they couldn't make payments on it and move at the same time. So they decided just to let it foreclose and moved in for a couple months so they could find a new place here after their foreclosure of their house. If you said to your wife today, Hey babe, I think I need to be the man of the house. I know they're your parents, but this is, I'm the man of the house here. And to a lot of people that may sound archaic, but I am gonna stick with it, George.

(46m 27s):
And you said to her, I'd like to have a respectful conversation but say, Hey, the month is coming up, we agreed to a month and we think that you guys need to move out. It's best for everybody and we, we can't, we've tried to help. You've, you've met it with resistance and I'm enabling you some form of that speech. In Chris's words, if you suggested that to her, how would she react? She would obviously, I, I think she would be upset in the fact that if it's her parents, she doesn't wanna just throw them out. But she, she has come to understand, you know, we, that we're enabling them by doing this and not, you know, if they're not willing to accept our help, even if they were to, even if they were to stay longer, but allow us to help them with a budget so they can get going in the right direction, it wouldn't be as bad.

(47m 11s):
But the fact that they won't even allow us to help, I definitely think she would understand that. Alright. But my point in asking that was, if she's not comfortable with you doing it, is she comfortable doing it? And we brought that up and she's, she's getting a lot more comfortable with it, Then let her and I have, that's what I would do. I'd let her lead. But I would keep saying, babe, I'm here to support. You gotta have this conversation. If you're not comfortable, I'll be the bad guy. But you've gotta kind of, you really gotta keep that thing going. You cannot, 'cause it's gonna end up affecting your relationship. It probably already has. And so she needs to be leading this. It's her parents. And so for the son-in-law to get involved, it's just too sticky.

(47m 52s):
And, but Unless she's not willing, that's why I threw that out there. It sounds like she, she knows they're not gonna care what she has to say. And so that can be a conversation you guys have together, the four of you and say, Hey, we love you guys. We want to help you get back on track. Here's what it's gonna take, here's the conditions. We want you to be financially independent. You're gonna start paying rent. We're gonna show you how to budget. You're gonna take FPU and we're gonna, we're gonna help you get outta this thing. But it's not gonna be by bailing you out financially, it's by showing you the steps. You've gotta be willing to do the work. Otherwise this situation can't work. I think it's, it's already, sorry, George. Cruelty to interrupt. I, I apologize. I I think that Thanksgiving, I wanna point this out and tell me if you disagree.

(48m 33s):
'cause I want Chris to hear this. I think his wife needs to hear this. I don't see a scenario where this doesn't really ruffle their feathers. It sounds like the parents are like, look, leave us alone. We'll figure it out on our own. Obviously they don't know how to, and they're not interested in leaving anytime soon. And there is a sense of entitlement. This is now not an entitled spoiled teenager. These are entitled adults That's scarier, Who aren't mature in their finances and they are leveraging their parental position over their daughter. And I don't see how this goes. Well, might well, it's unfair. Manipulative, It's mature. So I, my point is, is that I think this is a rip the bandaid off respectfully.

(49m 17s):
I don't mean like, you know, slash and burn, but I don't see how this goes well at all other than it, it frees up Chris and his wife and creates a boundary that needs to be in place. Do you agree with that? Absolutely. I I don't think they should be living with him. I understand you guys tried it, you tried to help him once. I think at this point he makes good money, he can figure it out rent. He's gonna have to figure out these payday loans. And you can always be there to support with resources and say, Hey, show up to this course with me. Show up to this course. But intermingling them with your personal life and your own house, I think that's not gonna work anymore. Yeah. And you know what's interesting too, George, that I heard, I appreciate that Chris and his wife wanted to help him do a budget.

(50m 2s):
But you know what, showing somebody how to do a budget is not enough. If they don't want to do it, no amount of instruction or not gonna, and That's, they're not experiencing enough pain right now because they're living rent free. But when you need a roof over Your head, Oof, mama's going to work. She has no option. Oh Yeah, what does she Do? And so I don't think this is gonna lead to them actually living on the streets. It's just gonna lead to them saying, all right, we gotta figure this out. And asking your kids to bail you out is just a gross injustice to me. You know, I was just sitting here thinking as I have, I have a 19-year-old, two 16 year olds. I don't want my kids coming back to live with me. I love my kids.

(50m 43s):
I'm, I'm broken hearted with my oldest to at college for the first time, right? But at the same time, it's natural, it's normal. And I don't want him to come back and live with me. The only thing worse than your kids coming back to live with you are your parents. Hey, can you imagine if you and Stacy, Unless it's a health situation And you're their caregiver, yeah, there's let asked And generationally and different cultures that are gonna come at us, Ken is to go. You don't understand. I get it. But this is a very different situation. That's what I'm talking about, enabling misbehavior V versus living generationally with grandma. Thank You for clarifying that. You bailed me out from all the hate. What I'm saying is I've, if your parents come back to live with you, because they can't support themselves financially because of their irresponsibility. That's what I'm saying.

(51m 23s):
Oh wow. Not easy stuff, tough stuff, Chris. But you and your wife, you got the right instincts. Follow 'em. This is The Ramsey Show.

(51m 34s):
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey everyone, listen. We all have stories. The family and cultural stories that we were born into, the stories of the things that have happened to us, both the good stuff and the challenging stuff. And we have those stories that we constantly tell ourselves. And none of us can go back and change any of our old stories. But the world is waiting to see what each of us is gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new stories that you're gonna write. And I'm not talking about making goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life and the lives of those you love for the better forever. If you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories and heal from them and begin writing new ones. If you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy And you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist And you can switch at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.

(52m 52s):
Hey Dave RAMSEY here. Dr. John Delony and I are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships Tour. You. The audience will vote to choose the topics we talk about things that impact your life, like investing in your future, money, stress, and marriage and more. We're coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth, and Phoenix in April and May, 2025 Tickets are at their lowest price right now. Grab yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.

(53m 25s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. So excited that you're with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Let's go to Des Moines, Iowa. Monica is there. Monica, How can we help today? Hello. Thank you for taking my call today. You bet. I am just extremely worried and hope that you can help me break down what I currently have in retirement to maybe give me some peace of mind that at the age of 67 I may be able to retire frugally. How old are you now? I'm 56. I'll be 57 in April. Okay.

(54m 5s):
Give us the numbers. George has got his handy calculator up. I'm ready to Crunch. Great, great. Well I'm gonna tell you the salary that I make currently is $47,840. I currently have an IRA that has $47,702 in it and I contribute 200 per month to that ira. I have a CD that I locked up for 13 months at 5% interest. It currently has 36,000, $22 in it. I have a Roth IRA in a job I started a year ago. It has $2,581 in that I am contributing 8% and set it up for a 2% per year increase until I reach 15%.

(54m 55s):
And then in my savings, I currently have $12,237. I put 20% of each check into that savings account. I do not have any debt. I'm debt free, but I do not own a home. I went through a divorce in 2018, took years to pay off my debt to get to where I am now debt free. What Would be three to six months expenses for you? Very minimal because I live with my significant other, he doesn't have a house payment so I just pay utilities. We split utilities, we split groceries so you know, maybe, maybe 1200 a month.

(55m 36s):
Okay, So you have more than three to six months in that savings account with the 12,000. That's what I was trying to get to. Oh Yes. Okay. Yes. So you're doing 17 things at once Monica, and none of them are inherently bad. So let me encourage you that you're in a good spot at 57 being debt free. You've got a little nest egg going, you've got some savings going, but we're doing like seven things. Like you got the CD over here, we got some savings here, we're doing a little investing here. What's the deal with, with increasing it from the 8%? Why not just go, I'm gonna invest 15% with the RAMSEY plan. I'm gonna do the Roth accounts and see where I go there. I'm, I am so open to that. That's why I wanted to talk to you today. Okay. I am completely, I live very frugally.

(56m 17s):
The only thing that I spend a decent amount of money on is good organic produce and grass fed meat. Look at you. I wanna say at Means you need more in retirement 'cause you're gonna live to be 120 at this rate by eating so healthy. That's Monica. Quick question George, before you get to your, your crunching of numbers, do we expect to marry this significant other? I would love that. But the significant other is 60 years old and never been married, never had children. I'm working on that. We're both Christians and I'm not feeling comfortable with the situation that we're currently in. I was gonna say I'm living and we're not married. Not sure What church is good with that situation, Monica.

(56m 58s):
Correct. No judgment here. I mean sir. So So I working on that. I love that you're working on it. She's working on it. Alright. She's working on a lot of things Ken. A lot of irons in the fire here. But See that changes the equation a little bit George. Yeah. I wanted you to have that information. That's good to know. 'cause you don't have a mortgage And you may not ever What's His, what's his income? He is a hundred thousand a year, but he retires next July. What kind of nest egg does he have? I think he said he'll be able to with what he has in his pension and retirement, he'll retire with like 50 or 60,000 a year.

(57m 40s):
So it's not a ton. Yeah. Okay. Alright George, take it away. My Concern is making Care. I'm, you guys have separate finances. Correct. Okay. So I'm gonna pretend like this is Monica's situation through retirement is that she's doing this on her own, okay. Yes. Yes. Correct. So I crunched your current numbers. Here's what I found out. You got 50 grand in retirement accounts. Let's say from 57 to 67. You invest 15%, you never get a raise. It's about 600 bucks a month, right? Of your $48,000 salary. Yes. And assuming a 10% rate of return, you'd have 258,000. Now that's great. That's not enough for me to retire on. I don't know about you. No, I'd want a bigger nest egg. Yes.

(58m 20s):
So what does that tell us? We need to A, get our income up and savings right up and B, we might need to work longer than expected. Okay. If our body allows us. So you might need to do both of those things and I would recommend it because if we can get your income up, get your investing rate up, have you work a little bit longer, now we can go, okay, we might retire with half a million. The other piece of this equation is you're gonna have to pay rent the rest of your life if we don't get into a house with a fixed expense. And so that's the part that worries me here. I hope you guys are together a long time. I hope you get married 'cause that changes this equation completely correct. But, but this idea of you sort of just not having anything, not building towards something at your age gives me some pause.

(59m 6s):
Yes. Have you had this conversation with him that just how you feel about your own finances? Yes. How does he react? And I'm gonna tell you, to be honest with you, I I have so much anxiety over this that it's been a year that I can barely sleep because this, it takes the enjoyment out of my life. Oh. Because of this constant fear and worry. Now I know we, none of us know about tomorrow, but you still have to have a plan. Yeah. Well, and George is addressing that plan. So when George hits you with that, what is your reaction that you can do tangibly when it comes to income saving more What, what, what immediately comes to mind? 'cause you gotta stop worrying and start getting busy. Yeah. Part of this challenge is you didn't have a clear vision of what you need to do.

(59m 46s):
George just gave it to you. But now the second thing is, is we start getting busy and, and the busier I am attacking something that is a potential problem, the less I'm worrying about it. Do you, do you resonate with that? Yes I do. Okay. So what can you do tactically coming outta what George just told you? Well, first and foremost, immediately I can increase my, my Roth to 15%. Good. Maybe get a second job Good until or look for another job with a higher salary. Yeah. Can you make 60, 70,000 in your field doing something similar with your experience? I have a pretty decent amount in social security right now, which probably won't be there. But for years I made six figures.

(1h 0m 29s):
It's just the rigorous travel in the sales that I was in. I just couldn't deal with it anymore. I was on the road, you know, four nights a week. Who told you there's no sales roles that you could do without traveling all the time? No one, no one There. Yeah. She just, I get it. You downshifted, I I get the downshift, but hey you downshifted. Now you're on the other side of this And you got a lot of experience. My guess is your resume is very impressive. Yes. Well let's go get it Monica. You can sell. You are a six figure earner. Let's go. You wanna attack this worry and sleep well at night, start making some more money and put more money away.

(1h 1m 11s):
Agreed. Come On Monica. Do not let this fear happen to you. You need to happen to it. Lemme tell you something I've learned, okay? I've had the privilege at Ramsey Solutions, not counting The Ramsey Show, but on The Ken Coleman Show. George, I've coached over 10,000 people and they're trying to make more money or experience more meaning in work. And Monica, here's what I want you to hear. There's a formula that I've learned 'cause people call me and they're paralyzed. Do I take this job? Do I stretch out to this? Do I get a degree? You know, they're trying to figure out what do I do to make my life better through my work? And here's what I've learned, George, you've heard me say this and Monica, I want you to catch this. Clarity always breeds confidence.

(1h 1m 57s):
And confidence breeds courage. And I think that's what you need today. And George just gave you tremendous clarity And you got it. You repeated back exactly what we would want you to do. There's your clarity. Let that clarity, that action plan that you laid out for us so clearly, let that be the thing that you focus on and watch what happens. George, she, her confidence is going to go up. And then the confidence gives you that courage to keep going. Keep trying, get a new gig here. The income then goes up along with confidence. Yeah. There We go. Savings rate goes up, the nest egg will start to grow And you might need to work until you're 72.

(1h 2m 37s):
And I hope you're able-bodied with all those organic foods. Oh, that, you know, you're, you're still very limber. Two Monica's eating clean. She can, she Can work. We can learn a thing or two from Monica. Yeah. Hey Monica, hang on the line. Yeah. Jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com slash guide. We've got a free investing guide that's gonna walk you through this. Oh, I love it. Much more detail. Anyone can go get it. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Guide. Monica, you're gonna be okay. This is The Ramsey Show.

(1h 3m 5s):
Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade Warshot and I'm just gonna cut to the chase. If anyone knows about paying off student loans, it's me. Okay. My husband and I had $460,000 of debt and 280,000 of it was student loans. So I know the pressure that you feel when you have that debt weighing you down. But I also know there's a way out because we did it And you can too. Getting out of student loan debt starts with taking control of the situation and Laurel Road can help. Laurel Road offers a free 30 minute consultation with a student loan expert to go over your repayment options and help make a plan based on your specific situation to get your student loans paid off fast. Okay. Truth be told, refinancing is not the move for everyone. And my advice is that you should only consider it if you can get a lower rate or a shorter term. But if refinancing is your next move, I think it should be with Laurel Road. They offer low competitive rates and terms that could help you pay less over the lifetime of your loan. Plus they offer interest rate incentives like an auto pay discount. So go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY to find out more and schedule your free 30 minute consultation. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association.

(1h 4m 21s):
If your holiday ham tends to last longer than your New Year's resolutions, then I got a fresh challenge for you. Make this the year you take control of your financial future with an actionable plan. Sound intimidating. You don't have to do it alone. SmartVestor Pros are financial advisors who can walk you through what you need to know about retirement planning, wealth management, and anything in between. Find a pro near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor.

(1h 4m 60s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel joins me and we're thrilled you're with us. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. So this is fun. We get to do this every once in a while. We got John on the line, George and John is from the Miami area and he's 46 and he's single. That's what I know. And John reached out to us and he said, I need some help with my budget and we love this. So we're gonna go through the numbers we got. I mean the budget man right next to me that's like We're cracking my fingers and ready to go. Oh, I Love it. The people heard you crack the knuckles. That was Real life. No sound effects. So this Is real. So I've plugged it into our budgeting app, EveryDollar. So these are John's real numbers here and we're gonna see what his situation is.

(1h 5m 41s):
So we're gonna walk through it right now, see what we can do. See? Alright, let's go. John, are you there? Yeah. Hi guys, how are you? Well, we're great man. How are you feeling about this? Live on air budget ectomy. Well, I'm happy to be on the show. I recently started to watch some YouTube videos and I came to explore your show and I thought to myself, why don't I reach out to you guys and figure what's my options? Am I completely bankrupt or I'm gonna be able to get out of this? And if there is a way, maybe you can show me. I Got good news, John. I don't know what the bad news is gonna be. George is gonna let you know shortly. The good news is you can get out of this and boy oh boy, do you have the man to help you? He's wearing corduroy today.

(1h 6m 21s):
So he's got a little, gives confidence, extra credibility and confidence. All right, George, take it away. Let's do this EveryDollar. So John, I've got your numbers here and I have them in EveryDollar, but for the people's sake listening out there watching, what is your total debt load Combined? About 96,000 between eight cards, credit Cards. Wow. All credit card debt. All credit cards. Oof. Wow. And what is your income? Yeah, So I lost my job beginning of last year, which was 170 5K. I was able to find temporary projects with Consistancy anywhere between 65 to 7,500 a month. But it's only been like four months last year.

(1h 7m 2s):
And I have about two months this year, which is ending next month. So you're gonna lose all of that income next month? Correct. Wow. Right Now what field were you in? I'm in operations. And you're just, what would you say is the reason why you're having a hard time finding full-time employment? I'm not sure. I don't know if it's something to do with economy. I don't know if it's something that's in my search. Maybe combination. I don't know. Are you getting opportunities and just not winning the job or is it a lack of interviews? Lack of interviews, I would say. Okay. And when you look at the field, are there multiple opportunities that you see out there that you are qualified for and are in the, the range of salary that you're used to making?

(1h 7m 48s):
Mm, not really, to be honest, it's, it's more diluted right now. Yeah. Well that is true. I mean, the white collar jobs right now, we've seen a slow slowing what they call a softening in the job economy. So I that's real. But let's go stay on the budget. But we do gotta talk about income here. Go ahead George. Well That's, that's the big key. 'cause your budget with EveryDollar is income minus expenses. So I've got it on the screen here. Our team's gonna throw it up for you. And here's the deal. I'm gonna assume 6,500 bucks is coming in this month, right? So I'm gonna show you an example of what it would look like to get on this money plan. Okay. So you've got 6,500 coming in And you got no savings. Correct.

(1h 8m 28s):
All right. And then you're not, are you paying rent or mortgage right now? I'm staying in an apartment for free for two months until end of, actually mid of next month. Okay. So we're gonna need to figure out where we're gonna live and how we're gonna afford that. Yeah, we, we need income before that happens of course. And then I see here it says car rental a thousand dollars. What's going on there? Well that's only for two months actually for, for this period. Just because the project is very far away and I don't have a car. So what is your plan to get around once this project's over? Probably not having a car and just using Uber whenever I need to. Which we'll cut it probably by half.

(1h 9m 9s):
Okay, we'll keep going here. You've got groceries, 200 restaurants 500, correct? Correct. I think I see a spot we can cut right now. Could you just not eat out and increase your grocery budget a little bit? I mean I could probably cut it by half. You know, I would say some of it is also to meet some people talk about some maybe connections about work. It can we do a, a cup of coffee instead of a fancy dinner. That's a great point. Sure. Yeah. Okay, that'll cut it down. So I'm gonna cut this down to a hundred bucks for restaurants. We'll increase your groceries by a hundred to make up for it and so we'll save some money right there. Then you've got a phone 65 bucks a month.

(1h 9m 51s):
Correct? We could do a little better there. My friends at Telo. 25 bucks unlimited everything. So that one you could shave off 40 bucks a month right there. And then the rest is all of your debt. I mean I'm staring at, let's see here, the EveryDollar adds it up for me. You have over $3,500 in just minimum payments on these credit cards. Yeah, that's crazy. Oh Wow. I need some Tums. I Know, that's why, That's Why that is Wild. That's trying. So here's the deeper question. Trying, you don't need to, this is not the point of the call, but what got you here to where you ran up a hundred thousand dollars in credit cards? I think it was just accumulation from like two years before. Maybe it was like third or maybe close to 40%. I think last year was just a lot more than that.

(1h 10m 34s):
But a guy making 1 75 has no need to go into credit card debt. So what was going on in your life that you were spending this money on? Well, as I said, I think it started before that I had probably at least 35 to 40% just being irresponsible in the way thinking money is still gonna flow for a long time. So has that spending addiction ceased or are you still adding to this credit card debt? No, the, the cards are maxed out. So even if I wanted to, I can't now, You know, it's bad when even the credit card companies cut you off. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Okay. Anything that we can sell, I wish, Did you purchase anything on these cards that was a physical item that you can go sell on Facebook marketplace?

(1h 11m 19s):
No, I did not go into luxury item spree. So was this experiences? It was, it was, I had to relocate to another city, another state for the project last year. Some of it was paying for accommodations, it was just, yeah, I think it was just months of doing that. Okay. Yeah. Well here's the deal. We need to get income in our life asap and that's where Ken's advice is gonna come into play here. Because without income, this whole plan is moot. The budget needs needs income in order to cover the expenses and attack the extra debt. So here's your goal is cover your four walls, that is your priority before any credit card company gets paid, cover your food, utilities, shelter, transportation, keep it all to a minimum.

(1h 12m 8s):
Okay? Okay. Beyond that, you're gonna start attacking these debts from smallest to largest. So I see here your credit card number one, the balance is 2,600 bucks if I click into it. Yes. So that's gonna be your first one to tackle. You're gonna make minimum payments on the rest. So you've gotta make at least $3,500 of payments. Then anything beyond that throw toward card number one? Yeah. Onto the printer. None. I actually was paying all the smaller cards, but the big cards, I wasn't able to three cards already being closed by the bank. Okay. During collections, I'm pretty sure I'm already starting to get calls. Okay.

(1h 12m 48s):
So three cards already been. I I, I called them also to let 'em know that, you know, after years I'm unable to make payments on, you know, two of the cards and I guess they're already closed three accounts, two for personal and one of business. Okay. And are you able to make all of your payments currently on the remaining cards? Yeah, just the, the the small ones? Correct. Okay. So the, yeah, So with this debt snowball, as you clear each debt, it's gonna also clear up that minimum payment, which frees up more money to attack the next one. Are you getting that? Yeah. Which means once you get started on this, it feels overwhelming now, but man, if you can get that job making one 50 again, we can get rid of this debt.

(1h 13m 29s):
Think about it. If you can throw 50 grand at this debt per year, you're done in two years and we're never going into debt again. John, That's what we're talking about. A short season of sacrifice. Is This contract work remote Right now? Yeah. The work you're doing on these, you told us you had these contracts are, is that remote work? Yeah, it's a project that moves around. In that case they're actually here in Florida. Okay. So it's all Right. Here's my point. The white collar world, that kind of jobs, it is tightened, it is a softer market So you're working really hard to replace it. However, you're also at Home Depot or Lowe's or Walmart or whatever you are working. You've got operational experience, you've been been a manager of, of processes that is extremely versatile and valuable.

(1h 14m 17s):
My point is, you aren't waiting for another contractor job while you're looking, you are working, working, working to knock these credit cards down. That's the key to winning on this deal. George, tell people how they can get EveryDollar just like we recommended to John. Yeah, We're gonna send this to John as well. We're gonna Give you a premium for one year so it connects to your bank account. Has all the paycheck planning features to help you along this process. Everyone can go download it in the app store. Alright. How many times last year did you end up with too much month? At the end of the money, even if you're able to stay on top of your bills, there's nothing left over. No margin, no breathing room. You work your butt off but you still feel broke. And now you're wondering if 2025 will be any different.

(1h 14m 60s):
It can be you are not powerless over your money. When you take control of the things you can control, you will make progress and bring peace back to your home. And we're going to help you on January 23rd. Me and Jade are hosting a free live stream where we will show you how to free up more breathing room this year. Plus when you sign up, you could win $4,000 cash. It's gonna be a blast. Guys go sign up right now. Make this the year you stop getting by and start getting ahead. Register for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream.

(1h 15m 47s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. You know, I think back George, by the way, I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel with me today here. I think back to that last call with John as you were walking him through EveryDollar. You know, the, the the, the theme there is, John, you've gotta take control of your money. He's been very successful but he's never really had control of his money. And by the way, you know, no judgment or shame there, we've all been there before and the idea of taking control of your money, that thought leads to an action, George, that again can turn anything around. And we've seen some extreme turnarounds here in our time at Ramsey Solutions and as co-host of The Ramsey Show. And it just makes me think again tonight why tonight's livestream is so important.

(1h 16m 29s):
It's a free livestream event. We've got over 400,000 people registered to join this free event. It's free live on YouTube seven central tonight. And if you're one of those people right now, you're listening to us or watching us, you're going, I've never truly taken control of my money. I really think you ought to tune in tonight, George. Absolutely. Yeah. I'll be a part of it. Along with Rachel Cruz, Dave and Jade will be leading off teaching you all the things you need to be doing to get ahead financially to start building wealth. And then we're gonna have a live q and a where Rachel and I will join answering your questions. We're taking questions live from, from Zoom. We're taking questions live from email and social. And so this is your last chance to sign up. If you want some life change this year, tell your friends, tell your family again it's free.

(1h 17m 10s):
Sign up for the livestream at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. You'll be entered to win for a chance to win four grand. We're giving away $4,000 cash to five people, which is gonna be fun. Yeah. And make sure you create a free EveryDollar account. You'll get a bonus entry in the giveaway for doing that. We're gonna be using EveryDollar in the stream to show you practically, just like I did with John, how to find more margin, how to speed up the progress. So 7:00 PM tonight central time. We'll see you there. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. Now You don't wanna miss a minute of this obviously 'cause every minute is planned out, but people are at home. Life happens and for people who love you George. 'cause it's a growing number, it's a We're up to 10, it's A thro, it's a, it's a really a large group of people.

(1h 17m 53s):
Do you have any idea about what time you're going to appear? That's, if you look if at them minute by minute. I Believe the first section with Dave and Jade's probably about 45 minutes and then we're gonna do about an hour of q and a. We really wanted to make it about what people, People are really experiencing point. If you're gonna have to get up and go to the restroom, you don't, you wanna be back in your, your your Couch. That's right. Around 7 45 ish. Yeah. And here's the Good news, are you wearing the corduroy on that too? I am. I didn't wanna have to Wardrobe change. I want the American people who are listening today who haven't seen this corduroy. What did you say? I missed that. I said I don't wanna have to do a wardrobe change. Yeah. So I thought I'll just wear what I'm wearing. I like that. Well it's a fantastic Jack. Thank you. Alright. It will be So you don't wanna, by the way, I'm gonna, I have a bucket of popcorn. I'm gonna, I'm gonna It must be nice to be Ken Coleman on his couch tonight.

(1h 18m 33s):
Well, watching us do the heavy lifting. Listen, I didn't, I'm not starting tonight. All right. Tonight's tonight I'm not starting, it's not my night. So I it's Gonna be awesome. I'll be in the pajama pants watching you. I appreciate that. With A little bit of popcorn Along with several hundred thousands and it's gonna Be great later on you can watch your mom and dad are gonna be very Proud too. My mom has always texted me during these saying, you need to smile more like, thanks mom. Very helpful feedback. You Know, I don't like your attitude. Exactly. I think you mom's probably right. She's Right. Well, you know, you're, Why don't you do what your mom says? You're listening to questions. You're focused. It's hard to smile. Okay. I gotta remind myself I've never noticed that about you. There We go. You strike me as a very joyful person. Thank you. Worried but joyful. Appreciate that. Steven is up next in Little Rock, Arkansas. Steven, how can George and I help?

(1h 19m 16s):
Hey, can y'all hear me Loud and clear sir? Okay. So I'm trying to get outta debt and I lost my, my, the best paying job I ever had. I was making a hundred k. Ah, and then What happened? And what were you doing? I was driving a truck and due to unforeseen circumstances, I lost my job. Okay. And so my new career, it's still driving a truck, but it's about, I got a huge pay cut. How big? Like now I make about 35,000. And that's because that's the only trucking job available to you?

(1h 19m 60s):
I I can't really go over the road. I hate saying that, but my anxiety's really bad. Okay. Alright. Do you need to find a new career field home? No. This is the only thing I've ever been good at Is what Driving. Yeah. So the question then becomes, and again, before we start talking about, you know, you don't have enough money to pay your debt, we gotta figure out how we get more money. And that's why I kind of interrupted here to figure out where, where we are here. So I understand the anxiety. No shame in that. Don't be embarrassed by that. That's real. But couple things on that. Number one, that's treatable. Would you agree? Yes, I am on medicine for that.

(1h 20m 41s):
Okay. But regardless of what you're doing to treat that, I would be looking mentally at, I've got to do the hard work. If it's a chemical thing, I'm, I'm doing meds. I've gotta get to a point where I can get back on the road for a season if that's the best money I can make or I've got to expand my horizons and my thinking to, alright, I, I I can do more. What jobs do not require me to be over the road for long amounts of time? I'm thinking UPS driving for one of the beer companies, Coca-Cola. I mean these jobs have higher pay than 35,000 and they also have a nice path in these large companies.

(1h 21m 25s):
So just trying to ideate for you to go, man, you can't accept whatever happened in the past that's got you here. It's gonna be a lot longer and a lot harder. And, and George's gonna walk you through this, the debt snowball. But you need more income and soon. Would you agree? Yeah. Okay. Your hourly rate right now is about 17 bucks an hour. Second Job. Oh, then I must have done my math right? I'm, I'm making 18. Okay. You're making 18 bucks an hour. So what we're saying is if you can go make $20 an hour temporarily, you'd get a raise right now. Yeah. Which wouldn't be that hard to find. So Give George your debt picture.

(1h 22m 6s):
Me and my wife together have around 24 and half thousand dollars In debt. Yes. Break it down for us. Okay. The credit cards around 1500, the two personal loans of one's 2,500, the other one's 1500 and there's a car that's I think around 1500 and a building that's around 1500. The rest is, is the student loan of my wife's. Okay.

(1h 22m 46s):
And is your wife working outside the home? Yes. What does she make? She makes 24 20 4,000 a year or 24 an hour. 24,000 a year. What Does she do? She is a, a occupational therapist or something like that. Like a Is she working 40 hours a week? Activities director. Gotcha. Yeah, she's, she's an activities director at a nursing home. Alright. You see that there's potential for her to be doubling her income as well with not a whole lot of effort? Yes, My man, that's the conversation tonight over dinner.

(1h 23m 26s):
We're both looking for jobs like good. One thing I do on the side that I'm really passionate about is on Sundays after church I go and preach to elderly at nursing homes. 'cause you know they're lonely. Sure. And many people talk to. Yeah. That's another reason I don't want to really go over the road to What's that pay you? It don't, it's, that's voluntary. Alright. And I love that. My heart, I love that Steven, but that's not a job. And right now you need to get out of debt. You don't have a ton of spare time to be putting towards a lot of volunteerism. Use that passion to fuel your debt free journey to say, man, I hate that.

(1h 24m 7s):
I can't do that right now 'cause I'm out working three jobs. I wanna get back to that. Yeah. So let's get rid of this debt fast. You see how you flip the script? Yeah. So you guys are making about 60 k, you've got about $25,000 worth of debt and it's gonna take the debt snowball method. And so any money we have beyond our expenses, which by the way should be minimal, we're talking about no eating out. Are you guys doing any of that right now? No sir. The Old post church lunch isn't happening. Oh, he's preaching. No. All Right. Hey, real quick question. Super quick, Steven. I just heard something you said one of the reasons you don't wanna go back out on over the road truck driving is because you want to be there preaching to the, to the old folks. And I love that.

(1h 24m 48s):
With the medicine that you're on right now, are you able to drive without the crippling anxiety that got you outta the cab before? Yes or no? No. All right. I'd be working on that. I'd be working on getting to a point where you can manage your anxiety. 'cause that's a hundred grand man. Quick. They need truck drivers. It's the number one need in the market. George, I just wanted to throw that Out there. Yeah, no, that's true. And this income will change everything to clean up this 25,000 of debt. It's not on fire. We've seen much bigger numbers. That's right. That's a good News. But it Feels like it is right now because of that lower income. You get that up. This problem will solve itself man. This is The Ramsey Show.