
From Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by bestselling author Jade Warshaw And. we are your host this hour, taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. And before we get to the calls, we've got an exciting interview that is dropping next week. You don't wanna miss this. A few weeks ago, Dave Ramsey and I sat down with the one and only Ben Shapiro to have a real conversation about work about building wealth and what it means to pursue the American Dream in 2024 and beyond. And the interview will be available Tuesday, October 15th in The Ramsey Network app. So if you wanna see it before anyone else, go download the free Ramsey Network app in the app store.


Then on Wednesday, the following day, October 16th, the episode will be released for everyone on YouTube and podcast. So don't miss that October 15th Ramsey Network app. Be there or be Square. You know why they say that, Jade? Because uncool people are squares and so The way I heard it is because you're not around, so you'll be square. All right, there's my dad joke. We're moving on to Eric in Boise. What's going on Eric? Hi Jade. Hey George. Thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. How Can we help? Yeah, so situation we're in, I'm in Boise, Idaho. I was a baby step seven, I guess grad, and purchased a home and paid it off.


Awesome. And yeah, I'm in, I am 31, my wife's 33. Wow. And you Guys are super weird. Yeah, I know. We love it. We're definitely very weird. And we're, we are having our first baby and so we decided to move into a home that was a a little bit bigger and had a little bit more land to it. Cash On that one too? Or there's a mortgage? Well, so what we did is we took a mortgage in order to just to get the home because we didn't wanna do a contingent offer because it was pretty competitive here.


So our plan is, is we're now currently selling our previous home and then we're gonna take all that money and roll it into the mortgage got and get it Way. So it'll be a temporary mortgage once you sell, you'll pay off the mortgage and move on. Exactly. Yep. That's, that is the, that is our strategy. That's what we're doing. Not mad at it. So what we have found out, we've had the, our helm on the market I think for two weeks, three weeks now. And we've had a couple of people who are interested and our realtors told us that they've come back and asked us if we would be interested or would offer owner financing or owner carry loans.


and I was just curious from the Ramsey Solutions perspective, are there any terms and conditions where that would be a wise thing to do? Or is it just a hard No, we're not gonna, we shouldn't be considering, I'll tell you on the, on the seller side, if you're the one taking on the risk, you're gonna loan these people however much, you know what, what are we talking $300,000? Well that's what I've asked our realtor. What are the terms or what have their, what have they been asking for? And he said, really, it's just kind of up to us for what we would say, what we would be willing to offer. And they're trying to do this to save on interest rates right now. What's the upside for them?


That would be, I don't have those details. I'd be curious about that. My, under my, from what I've read into it a little bit, it sounds like usually people who are looking into owner carrier loans are individuals who can't get approved from a loan from a bank. And that's a red flag for me. That's the only red flag. I, that's where if they didn't qualify for traditional financing, it's a hard no for me. And even then personally, the Camel family would not be willing to take on that risk of someone owing us hundreds of thousands of dollars because if they default, you've gotta foreclose on that home. So all the risk is on you instead of the lender. Yeah, I see. Yeah. And that's where I was thinking where if, because we own the home, is it if we were able to create some terms where we could say, Hey, we want a larger down payment.


So that, 'cause I mean the idea behind us selling this home is that we wanna get rid of our mortgage, so we don't want to carry that any longer. And then having a short term loan, something like five years or whatever. And do you still, I guess in that case would have the, you know, like a bank, you own the home and if they don't pay it off, you get the home back. What's The h can, can you give us real numbers? What's the house worth? Like what are you selling it for so that we know what the loan would be? Because if there, there's a couple of things that don't make sense to me and I'll tell you what they are and then if you explain it, maybe you can help. But I'm thinking, okay, sure. These people weren't approved for normal financing. Normal financing is typically a 15 or 30 year mortgage, right? Correct.


You put 5% down, whatever. And then you're talking about them having to put more down and having a shorter term, like you said, a five year term. So I'm trying to understand why you feel they would be able to do one that is far less conventional over the other, which is far more conventional, I guess. Well, yeah, that's exactly like I, I would be looking in, in the terms, so the home we're ask, the asking price right now is $369,000. And so for us, I wouldn't be comfortable with like a zero down, 1% down 2% or what do you want down low? I mean, I would say probably at a minimum 30, 40% down.


Do you think? Or do you know that they would have that money? I have not heard whether they would be willing to do that or not. Okay. My assumption is probably not. Yeah. Because if they would, you know, if they went through a bank, they'd be able to do something like you said, anywhere between five to 20%. And so I haven't heard any kind of terms along those lines, but in my interest, that's where I would ask for a larger down payment, shorter terms. And so that's where I would think that it would be less risky on our end. Well, here's the thing, and those Are kind of, here's the thing, you're not desperate and I think if you were in a situation where there was desperation or even in a non desperate situation, if we were talking about a buyer and you knew this to be true, and maybe it was like your brother, I don't know, there could be a situation where you might consider this, but you're not desperate.


You're, the house is paid off. You're not floating to mortgages right now. I mean, George, Well, and the other piece of this, Eric, you gotta realize the opportunity cost of you not selling the house, taking that money and paying off your mortgage or investing it. Yeah. And so there's, there's a lot of things that I, I don't think were totally thought through. and I would also go, are there other buyers that are just gonna go through traditional financing? 'cause there's not really upside here for you. Yeah, because that's where I was thinking the terms that I would consider it an upside would probably be shorter loan period, higher interest rates than what a bank would be offering higher down payments. And that's where I would look as if I was a buyer. Why would I take that? Why Would you ever do that?


Yeah, exactly. And you're not gonna give 'em a lower interest rate than they would get on a traditional mortgage that wouldn't make sense for you to take on that risk. Exactly. And at that point, that worries me that they'd even be willing to take that deal. Yeah. Typically this would be something that you would do maybe between, I mean, and I'm not recommending this by any means, but maybe it'd be something you do between friends or family where you're trying to, the, the intent is to give them a better deal. Maybe it's Sure. Family And if you were on the other side property or something, if you were the one buying the property and they wanted to do owner financing, then I, we would go, okay, well the risk isn't on you and as long as you're getting a deal outta this, then go for it. But I just don't see enough enough green flags here to move forward. I would wait and find a buyer who's willing to go the traditional route. Yeah.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that, that makes total sense. That kind of gives me, that was kind of my gut feeling towards it. And yeah, that definitely helped kind of clarify and, and give me a clearer picture on, on what it, because the only thing I would really be taking is probably a deal that somebody else wouldn't wanna take anyway. Or That's right. Yeah. Well we can be generous in other ways. Let's not do that with this many zeros on the end and put your financial future at risk. and I love this quote, the person with the most patience information and options wins. And you guys are in a place where you're not desperate, you've done things the right way. And so let's just move slow. And when the offer's right, you're gonna say confidently Yes. Instead of a, should we Do this? I don't know. It could be risky.


Thanks for the call Eric. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Jessica's up next in Nashville, Tennessee right up the road. What's going on Jessica? Hi. thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. How can we help today? So me and my husband recently started listening to the podcast and really getting into finances. And. we only have about $2,000 left on our credit card, which will be done within the end of the year. And, we're looking at our student loans, And, we just don't know what to do. Mine are all kind of like little tiny, like 2000, 3000 loans, whereas his is like a giant $45,000 loan And.


we don't know if there's a difference in who we should tackle first. Okay, well I love number one that you guys are kind of on this road together. You've decided it's important for you both to pay off the debt and you've decided that it's important to work together. So kudos to that. For this, it really is just the, the methodology of the debt snowball and all that is, is we list all the debt between the both of you in order from smallest to largest based on balance. So not payment amount, not interest amount, but by balance. So right now you're kind of already doing that. You've got 2000 left on this credit card. And then what you do with these student loans is you both pull up your, you know, screen of your provider and you go through smallest to largest.


Like you said, yours are busted up in little bitty guys. And so you list those smallest to largest. And the same thing with his is is his a federal loan or a private loan? It's a federal. Okay. And it's just one, right? Because sometimes you make one payment, but when you really go in there and look, look it's still listed by semester. No, he had one loan that was gonna go into collections and they told him that he had to consolidate. So it's one giant federal loan Now. Okay, got you. So that's gonna be the, the final one that you pay. But the good news is because you've worked the snowball, you will gotten back all those little bits and pieces of payments so you'll be able to hit it with a big shovel. What, what's the combined amount that you have in student loans?


I have about 65. 65. And he's got 45? Yes. Okay. And then what's you guys' combined income? A hundred thousand. Okay. So you've got a little bit of a, a journey here. You know, you've got 112,000 to pay off and you're making a hundred thousand. Have you jumped onto EveryDollar? Because we have a really great financial roadmap that you can plug in all your numbers and kind of project what your payoff date is gonna be and then you can project when you'll be on baby step three and how long that'll take. Have you done that yet? We are on my every do dollar fee premium expires today. Actually we just sat down last night and finally timing.


Finally put all of the numbers in there. How do, you didn't pay for it yet, did you? No sir. This feels like a plant. Jessica, did you call in on the day of the expiration hoping we'd give you EveryDollar? I promise I didn't. I just happened to look before I Called. It's fine either way. We're gonna give it To you. Yeah, we're Gonna give it to you. We're gonna give it to you. So hang on the line after we're done and we'll help with that. And what I love about EveryDollar at the bottom, you're gonna list those debts with the minimum payment, with the balance and it will list them all for you, the largest. And it's a great way to keep track of how, how much extra you're putting on that little one and when it'll be paid off. So that's gonna be a big help. but it really is, I think, psychologically motivating to see the little ones get knocked out. and I know you're gonna get to that big one and go like, oh gosh, we're in it now, $45,000 ahead of us.


But you're probably also gonna be making more money a year from now than you are, right? Yeah, hopefully. Are you guys doing any side hustles or anything to supplement that? A hundred thousand? He does. He does a lot of side projects on the weekends that probably bring about 400 in Every other weekend. Oh, about 400 a month every oh 800 a month? Yes. Okay, great. Awesome. Okay, good. So yeah, I, my recommendation, I think that If, you have debt, and this is not just for you, but anybody has debt, they need to be bringing in anywhere between five and 2000 extra dollars. That for me is the 500 to 2000. Yeah, at least 5,000. But if you can get to 2000, you're, you're swinging for the fences 500.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I like that plan. And Jessica, the fun part for me, and maybe I'm a math nerd, I go, okay, how little can we live off of out of this 110? And that might mean we pause investing. It should mean that if you guys are currently investing, let's pause that to get some money back on our budget. And then with our take home pay, we go, all right, it takes us $2,000 to cover all of our basic bills that should free up another 2000 of our 4,000 take home pay to tackle the debt. And now you kind of know the gap because if you do the math right now, how long is it gonna take you to get out of debt at the current pace? Probably about 15 to 20 years. That sucks. Can we agree? 15 to Wait a second, She's saying if she makes minimum payments on all the debt.


Okay. Oh, minimum payments. Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. But it now, now with Jessica's current plan, it's probably more like four or five years. I think so. Okay. And the Jade and George plan is like, how do we do this in two years? Maybe two and a half. And that means there's a gap. All right. Instead of throwing a thousand of the debt, we gotta throw 2000. Yeah. And here's what we're gonna cut and that's where the budget is gonna be your best friend and show you the reality of where you're spending and where what can go. And here's a couple of freebies. I mean are you guys getting a tax return every year? It's only like refund two 300 Bucks. Two 300 bucks. Okay. I mean you can look at that and see if you can get it down. Probably not. That's pretty close. What about investing? Are you doing any investing?


I only do the match my company does into my 401k. Okay. How much is that? Every month It's 4%, but I just started a new employer so it hasn't even begun yet because I have to be there for three months. Okay, Perfect. Listen, so let's just not start that because that's gonna free up hundreds of dollars that could be going toward debt and I promise you we will get back to investing with a vengeance later on. But what happens for most people, Jessica, is they go, well I want the match and therefore I'm willing to stay in a debt longer and I'm kind of comfortable here. And then they do three or 4% for 10 to 15 years. That's right. I'd rather see you do 15% two years from now. That's right. Next category. 'cause I'm just trying to help you find money. I want this to happen fast.


What do you spend every month on going out to eat? We have a budget of $50. Okay, good. What about groceries? It's just the two of you. It is. My husband does, he's like a gym guy. So our budget's about 800. Okay, that's not bad. Gotta get, Do a little protein. Yeah, you might be able to do it a little less but that's not bad. $800 for two folks. Just get that. Like the boneless chicken thighs from Aldi, you stock up on those. That's plenty of Front. I don't know about a chicken thigh, George. Well yeah, Jade's not, she's not dabbling in that world. I'm just, I'm a big gym rat myself. Jade, if you can't tell no are I could tell by your bulging biceps. But I do watch a lot of videos about protein for some reason.


I don't know. I'm very intrigued by the lifestyle, Jessica. But the point here, Jessica, is we're going through the budget with a fine tooth comb. And this is, like I said, for anybody listening, withholding's a great place to start investing. Look at that. Food budget cars, a lot of times people's opportunity is sitting in their driveway. So tell us about your vehicles. My husband's is a 2012 completely paid off. Okay. And then mine was gifted to me by my father, so I actually don't pay for it. Okay, so that's paid off too. It's a, Yeah, a 2018 Toyota. Okay, Good. Another thing that's really people don't think about is insurance across the board. Re shopping insurance. If you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup, we have a great coverage checkup.


It'll take you just a few minutes to do the quiz. and I helped a friend here actually reach out to Xandr. They res shopped their insurance and they had better coverage while saving 80 bucks a month. Nice. 80 bucks back in the budget. Nice. So just doing something like that, Jessica with Homeowners auto across the board could save you a hundred bucks, 200 bucks a month. Yeah. And then there's the utility type stuff. You can go in, call your cell phone provider and say, Hey, are you offering any deals if you still have cable in baby Step two? Yeah. Whatcha are Paying for your, your cell phone bill? I'm sorry, can you repeat that? What are you paying for your cell phone bill? So right now ours is separate 'cause I do own on my phone and that should be knocked out by the end of the year. But mine is $87 a month and his is 60.


But we plan on going to mid mobile where it's like 30 bucks a month. and I was gonna say Telo has been a great sponsor of the YouTube channel and they're 25 bucks a month for Unlimit. You Can't beat it. You can't beat it. Which is incredible. So that, that's a big savings. Some people are just paying like 120 bucks a month for their phone plan. Yeah. Not even including the phone. So, hello, just some ideas. Jessica along with EveryDollar, I'm gonna send you my book breaking free from Broke. I want you to specifically read the margin is Breathing Room chapter in there. I lay out a bunch of the ideas that Jade and I threw out and many more just to get you going 'cause we're pumped for you guys to become debt free. Do you feel like it's closer just on this call? Yes. I mean we also made progress. we started with about $16,000 in credit card debt and we're down to maybe two 3000 I think.


Way to go think it's 2,400. So thank you guys so much. This was really helpful. Love to hear that. And you're right down the road in Nashville, so come see us for your debt free scream. Looking forward to meeting you guys and celebrating in person. Hang on the line. We're gonna send you EveryDollar Premium and my book, breaking Free from Broke. Help those resources help you along the way. More of your calls coming up. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I the Middle meet next week? Middle? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is. It's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 or go to xandr.com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Jade Warshaw. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. We just took a friend a call from a friend Jessica And. we were walking through mentally kind of all the budget line items, helping her find some margin. And if you're wondering about this app that we're talking about called EveryDollar, it is an app that our team created here. Because frankly we were tired of seeing all these other apps not doing a great job facts and not allowing you to create a zero base budget where every single dollar has a job, has a name. And so we created one a decade ago and it just keeps getting better every single day. Every single year. So if you wanna check it out, it's totally free in the App store or Google Play.


Or you can click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. And I'm telling you, this is the plan that is underpinning all of the baby steps. Yeah, it is the budget. It's the way that Jade and her husband got out of hundreds and hundreds of thousands dollars of debt. It's the same way I went from Broke to Millionaire. It's every month. Make a plan before the month begins. Yep. Stick to it. It's that simple and it's that hard, but it is so worth it. So go check out EveryDollar in your app store. Alright, Daniel is in Boston up next. What's going on Daniel? Hey, how's it going? thank you guys for taking my call. Sure. What's going on? Alright, so I have, oh I'm on baby step number two right now. And my biggest question is if I should sell my car or sell both the cars that we have.


Ooh. We are about, so I just got married last year. We just had a baby. Main reason why we want to get out of debt is to get a house. But we are $55,000 in debt. $20,000 is the cars, $8,000 in student loan and the rest is credit cards. Okay. The car that I'm looking to sell is a two-door car. So it's a little hard to use with a baby. I owe about $12,000 on it and Kelly Blue Book is saying it's about worth 14 to 14 five average price. Good. I've listed it before a couple times before we even had the baby. I just never had good luck selling it, mainly because I didn't have the title.


Ah. So my biggest question was wondering if I should get a separate loan to pay off the car and then sell the car and then pay off that loan that I took out. Or am I overthinking this and Well, the, the simpler way is you do this all in one transaction. So you go to whoever holds the title and you conduct the transaction there. Okay. Because not that there's, you know, you don't have a clean title. I mean you just gotta pay the loan off to get the title and therefore you need that person's payment in order to do it, which Is totally normal on private sale. Right. Yeah. Just a lot of people that I've seen didn't really, I guess trust there it's because they've never done it before. Yeah. Okay. So that's where I was in like wondering if I should, you know, get a loan for it.


And same thing with the other car. I mean it's one of my biggest payments. It's about the two cars. It's about $850 a month. Ooh. What, what do you owe on it? So the other car, the Camry, I owe 8,000 on that one. Okay. What's It worth? And that one's worth about 14. Oh, the average And the payment's eight 50. Is that the total? No, That's the total for both cars. The Camry is 4 38, the two-door car is four 13. Okay. So they're pretty equal. But the good news is for the camera you'd get more money back off the sale. Right. What's the, for you, what's the, what do you do?


Are you going to be a one car family? What's, what's the plan after you liquidate one or both of these? Right. So we definitely both, both need the cars. She usually drives to Klein's house. I drive to work. It's just my car was the one that we wanted to sell the most to get at least a car that has four doors. Sure. Just to make it a little bit easier for the baby. Yeah. And also doing groceries. 'cause usually her car is the family car at this point. So that was the whole point. And also we honestly never realized how much debt we had until like the first year of marriage. So getting everything, you know, looking at all the debts and seeing what we can eliminate, what we should be better at with our money. And, we just thought this was, you know, 'cause it's the biggest expense that we had besides our rent.


I like the idea of you selling the smaller car. You know, if you clear 2000. I also wonder, I mean, I don't know how long you had it listed or what sites you had it listed on. How long, how long did you have it listed before you pulled it? I, I'd say so I, I listed it twice and I had it probably for that duration, like a month, two months. Okay. That's not too too long. but it does make me wonder if it, I don't know if all the feedback was, you don't have the title, you don't have the title, but it might make me wonder about the price if it's accurate or not, if you're not getting any bites. So just put it out there again and ask people for their feedback so that you know what's going on.


Is it the price that's the issue or is it really that the fact that you don't have the title And you can contact, you know, the different dealerships out there and see he'll give you what and some of these online Yeah. Car sellers as well. And see maybe some of them out there. Back in the day, Jade, were giving people crazy top dollar that's slowed down, but you still might get a pretty decent deal to get out of this thing. What's your household income? So right now we both, she got a raise. I got a new job. We're about 95 now. Okay. Okay. And what's the 20? So you, you got about 27,000 in credit card debt? I do, yeah. It's about her. A little bit of hers and mine. Yeah. Combined. Okay. 'cause Macon 95 and looking at your total debt load, I mean if you wanted to keep the cars and you were gazelle tens, you could just go ahead and plow through it and the debt snowball and keep the cars.


but it sounds like you don't really want this two door card anyways. Yeah, I just, it's, it's a big hassle. and I actually I did get a offer from Carmex, which was $10,000. I don't think I was supposed to see this, but they said they were gonna list it for 18 grand To Make about eight on it. Yeah. They're about to make some bank off of that. Trying to take you for a ride. Well you owe 12, so I don't like the idea of you kind of going underwater for this deal. Not so I would, I would hold and see what you can get for it. Right. Top dollar, clean it up. Nice. Take real good photos. List it on all the major places. Facebook, marketplace, Craigslist, Autotrader, you name it. Okay, cool. Sound good?


All right. Good Luck, Man. You're, you're on the right track, I feel for my Bostonians out there. Yeah, It's tough. All right, let's go to Juliet in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. What's going on? Juliet? Hi George and Jade, my husband and I are having a little bit of a disagreement and was hoping that you could help sort it out. Okay. Yes. We love getting in the middle of Do you wanna be right? Are you hoping you win? I think there's an argument where we could both be right. Okay. I like it. I like it. Is he there We are on baby steps four, five, and six. We raced through two and three in the last few months.


Thanks to your book, George. Oh, Awesome. Love to hear that. Congrats. You guys did the work. Yeah. So You busted it. So the Dilemma is we have been trying to have a baby. It hasn't happened. He wants to keep going through with stork mode and I would rather put more towards paying off the house investing. So you're not pregnant yet? I am not. But he's considering it Stork mode. Did I hear that right? Yeah. I we are a single income family with myself working actually and I think he's concerned that I could get laid off or something else happens.


And then we're having to cover daycare and, well, the health insurance for us, technically Stork mode is kind of reserved for baby steps two and three. Because you Guys have an emergency fund. How much is in there? We have around 40,000 in an emergency fund. You're Sitting Pretty, which is more than six months. Yeah. And that's more than your out-of-pocket max on your health insurance. That's right. It is. So I don't know what we're saving for at this point. I think he would love to be able to have all of daycare saved up because he's, we Don't need to fund a year of daycare in our emergency fund. This guy, I, I, listen, I love the sentiment.


He's thinking if I can get ahead, I'll get ahead. Like, you know the people who like pay their utilities years in advance. Oh yeah. And they pay everything up. Yeah. I think if he's listening or let him listen to this call later. Again, stork mode. And for those listening who are new, it's just the idea that if you know you have a baby on the way, but you're actively paying off debt if you're in baby step two, you pause that intensity and you stack up money so that you have it when baby comes. But in you guys' case, you're at a baby, step two, you've got 40 grand saved. Yeah. You should be investing 15% of your income and anything above and beyond that, if you wanna make extra home payments, you can. Now, if you're saving up for some sort of fertility, you can also do that on the side.


But you guys are doing well. Yeah. and I, if, if and when you do get pregnant, then we can say, all right, or you do get laid off, then we need to pause and go, this is a storm. That's right. Let's pause and save up cash because you were laid off. But you guys are gonna be just fine. And I, I hope you get that little baby here real soon. That'd be awesome. Good luck to you. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This is the season for Halloween. It's October. We're wearing costumes and we're wearing masks. If you haven't started planning your costume yet, get on it. And while you're thinking about it, I want you to be honest. A lot of us hide ourselves. We hide our true selves behind costumes and masks all the time. We do this at work, we do this around our friends, we do this around our families. We even do this when we look at ourselves in the mirror. I know because I've been there multiple times in my life and it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding behind masks and costumes all the time. If you find yourself hiding from your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where you can be honest, where you can talk to somebody else and reflect and learn. And you can accept all the parts of yourself over time and start living an authentic life. Masks and costumes should be for Halloween parties, not for our emotions and our true selves. And if you're considering therapy, try calling my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for you and your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey and you'll be matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapists at any time for no additional cost. Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade Waroff. You didn't know. We've got a Ramsey Network app where you can tune into all of the shows distraction free, including this show. All three hours are in the app And. we also have a place where you can ask questions and we'll occasionally answer those on air. So this one is from Dylan from The Ramsey Network app. What does he have to say, Jade? Yeah, he says my fiance has college grants and scholarships, which she won't qualify for both our incomes. Okay. Should we wait to get married so she can graduate debt free? Wow, That's very interesting. What an intersection of love And money. I wanna know more. I wanna know what the timeframe is like.


Are we talking six months? You know, are we, is this this four years? I wanna know more about this. My thought. Can we cash flow if we don't get the grants and scholarships, can we still cash flow? Yes. And avoid debt. I mean there's part of this where I go, okay, I'm thinking traditional college student. So maybe she's what, 18, 19 going in? I don't know. George. I feel like we need more information. I'm gonna say if it's a year to postpone it maybe. and I wanna know how much school is, are we Talking about? And when did, when did you plan on getting married? Were you gonna wait for her to graduate anyways?


Yeah. Yeah. So many questions. So little answers. So little answers. I can't answer this in good faith and really know what's going on. My And how much would we be? Is we talking a hundred thousand dollars right? Or are we talking 40,000? I don't know. Can you even go to school for 40,000? It's an interesting one though, Dylan. I don't think there's a straight answer here of Yeah, there's not. Absolutely. You should wait or absolutely don't wait and just cash flow it. But Dylan call in. I wanna know more about this. I know. and I, does it have to be for the entire four years or are we talking semester by semester? Maybe you take it semester by semester and go Okay. You know, she starts, okay, it's about to be November. So the new semester comes up here after Christmas break.


Maybe she does that one. And you guys reassess And go, can we cash flow the rest? Yeah. And just combine and comes and get married. And, we've got it from here. Yeah. So that, that would kind of be my thing is how can we put ourselves in a position to not need the grants and scholarships if we're itching to get that wedding and get married. Yeah. Well, either way. Either way. We don't go into debt. I think that's the key point coming out of here. Debt's not on the table. And if that, if it means you have to wait a little bit, that might be the the question. The, the solution. All right, we Got some more. I Don. That was good. Good question though. All right. It Was All right. We need more details. Let's go to Todd in Phoenix who we can actually talk to. Yes, that's nice. Todd, what is happening with you?


Hi, we're my wife and I. We've been kind of going back and forth on selling our home to pay off some debt. I, I've been kind of an idiot the last few years and We can all say that at some point in our lives. Thank you for having the self-awareness. Yes. Hold money out when, you know, to build a pool and do some things we probably didn't need to do. And you know, we, I I guess the, the issue, we pay our bills, we eat, we, we live, you know, pretty, pretty normal lives, but it's gotten tighter and tighter and it feels like we're not, not really moving at all.


Kind of just spinning our wheels. And so What's your household income? That I could about one 70. And what, how much consumer debt do you have? Everything but the mortgage About 180 2. Ooh. Yeah. You're feeling it. What kind of, so you tell us, can you break down that 180 2? And by the way, does that include the mortgage? Yes. No. Oh It doesn't? No it does not. Okay. Can you break it down for us? So we did a, a HELOC for 60 and built a pool and actually paid off, paid off some debt with that, which we then kind of racked up again another personal loan for about 57.


Got a car loan that's got 17 on it. What was the personal loan for? And then what'd you spend the 50, is it 57,000 or 5,750 7,000. Okay. What was that for? It was really stupid. I I I, I outsmart myself from time to time and I thought, okay, I'm gonna do this personal loan And, we're gonna pay off debt. Like we paid off both of our cars. Okay. And, and, and used it what I thought was kind of the right way, but then have since just kind of racked up money in other areas. Okay. So you, you took on debt to pay off other debt while changing zero habits and you were right back to where you were. Correct. That's a cautionary tale for anybody listening.


We talk about that all the time. Yeah. So you're teaching a lot of people. thank you Todd, for being transparent. Yeah. What else do you have? So the 57,000 personal loan, what's next? And then, Well I've got the, now I have a, another car loan now for 17, about 20 grand in credit card debt and then 28 and like I did a debt consolidation kind of thing to get rid of. It's kind of same, same thing. Get rid of credit cards. Yeah. Okay. I transferred to zero, you know, 0% like transfer Money are, are we done playing the game? You think? Like, are you, you're like, all right, I'm not gonna move debt around to other debt. I wanna way out. So what are you thinking about doing?


I, You know, well, so it was debating selling out. Like my wife is not not on board. You wanted to sell the house, Possibly selling our house to pay off, pay off debt. but it wouldn't, it wouldn't pay off everything. But do you wanna know why I don't like that for you? Do you wanna know why I don't like that for you? Because it's the same thing you've been doing. It's another one of Todd's schemes. It's a fix. Yeah. Todd's shortcuts And I think. Yeah. And don't get me wrong, when people get a great opportunity, maybe they get a large sum of money, they get an inheritance, they get a large bonus or they were going to move anyway and it ends up clearing their debt.


I'm happy for them. But you have laid out a very long pattern of the same behavior and I'm not getting onto you for it, I'm just telling you what I see based on what you said. and I'm worried because Yeah, the worst thing ever Todd would be that you sell your house even when your wife didn't want to and you wind up in debt again. So for you Yeah. Yeah. Walking through the, because I always tell people when you walk through the baby steps, right George, that is the opportunity for you to change your habits. 'cause it's built in. You can't get out of the baby steps without changing your habits. It's automatic almost. Yeah. And so I as, as painful and as tough as it can be, I would prescribe if I were the person writing the prescription that you walk through the baby steps and you do this the old fashioned way.


Okay. And we've done that before. I mean, we, we have, we have been relatively debt. I I said minus a car payment or something, you know. Sure. We paid off credit cards before we paid, you know. But you've Never been completely debt free while you, you've been married? No, no. I mean, when we first bought our house, the only thing we had was the house and a car loan. Is your wife on? Is she on board to do the baby steps? Because I think what you're gonna have to go back to her and say is, alright fine, we won't sell the house, but we're gonna have to sacrifice like crazy. No, she, she's much, she's much more responsible than I am. Okay. I was gonna ask her spender Going like, it's, it's me.


And, and she, she doesn't insist on anything. Like, she doesn't ask for, you know, to, to do any of the things that I, I come up with. It's mostly like So She's been a passive passenger for all of your schemes? Yeah. She never, she never tells me now Not even a disdainful look, I don't, I don't think my wife would allow me to do all this and not like have a blow up argument yelling at me. How has she been totally cool with all of this? We, I mean we, we pay our bill like you wouldn't, you know, she doesn't feel it outside looking in. We, we pay our bills, we, you know, make a payment on anything in, you know, 20 years. It, it's so everything is comfortable but it's less comfortable. Yeah. And that's what I wanna warn you about Todd going into this, it's George and I see both sides of this all the time.


When people call in and their income is low and they've gotta go out and hustle and grind to get the money, it's almost easier for them to do what we teach than a person like you who has a great income and you're gonna have to downsize and kind of what you just said before, like the debt didn't really show. We were able to cover it up and make the payments on time, da da da da da. When you get out of debt, I'm just letting you know right now it shows and it's going to show. Yeah. And the, that same part of you that kind of liked being able to show off with the money and the pool and doing all those things. I'm ta I'm talking to you because I recognize myself in what you're saying. That same part of you that liked showing that that's gonna be the part that hurts the most when you show the opposite, which is we're downsizing our cars and we're downsizing and we're selling things And, we don't go out as much and I don't buy the things that I used to buy.


Your family's gonna see it. Your friends are gonna see it, you're gonna feel it. And that's just part of the process. Don't let that deter you. That's how you know it's working. That's how you know the medicine's getting in. That's right. So let's get to work. I mean 60 KA year thrown at this debt. Three years, it's all gone making 170. How do we find that margin? We need to make more. We need to spend less. Let's get to it. Thanks for the call Todd that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. thank you to Jade Warshaw, all the folks in the booth. And you America will be back Before you know


it. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created the Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today


From The Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm Ramsey personality George Campbell joined by the one and only Jade Warshaw. And we're op, we're taking your calls open phones triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's the number to call. We'll try to help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Kate is gonna kick us off this hour in Raleigh, North Carolina. Kate Welcome to The Show. Hi. thank you guys for taking my call. I'm so grateful to be able to speak with you both. We're happy to help. What's going on in your world? Okay, so my husband and I own an investment property And. we have a tenant that's gradually falling farther and farther kind of behind.


We're also in baby step two. She's almost current right now. And, we want to be gracious landlords and give her, you know, as much grace as we can. But at the same time we know that when she's, when she moves out, we're gonna need probably $10,000 to put into the house to get it ready to rent to the next tenant. So we're trying to navigate how to help her if we can, to stay so that we don't have to pay that 10,000 while we're still in baby step two, but also help her not dig herself deeper into a hole that she can't get out of. When's the lease up? So actually October 31st and it goes into a month to month term after that.


So we need to give her 30 days notice at any point that we wanna terminate. Okay. How much debt do you guys have? So we have about 60,000. We are like in Gazelle intense mode right now. So we should have that paid off by March if everything stays according to plan. And do you own your house? Do you live in a house? We, yes we do. And that's the, the 60,000 is not including our mortgage or the mortgage on the rental property. What's the mortgage on your house Right now? We owe about two 200,000. And what's the mortgage on the rental? About a hundred thousand. What's the rental worth?


Probably two 50. Okay. What's your household income? About 1 75. And is that with the rental income or I guess right now there isn't a lot of rental income, Correct? Yeah, it's, that's including the rental income? Yes. How much was this rental bringing in, in its heyday when the tenant was paying? So we net about 500 in profit a month. It rents for 1500 and the mortgage and HOA is about a thousand. So we get about 500 a month in profit on it. Well it's less than that because you got maintenance and repairs. You just told me you got 10 grand of work to do on it too, Right? Yes. Not every So you're losing money on it currently that's not every, That's not every year.


We've only owned it for about four years and so we haven't had any major repairs that we've needed to make to it yet. But we know that we're gonna need at least paint carpet and a couple repairs whenever she moves out. How long has she been in? She's been in one year. Okay, so the whole year She's just struggled Since May. Yeah. What's, What's the story when you talk to her, what's going on? So it's been a different story every month since May, which is what's really has our antenna up. Yeah. So we want, like I said, we wanna be gracious and give her the benefit of the doubt, but every month it's been, I'm having a problem with my bank or I'm traveling out of town or something just keeps coming up and she, right now she only owes about $275.


What Does the lease agreement say? The lease agreement says we can give her 30 days notice at any time for any reason now that the lease is gonna be up at the end of October. We could, I mean, file court paperwork, like I said, right now she only owes $275. So I don't really want to, I don't want her to damage the house on the way out. No. And I think, and I don't want her to stop paying. You could just say, Hey, you know it's 2 75 I, this doesn't seem to be working out for either of us. So when the lease is up, you know, I I it it feels like this is too expensive for you and I. Think the way you lay that out. 'cause I definitely wouldn't wanna renew a lease with someone who's not paying.


Yeah. I would find a new tenant asap And you're not ki you're not kicking her out. The lease is up and as long as you give her the, you know, the Right. And is there anything in the agreement about her not paying and what happens if she doesn't pay? Well, I mean, we have the right to take her to court and pursue eviction filings and all of that. I wouldn't Do all that. My concern Is, yeah, I don't want to, my concern, yeah, I get her current And, we give her notice October 31st you got 30 days. Right. My concern is that she can't afford to move and she can't afford to, to save up for another security deposit. So she just stays and doesn't pay the rent. And We have kind of Yeah, but you can't, you can't worry about something that you don't know is, is or is not gonna happen.


Right? Like let's not play that. Let's not assume we know what'll happen if you just remind her, Hey, just a reminder your lease is up the 31st. I wanna talk about that. And then you guys talk, talk in person, not via email or letter or anything like that. Anything like that. Talk in person and say, Hey, this has been a problem, you know, we love you or we like having you here, but it's clearly too expensive for you. So for that reason, you know, and maybe, I don't know, I'm not a realtor and I'm not a a landlord, but maybe you offer an olive branch and say, Hey, you owe 2 75, you're gonna need some expenses to move. So we're willing to waive that. Do do what you have to do to make this a clean break. Because I think to your point, if she's the type of person where you are worried about her damaging the house when she leaves, that lets, you know, okay, this is not somebody you wanna be in bed with much longer.


Right? Yeah. and I don't think that she would do anything intentionally. I just, I'm concerned that she's gonna stay longer than she needs to. And so we're not only gonna not have rent coming in, but we also are gonna have that expense. And you might have to listen, you might go through that. That is part of renting is some, every once in a while you get a dud, But you need to remember you're not running a charity. Yeah. This is a business. And so I, I think it's great to be kind. You're not being a cruel landlord. You don't make the payments, you can't afford this. And it's, it, you can't let that fall on you because she can't rent somewhere else. She can. And if that might mean she gets a roommate on, I had, I get a roommate on her.


I never could live alone up until I got married. And so that's up to her to figure out what's next. You did the due diligence of giving her 30 days, which is what was in the contract she signed. And so I think you need to be firm and you seem like a real sweet person. I don't want her to walk all over you when she sees that she can. Okay. Is your husband a part of this too? He is, yeah. He's, he is more, give her notice and get her out. Yeah. He's in, he's in my boat. Yeah. and I mean I'm not, I'm not against that either. I just, You've been very kind so far nothing here. Feels like you've been a greedy landlord who's a big jerk. But I do think you need to move on, find another tenant and you may even want to consider selling this Property.


I was gonna say that was my next move because Y'all are broke, your tenants are broke. I think we might get a fresh slate if we sell this thing, use it to pay off our debt, use it to pay down our mortgage, and then later on in life we can become landlords again when we're at a much more peaceful place financially. Yeah. 'cause if you sell this, you're out of debt. You've got three to six months of expenses there. And you might have a, a, another 10, 10,000 or so left to do something else with. I Love that. I don't, I don't know that it's worth the, you know, five grand a year you're making off of this. Okay. Because think about this. You would've paid for a property making 1500 a month. That's a, that's a different number. But for all this hassle to make six grand minus expenses, repairs, maintenance, I don't know that I would do it.


Especially while I'm in debt. Yeah. Why? Why grind it out when and have a tenant who's not paying when you can just go, you know what? I'm washing my hands of all of this. And that's a great way to get her out and say, Hey, we're actually gonna sell the property. You got 30 days. Okay. I like it. That's, that's an easy out right there, Kate. That's what I would personally do in your shoes. But I'm not gonna force you to, to sell your property if you love it. But right now it's not the, the blessing that it seemed to be when I saw the TikTok video about becoming a real estate guru, I know this is the reality of being a landlord. Yeah. It can be a real tough You were tough, George. You were tough. I was trying to get back. You don't wanna mess with landlord George. two five. I was trying to be nice. Not today, which is a rarity. Good cop, bad cop. This is The Ramsey Show.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds credit union's different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on Fairwinds dot org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. Go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ Ramsey.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day. Find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Claire is up next in Raleigh, North Carolina. Claire, how can we help today? Hey, I was calling because my husband and I are working through the baby steps. We just, we're about to finish baby step two, paying off our debt this awesome month. And. we are, I'm pregnant with our first child right now. Woo. Alright, When's the due Date? Yeah, so we're due date's March 5th. Awesome. So I'm halfway through. Yeah. Congrats. thank you. But we are gonna finish paying off our debt this month. Month And. we have the thousand dollars emergency fund. I currently drive a Honda sedan and a lot of people have been telling me that I should get a minivan 'cause it's safer for the baby.


So between now and the due date, we can save up about four or $5,000. And with selling my car, we could buy a used minivan or we could build up our starter emergency fund up to about five or 6,000. So my question is, which one of those do you think should be the priority before Which one do you think should be the priority regardless of what everyone around you thinks because they're so smart and they pay your bills, what do you think you should do? I'm not sure because I, I'll be, the plan is for me to stay home with the baby. So it'll be the first time that we're living off of just one income.


So that like, building up the emergency fund for that seems to make sense to me. But I also don't want to like, get hit by a car on the highway and then my baby's not safe. Well, let's not have the fearmongering happen. And guess what a Honda sedan is plenty safe. Yeah. And unless you're having triplets, there's no need to go out and buy a seven seater minivan just because people said it's a good idea. Clara, I'll, I'll let you cheat off my test. The answer here is we do the emergency fund because you a, the baby's coming and you're gonna have to pay, you might have to pay something out of pocket. Right. So we definitely want more than a thousand dollars there. You don't know how it will go. I, I know that it will go safely, but you know, you never know. And if you're staying at home, we're not gonna be doing a ton of traveling other than to doctor's appointments.


That's Right. Yeah. You you're about to be locked, locked down. And I got a, I have a 13 month old and my wife stays home. And, we, we upgraded her car. Not because we needed a, a safer fancier car, but it was because mama wanted it. And. we had the cash And, we saved up And. we were in a different, very different place. We were in baby step seven. And so in the stage you're in, I would rather see you with a pile of cash to create some peace versus upgrading in car right now. Is the car reliable? It's running fine. Yes. Okay. You're better. I mean, get a good car seat. That's what I'll tell you. Yeah. That that's really the Invest in a good car seat. You do that and you'll be just fine. Kudos to you though for looking at this the most economic way though.


I love that you were like, we can buy a $5,000 van in cashflow as opposed to the ridiculousness of going out and trying to get payments. So I kudos to you on that. But I do believe that the emergency fund is more important. Yeah, it is more important. And ask anyone over, I don't know, over 60. I mean the back in the day, you weren't getting a minivan just 'cause you had a baby. We didn't even have seat. I'm, I'm aging myself, but I don't even feel like I was wearing a seatbelt in the back of that Cadillac that my parents drove. It was Uphill both ways. No seatbelt. No seatbelt. Oh, we have, We've come a long way with safety. But also I think drivers have gotten crazier and stupider over time. Well, Have you seen there's a, a meme going around that it's like, basically people think that drivers today are, you know, dangerous because they're texting while driving.


But then in the meme it's like, this is me in the nineties and he's got the giant like CD book. Oh yeah. And he's flipping through the CD book while he's like driving and putting it in his six disc changer. That was Me. Simpler times. Simpler times indeed. All right, Let's move on to Dmitri in Springfield. Missouri, what's going on Dmitri? Hey, so quick question. So I'm currently in Alaska. I already moved my family out to Missouri. I'm moving to Missouri as well. So here, I've been doing tiles since I was 14 years old. I got my own business since I was 18. One of the bigger contractors here. and I hate my job. My question, I'm a talker, you know, I can talk anybody into buying anything.


My question is, when I move down to Springfield, should I continue with doing what I do and what I know how to do? But hey, or should I try to pursue doing something in sales or I guess, yeah, something in sales. 'cause I can, I sell people on stuff all the time. Okay. So you act like you've been doing it. You're like, my whole life, I've been in tile since I was 14. I'm 18 now. I'm like, okay. So no, I'm 20. I'm 24. Okay. So you've been doing this for a decade. You're going got I fell into the tile business. Don't love it. I want to do something else. I think sales is the skillset that I'm actually good at and that I enjoy. Correct? Yeah. Yeah. Correct.


Well in the, you know, you could just try to find a sales job. I don't know what the, the market is. Springfield. I dropped out of school so I The best news about sales, no one gives a rip about your degree. It is Can you sell rip? True that So. Oh, okay. And if, if you're, it sounds like you'd be a good interviewer. So I would look for a sales job. And in the meantime, if you need to cover the bills, I would be doing tile because that's what you know how to do. Yeah, That's a great side, side job. Something you do on the weekends and projects that you, you do on your off time. But the goal is we do tile as little as possible. And, we start to get the boat close to the dock so we can go into sales and I think you'll do very well. How much, how much were you making doing tile?


My best year so far was almost a hundred. Okay, Great. So here's what I would be doing. I'd be doing tile full-time sales on the side. And as I get better at sales and it starts to really pick up, I would do less and less tile until we've replaced that a hundred k with sales income especially. 'cause you got, you got a family, right? Yeah. I have two kids and a wife. So it's, we, we don't have as much risk tolerance as we did when we were 18 and single. And so that's why I am telling you I would find something that's stable, consistent income. Is your wife working or is she just at home with the kids? No, no kids. I, once we got married, I told her she's having gonna work a day in her life. Wow. All right.


Well you're the provider, Dimitri. So I would, I would find something you can do in Springfield and that might be time. You might find a great sales job and go right into it. I don't know. I hope you do. Okay. But I'm gonna send you one More, What's that One more quick question for me to switch professions like that? Yeah. I know it's scary and risky, but on the back burner, what if it does not work out? Do I just stick with what I know? I mean, it's nice to have, it's nice to have something that, you know, makes you money. Right. But at the same time with sales, I, I do think it could take a while to get your footing under you.


I think What'll happen is you'll just end up switching industries what you sell. Yeah. Yeah. What you're selling might change, but the skillset is there. You're telling me that's what you love and that's why I'm gonna send you a copy of Ken Coleman's new book. Find the work you're wired to do. It comes with the get clear career assessment and I think we need a little more, more bones on this of I'm really good at selling. Okay. Selling what? 'cause I want you, you're, you're just gonna hate what you do if you sell something you hate. And so that's where we need to just dial in a little bit more, dig a little bit deeper. And this resource is really gonna help you. So stick on the line and we'll help you with that. Sure. But that's a, this is a common thing I'm seeing Jade people, especially kids, they go down a path. Maybe that's a business that their family ran.


Yeah. Maybe it's a degree they thought would pan out or a degree their parents wanted them to get. And they go, you just look up, ain't It? Yeah. And I've spent so much time, maybe so much money, even with zeros on the end, if you got student loans and it's not it, it's Not it. What do you do? You gotta you gotta pivot pan in the words of Ross Geller pivot Hot. That's hard. And there's a, I think there's a grieving you have to do to go Yeah. You do the picture of what I thought was gonna be it, wasn't it? And you spent time on it and You're probably angry. You invested Yeah. Frustrated, resentful toward the people around you who said this was a path. Angry at yourself. Yeah. But there's, there's a moment where you go, all right, I'm 24, I got, I got a good 70 years left in the tank.


You've got time. Oh yeah, Let's change track and do it in a way that doesn't implode our life. That's right. Especially when you've got a family. So that's why we say you wanna get the boat close to the dock. What we mean is do the thing that you really wanna do on the side and get it going. And then as you get better at it, you make more money doing it. Then it becomes clear what the path is gonna look like to make the jump. And by jump I I really mean like a little, A little baby step. A little baby step. If It feels like a giant leap of faith, it maybe not the right time. That Could be tough. So George, if you were not a YouTube radio host, live speaker extraordinaire, oh man, what would you be? Oh man. 17 things at once. That was my problem. You got choose one. I would probably be, I would run like an ad ad agency.


Oh. Coming up with really creative ads to reach people in creative ways. I Could see that. I could see That, you know, we're, we're doing a Super Bowl ad for Honda. Like it's gonna be out. I think just something with a lot of creativity with media that reaches a mass audience, which going Mad men on us. I'm doing that now. Just trying to help people get outta debt instead of getting into a Honda Odyssey. So it's a different life. I Like it. How about you Chef? That was easy. She knew and she'd be great at it 'cause she is great at it. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey it's Dr. John Delony. Look, when you're stressed about money, it makes everything feel out of control. You run around like a maniac trying to make sure everything's covered. Everybody's okay. I've been there. It's the worst. But you can flip the script with an EveryDollar budget. It helps you track spending and expenses in real time. So you always know what's happening with your money. Talk about a weight lifted off your shoulders. Start feeling in control of your money again. Download the EveryDollar app today for free.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. It's a show about you, your life, your money, your relationships, anything that matters to you. We are here to help. The phone number to call is triple eight eight two five five two two five.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Listen, we've all made money mistakes. So If, you have defaulted private student loans. We're not judging you, but we are saying you can do something about it. Contact Why Refi Why Refi was created for people in your exact situation. So go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be available in all states.


Okay, Today's question comes from Stella in Kansas. I can't help it. Stella Streetcar name, desire, no. Wow. Anyway, you were older than I thought. I have an old spirit. But anyway, today's question comes from Stella in Kansas. Our realtor is advising us to use some of our equity and our home towards buying down the interest rate on a new home that we're purchasing. Is it smart to do this instead of just putting all of the equity down into the new home? If not, is there another way that we can fund that we can fund bringing down the rate? So my first thought is you could go through and do the math on the points, but typically it's better to just take the money and add it to the down payment to bring down the payment and make it more affordable.


You know, typically if you can afford the house and you just don't like the rate, like if you can, you know if, if they're, I don't know what they're offering, you say they're offering you, I don't know, 6.9 or that would've been a while back, but Whatever, it's like six three now. So let 6.35, Let get it down to six or something like that. If you pay a few thousand bucks, well Let's say, let's, let's consider it before you buy it down. So let's say it's at 6.45, right? And you're like, we can afford this. I just hate the rate. Then we would say the whole idea here is you date the rate and marry the home. So get the house if you can afford it. And then later on you can refinance it. Now if there's something going on and the rate is what's keeping you from getting the home because you can't afford it under that rate.


And even with the down payment, I, you know, it's a slippery slope there. I, I like margin and I like knowing we can afford this and there's plenty of space here and all of that. So to buy it down it, I'm not gonna say this because I know it's not the case for some people, but there's a, it feels almost like a desperate move. It feels like I'm doing anything to get this house and I don't know that that's the case. But Well Using that I would check That using that same money as a down payment instead is also gonna bring down your IT overall payment. It's, so you're asking should we use some of the equity in our home? I'm wondering why don't you use all the equity in your home to use as a down payment on the next one?


That's what I would do. It's what I have done. I've never purchased points. I don't think it's worth it in most cases. Yeah, put It on the down payment. You've gotta Do a break even analysis to figure out, all right, if it costs me 2,400 bucks to buy down the mortgage by one point and that saves me 36 bucks a month, we'll divide that into each other. And that's 67 months. So it's five years and seven months it would take you just to break even just to make that 2,400 back in interest then you'll make that 36 bucks back a month. So I just, I don't think it's worth it for most people to wait six years to break even. Yeah. 'cause by then the rates will have probably fluctuated come down and you can refinance. Exactly. And do a break even analysis on that. So I, I would not do this. What I would do is I'd get with Churchill because one of the great things about Churchill is they're gonna form a relationship with you.


Churchill. Mortgage by the way. They're gonna form a relationship with you and they're gonna help you accomplish your goals the right way and the Ramsey way. So filter this through them and and make sure that you're just not painting yourself into a corner. I think that's the big thing here is to go, okay, this is an option but it doesn't mean it's my only option. And don't do anything out of desperation because we gotta get the House's. Absolutely. That's and they can help crunch those numbers. Exactly. Exactly. And do the break even with you and show you, hey listen, you can do this. It's gonna take five years to break even. Probably not worth it. And they'll, they'll shoot you straight and Make sure you understand the math. If you don't understand it, don't do it. Period's a good life. Just principle. Just principle. Right. Love it.


Alright, let's get to the phones. Gara is in Atlanta, Georgia up next. What's going on? Hi. So I've been listening to you guys for like a month now. I've just been trying to really figure out how to consolidate this debt that I've racked up from a previous marriage. It's about in about $50,000 worth of debt. 20,000 is due to a car that we just got prior to that. Most of it's credit cards. About 3000 in that. Also we're working on getting my husband's immigration paper. So that's like $2,300 plus lawyer fees is 1500 And.


we just had a baby in March so we're just getting a little overwhelmed and I'm just trying to figure out what would be the best way to do it. I just started back working to start helping. I work two days and I make between 200 and $300 a week and he makes about 800 to a thousand dollars a week depending on overtime. So I started applying to more jobs. I just am trying to figure out what would be the best option for, for us right now due to us not having a big support with childcare. That's the reason why I don't work more. So what would be a good idea for us? So in a good month you guys are bringing in $5,000 a month. Is that fair?


Did I get that? If he's, If he's doing overtime every weekend, I would say yes but there are some days where since I work off commission, I'm a mobile dog groomer. Okay. There are some days where I'm not making as much as I could be. There might be a week where I don't even get any appointments with who I work with. So What's a bad month for you guys? Tell me your lowest month that you've had A bad month I think would be probably anywhere between 1300. Ooh mama. So are y'all going into debt on those months to float your expenses? How are you? How have you been surviving? No. So before we did all this before we had to get the car, I always had like a rainy day fund of about like $5,000.


So we had to kind of use a lot of that. So two, we still have a kind of a rainy day fund that we actually really can't touch. I put up about $2,300 in two different certificates that is supposed to, I think it said grow with interest for 12. For 12 months. Yeah. Well you can pull that money. Yeah, but there'll supposed to be a penalty on the interest you earn. Okay. But so That gives you 4,600? It's about 2300 right now. That's the rainy day fund that I did not touch at all. And why did you have to get a a 20 plus thousand car Car? So when we first got the car, that's not what we bought. We didn't do our research a lot because we got it from someone in the family who works for a car dealership.


Oh my husband, my husband's car went cap put and it wasn't worth fixing. It's like a 2013, a hundred thousand miles and the transmission is out so the amount of money going into it wouldn't have been worth it. So we got another car so I would have to be able to get to and from work. So you owe 20,000 on it, It's 20,000 but y'all are gonna be upset 'cause I was listening to you guys, it's through Exeter Finance. Oh no. And that's the reason why I wanted to call you guys so bad. 'cause I heard Dave VA RAMSEY talk about it about two weeks ago on one of his podcasts. and I was like, I have to figure out a way to get out of this or do something. Yeah. For those of you, you who don't know, let, let me catch some up.


Gary on Exeter Finance, they are a subprime lender. So when you don't qualify for CarMax financing, they send you over to Exeter with a 29% interest rate on this car loan. And then they ding you for every extension and deferment you make. They'll add on fees at the end for a giant balloon payment that people can't afford. When Did you get the car? How long have you had it? I've only had it for three months. Okay, what's the car worth? It's worth between 16,000 shoot and 14,000. But when I'm done Is that private party value on Kelly Blue Book? No, that's when I initially bought it but when I looked it up it said between 14,000 and 16,000 when I did like different searches.


So And you didn't think spending 20 on a loan that wasn't a red flag at the time to go. It's only worth 14. I'm paying 20 And didn't you say a friend? No. Did you tell me a friend set you up with this? You said they work at the dealership, right? A family worked at the dealership. Yes. So they didn't, you know I'm not blaming anybody but myself. I got, I didn't do, I got you Research if I would have done like when I bought my first car that was paid off. But if I would've went somewhere Else, okay, we're coming on, we're coming on the break. We wanna give you some help here. If I were you, I take that money I, you told me you had two CDs for 2300. I take that money out and clear the difference, that $4,000 difference and then you and your husband need to save up cash super, super fast and buy yourself a $5,000 beater.


That's the only way you gotta get out of this car. Note and I know the payment is ridonculous, especially With this income. We gotta get the income up that is a one and that means he needs to work as much overtime. He probably needs to switch careers and you might need to go to work full-time and put the kid in daycare if that means you can make more as well. I'm so sorry Gary. This is not a fun place to be. Let us know if We can help. Call us back if you need Us help. This is The. Ramsey.


Show. Hey guys. Dave Ramsey here and I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you. Live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr. John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not wanna miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com


slash tour. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. You call us, we'll help you take the right next step for you and your


money. A reminder, Jade, the Ramsey cruise is upon us. It's almost sold out. We are setting sale March 22nd through the 29th. There's still a few cabins available and as I was looking at the site, the lineup keeps expanding. We keep adding more and more special guests and the one I'm most excited about is Trey Kennedy, one of my favorite comedians and online creators. He's gonna be doing standup on there. Of course we have all the Ramsey personalities, we've got music, we got magicians. I mean, what more could you want? All inclusive premium Caribbean crews. You got to join us. Book your cabin at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


cruise. Looking forward to that in March. Truthfully, selfishly, because I need a vacation. Jade, We can all use a vacation. George. I need some son. Look at how pale I am. I don't wanna look at it. That hurts. Don't look directly at It. No, I need a base tan before I hit hit this. Will you go to the tanning beds? I don't think I would ever go into a Tanning bed. Is that still thing? I feel like we know too much. Like science is out there telling us like, hey, maybe don't do that. That's worse than the direct sunlight. Yeah. Is that what they're saying? I'm hoping at 90, like I'm pale but I don't look leathery. You know what I mean? That's my goal at this point. You Don't want the leather, no leather. You don't wanna look like a catcher's mix. I'm Gonna wear a lot of leather, you know, leather. But I'm gonna like the fawns.


That's my goal. Good hair, leather jacket. Hey. Okay George, we gotta mix it up a little bit. Okay, let's do a, let's do a wild card here. Let's do A, I don't know where she's going with this y'all. Well, You know, we were talking, we were talking earlier a couple hours ago, And, we were talking about lifestyle creep. Yes. And. we were talking about how it's like, you know, you earn more money but you don't necessarily start buying a bunch of stuff. You don't necessarily increase your lifestyle like that. Or else you'll look up and go, what happened to all my margin? Or you won't be doing So it all started with me sitting down in my Amazon jeans and the zipper. Every time I sit down the, the zipper falls down and I'm like blast these cheap Amazon jeans I bought and I thought to myself, some things are worth if you can spend a little bit more, just creeping it up a little bit.


Get quality. Get quality. Yes. Over quantity. So the question I have for you as the wild card is what, is it worth it for you to spend? Just go ahead and spend the money on versus No, I will buy that cheaply and it's worth it. Oh, I, I jotted down a couple of thoughts here. Okay. My, my first thought is anything that my body sits on or lays on or my feet sit in. So shoes, yes. I'm not gonna be out here, you know, hurting. Yeah, because I got cheap shoes. Yeah. Mattress. That's a big one. Oh, Okay. We're going spendy. Yeah, you gotta spend money. We gotta be sleeping good now. There's a lot of mattresses now they come in a, you know, folded up in a box. That's Still fine. You, you can still have a good mattress out of a box.


Can you? But you gotta get one that isn't giving you back pain. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I'm with you. Mattress Matters. Toilet paper matters. And what's your brand? Charm and ultra strong. Okay. That's what the Camel Family rocks. Okay. I go for the, the Kirkland brand. That is basically the equivalent of that. Okay. It's the strong one. Yeah. Not the the soft one. The strong one. That's what I like. How about you? What do you, what, what is worth buying? Full price. Retail name brand. I think you have to spend money on your hair. Like if you're, if you're getting a haircut That's true. Like no Sport's clips, No great clips. Like you gotta spend money on a good haircut or good hair products. I know all about that. I spend more than my wife does on haircuts and it shows.


Okay. Not on her, on Me. I was gonna say, I was like, I'll let Whitney comment there, But you know women get their, their like a cut in color a few times a year. That's right. I'm out there every two weeks back at the barber seat. You see what's going on here George. I don't know how you do it. I don't do it. I go to somebody and I spend the money. So again, but you got A new look every week. I try. It's like you reinvent yourself. I try. That's, that's part of what we do here. Bread. Okay. I think you need to spend money and get quality bread. Quality Bread. Don't come come in here with Wonder Bread. No. Sarah Lee for You? No, Sarah Lee. Wow. Yeah, spend the money. Get yourself some nice bread, paper towels. That's a big one. Okay. I've tried the store brand paper towels ain't cutting it. Don't gimme No Viva Is it It's the one.


Yeah, I'm a bounty guy. A Bounty. It's hard to beat the quicker picker upper Again I go for the Kirkland brand. Yeah. Costco Kirkland Brand. It's that second best. But I've noticed there's a difference. Yeah. And definitely no, no jeans from Amazon. That was a mistake. And yes, I am gonna return these even though I've worn them for three hours. Wow. Amazon can be, you can find some good things on like Rachel Cruz loves her some Amazon clothes. I have yet and, and maybe you guys come tell me everything I bought from Amazon, I end up returning it just, I don't know if I choose it wrong or what, but yeah, It's, it's a personal problem too. Now what do you go cheap on? Pretty much Anything else? Things that again, I'm not ingesting or putting on or near my body. Okay. You know, I like That.


Okay. That's a rule of thumb. Don't Okay. Things that I'm not gonna use forever. Things that I don't expect to last a long time. I'm fine to get the cheaper brand. What's your, this is a tell all this is a wild card. Air Filters. Yeah. Sorry Dave. I, I, I went for it. Telling our producer. So tell me a wild card. Not Dave Ramsey. He's not in the booth. Just so you guys. Yeah. Dave Ramsey, the other Dave. So yeah, James is out today. So people wanna know what's the line item on your budget? That is, people would be shocked to know that this Exists. I, so I just did a YouTube video that will release soon from my channel on how I manage my money. Yeah. And it was legit like here's the camel family expenses and as I was laying it out I was like, what would be pe what would people be shocked by? The dogs really stood out to me if they knew like how much we spend on the high quality dog food that's like hypoallergenic the doggy daycare twice a week.


The dog grooming the mobile groomer that we get once a month. Okay. Wow. They would be like, you spend more on your dogs than your daughter. You know what I mean? So that one I think is the most shocking to me in our own budget. Okay. Okay. Our daughter would be next 'cause she's got the high-end European goat formula. Oh wow. So yeah, she goes all out Highend one but Whitney's pretty crunchy. She's pretty granola when it comes to that stuff. So she's looking at ingredients and she's pretty same uppity. Okay. George, thanks for refueling. How shoes In the Warshaw family? Fuck y'all Probably, yeah, the shoe budget is strong. What has gone awry recently is since I'm training for this race, I bought a lot of sneakers and I don't usually do that.


And so that's, I think that would be the shocker of what's going on there. Wow. I don't want to tell more about it because you will judge me. Shoes and dogs strongly. It's what we value. Shoes and dogs. Here's the thing, if it's in the budget, you're paying cash and it's what you value and you're not trying to impress anyone. Couldn't give a rip about your opinion about what I Spend. So the teaching here is lifestyle creep and I think there's a part that if you're doing better than you were, you do want to enjoy the fruit of your labor but you have to filter it through. Are you doing what makes you a financially responsible adult? So in this case, if we're talking about the baby steps, you're out of baby step two, you're out of baby step three, you are currently doing baby step four and as long as you're doing, you've done all that and you're investing your 15%, you know when it makes sense you're, you know, putting a little something away for your kids' college.


You're putting something away towards paying off the mortgage. Then I do think that there is an area of like, yeah alright I can, I can up that category a little bit. Or if you're looking to buy a house or you know change houses, you can say okay, like we can afford to do this a little bit more. Yes. So The problem is people go, well I can afford this next payment so therefore I'm gonna pick up another 50 grand in debt 'cause I can afford the $800 payment. That's how most people think And that's how lifestyle creep really takes over. It does take over. you have to be careful. A good friend one one time told me, he was like, you know, you in general, you should aim to keep your expenses low. Like truly as low as you can just because you never know. Like you never know.


That's what could happen. That's True. I think as you get older it becomes easier to just let go and stop caring what other people think. Yeah. That's truly the life hack. Yeah. That's a superpower to stop caring what other people think. 'cause you don't realize how much that actually affects the way you spend. That's True. I heard Rachel Cruz, this was a long time ago. I saw her do, this was before I worked here. I saw her do a post on social media and it was about the motivation behind what you buy. And basically the question she asked is, if you purchase something and no one would ever see it, if it was just you bought it, would you still buy it? Knowing that no one would ever see it. Ooh. And it really speaks to the motivation of why did I get that? Like did you buy that specific purse because you were thinking I want the reaction of these specific people or did you just buy it 'cause you like it?


That's true. Yeah. I think the healthier you are, the more self-respect you have. The more discipline, the less you just need more stuff. I think so too. I just haven't seen someone with a lot of stuff that I've been envious of. It just seems like an exhausting life. Look The stuff I Wanted and maybe I'm just an old man, I'm like a, I'm a boomer, I'm the youngest living boomer Jade, you're Not wrong George. The stuff I wanted when I was in debt, 'cause it was like I gotta have this but I can't have it. It's almost like, you know, you can't have it so you want it, but then when you're debt free you're like, why did I care about that? Mm. Well hey, that was fun pontificating with you to end this hour. If you're listening to the show on YouTuber podcast, it is about to end. But good news, we are continuing in The Ramsey Network app. So go finish the show there, download it in the app store, Google Play Ramsey Network app, search for it.


We get some good calls coming up in this next hour. You don't wanna miss it. You can also click the link in the show notes and we'll link you over there to go downloaded as well. Until next time, this has been The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing, ba b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.