
This is The Ramsey Show, where we help you win in life. We wanna help you win with your money. We want to help you win in your work, and we want you to win in your relationships. The phone number for your questions is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman, and I'm joined by the illustrious, the incomparable, the fabulous Jade Warshaw, ladies and gentlemen, how about that? I, I gave I three adjectives today. Listen, my eyebrows couldn't keep up. I was trying to keep Up with you. I like that. So we are here for you. Jade will take the lead on those money questions and then anything related to your work specifically, how do I make more income so we can get through these baby steps faster.


I wanna help you ideate on those questions. So give us a dial. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We started off in the A TL where April joins us. April, how can we help today? Hi. So my question is, do I sell my home to get out of debt and a bad marriage? Mm, maybe. Wow. Tell us, tell us more. Yeah. So I got married less than a year ago. I didn't know I was gonna be emotional. I got married less than a year ago, and I came to the marriage with debt. Okay. I have about $91,000 of debt that is not including the home. My home is worth about $180,000 positive.


So I have 180 in equity. Okay? My marriage has gotten progressively more toxic to the point of, of verbal threats of harm. It's already been emotionally and verbally abusive, but now there are threats of harm. So my question is, would it be a good idea to sell my home, to start over from scratch financially and to get out of this market? Well, let's start with the most important thing first, which is getting into a safe place and out of this marriage. That's, that's thing Number one. Do you have a plan in place that you're able to put into action immediately?


Yeah, somewhere I could go, like, always go to my mom's house. Yeah, you should because we live together. I could always go to my mom's house. I don't, I don't have a plan. I'm just confused at this point. I, I do think you need to go to your mom's house because any man that would make a threat to physically harm you, you can't stay there tonight. Right. Yeah. And I'm sorry, I'm so, I'm so, so, so, so sorry. This was not what you pictured when you said I do. No one pictures that, right? No. Okay. Deep breath for both of us. All right. You're gonna mom's house tonight and we're gonna come up with a plan that you can move out, be on your own and feel like you have some confidence.


Yes. Yeah. Okay. So let's talk about what you're earning. What, what are you bringing in every month As little as 6,000? I'm in commissions. Okay. I get paid commissions, so as little as 6,000. As much as 10. Okay. Six to 10. What do you do? Car sales. Okay. Good job. Alright, so can you kind of go through this $91,000 of debt with me just so I can get a handle on what it is? Can you kind of itemize it for me? Yeah. Yeah. So around 50,000 in student loans, about 10,000 in a personal loan.


2050 student loans, 10,000 personal loans, $6,000 on a car. Okay. And 25 on credit cards. Okay. 25,000 or 20 500,000 Thousand. Okay. Yeah, I haven't made great choices on, Is this in your name or his name? Both of your names. this Is that I brought. Okay. And do you guys currently share your finances? Like are you sharing bank accounts? Are you sharing that sort of thing? Not anymore. We tried the financial piece university as soon as it came time to put it in act, he immediately put our joint account in the negative, so I don't contribute to that account anymore. Okay. So for all intents and purposes, you're separate?


Yes. Okay. Okay. So tell me about the living situation. Are you guys renters, do you own a house together? Tell me about that. He owns his own home, which he's renting out. And I own my own home that we live in. Which is the one you told us you had the equity in? Correct. Okay, So it's your home. Yeah. So you can, you can, it's as e when I say it's as easy, it's not easy, but you can ask him to move out. Right. Okay. Okay. So head back around this. Okay, so what about savings? Do you have any savings? No. I'm in a financial distress, which I haven't experienced since I was very young.


Okay. And to be married and experiencing it now is crazy. Are you behind on anything? No. Okay. No. I had to think about that for a second. No, everything's current. Okay. That's a good place. So the good news is, the good news is in this way you're not really beholden to anybody. You're not dependent in, in the way that this is his house or you're, you know, you have a level of independence here that's in this case. Good. And at this point, really it's just, if you're talking about the financial side, it's you walking the baby steps like anybody else. The good news is, I think you have a good income, you know, obviously it's better when you make 10,000 in a month, but there might be the situation where you can add to that inside hustles.


Do you have any children or do you guys have any kids together? No, kids together. I have a child in college and I'm paying for him to breathe, basically. Okay. Okay. But no, no little kids. Nobody at home that needs your time. No. So for you, the name of the game, I mean, it's twofold, just like we would tell anybody else, we're looking for ways to get the income up, whether that's you side hustling, maybe you can take on more time at the dealership, whatever that looks like, that makes sense for you. And then it's bringing the in expenses down. So that's what we're looking at. And at the end of the day, we're taking these debts smallest to largest. Right, Ken? I mean, $6,000 car first. Yeah, absolutely. So you get some momentum. But I, I think in conjunction with, with what's going on here, I think because you own the home that you guys are currently living in, I think we gotta play serious, play serious with this guy.


And I think you have to say, you're never gonna threaten me again, or I'm calling the authorities, I'm going to my mom's house until you move out. And this can all be pressed pause on if you agree to go to counseling. But, but at this point, when a man threatens you, I think he's gone way too far. And I would call him out on it and say, never again. You made your last threat. Now, if you want to go get some therapy and you want to, we, we can sit down with a professional where you feel safe. Right. But I agree with what Jade said, but I would, I would let him know that I'm moving to protect myself and I'm giving you x amount of days to get all your stuff out.


And the next time I see you, we'll be in divorce proceedings unless you're willing to sit down and, and try to rescue this marriage. 'cause I always love the idea of let's try that. We'll see if this guy's the real deal when you come to that. But I think at this point you have to play hardball with him and say, this is my home. I'm in debt, as you said, I'm in financial distress. So in this case, Jade answering the initial question, I don't think you have to sell this house, but I think that if this house represents a lot of pain and this thing does go the routes of divorce, it might not be a bad idea to sell it start fresh anyway. So you have some good mojo in the next house as you get healthy. But not, neither one of us are saying, you have to sell this house, you make pretty good money.


Yeah. And I think Jade's right. I think if you just get serious and take care of yourself, and this is part of it, I think you can walk this out and you make really good money. I think you have some extra motivation right now to sell as many cars as possible. Yeah. So, And hey, don't keep this a secret. A lot of people would keep this a secret. Make sure you get some good girlfriends around you. this is the time if you got brothers, call up your brothers, call up your dad, call up your grandfather, call up your pastor. These are times where you don't, you let people know what's going on and that you need help and that you need people around you and let them help you and be there with you when you confront this person for the first time. Yeah. Thank you so much for the call. We're rooting for you. this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz here to tell you about a faith-based alternative to health insurance that can make healthcare more affordable. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM allows members to share each other's healthcare costs. And it's as easy as 1, 2, 3, step one, choose the healthcare provider you want. Step two, submit your eligible bills. And step three, get reimbursed. CHM members take care of your eligible medical bills with no network and the freedom to choose your healthcare provider. chm is the best option for Christians who wanna take care of their families and help other believers Find out more at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number, triple eight eight two five five two two five. Wanna help you win with your money, win with your work and income and, and winning your relationships. Jade Warsaw joins me. I'm Ken Coleman. We're thrilled to have you. And Jade, my note said it's it's time. You've got the, you've got the details there. So I'm gonna bring you in here on this because you are a person who has done how many cruises, like how many cruises have you been on? Probably couldn't give you a number, but I know. Yes. I can tell you I, oh gosh, X amount of how many cruises per year? For how many years? Well, I did about, oh gosh, I probably did about 30, like about 40 weeks a year for a long time.


So, okay, so How many years would you Say? A decade? So four minimum, minimum 400 cruises. Well, no, because you can go on for like, I would go on for like three days and leave and then go on another one and five days and leave. Oh, all right. So I'm gonna double it. 800 cruises. I've been to 92 countries, Kim. Yeah. And you are a professional singer. Yeah. And, and so when you hear about the live, like no one else cruise, are you like, are you serious? I can't get away. I've been on the land for a long time. Now you're back and it's gonna be a lot of fun. It's Gonna be fun.


Listen, this is, this one's gonna be Different. But you're speaking this time. Yes. You're not singing, I'm not unless you decide to spontaneously lead the crowd on in some type of thing. But Play us a song piano man. I'm just kidding there. It's, I would never It's, but you're gonna be speaking along with Dave Ramsey, myself. That's right. John Delony. Yeah. Seven Rachel Cruz George Kamel seven days, seven days at sea. Yeah. March 22nd through 29th. this is coming up next year. Duh. And we'll be stopping in Ken Turks and Caicos. I'm excited about that one. St. Thomas. Love that. Puerto Rico Love that country. The Bahamas well territory. Yes. A territory there. And here's the thing, we are starting to see cabins running low. So if you wanna do any type of VIP upgrade, those are basically sold out. So if you're even trying to pick up a cabin, you need to log on now to do that. If you want one with an ocean view, you need to get your deposit in. Now the deposit is 600 bucks. So for anybody thinking, man, I gotta pay for the whole thing at upfront. It's not really like that. You know, you pay 600 bucks and then at the next appointed time, you pay the other money. So that's the way it works. You can book your cabin today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise and we'll be there. Yeah, it's gonna be fun. So we'll be there. Make your decision now. And again, these are for people that are in baby steps. 4, 5, 6. Yes. And seven, obviously that is right. So if you're not there, sorry. But now you have a little extra motivation beyond all your other dreams and goals as well. That's right. So gonna be a lot of fun. Gonna sell out. And I gotta see if I can get that, the captain's hat from Gilligan. I have a couple, but I wanna to get it on Dave at some point. I wanna to get him to put it on without like frowning at me or shouting an insult. He might frown at you. I could definitely see That. I, but I think, I think, I think people wanna see that they do. So I'm gonna get my hands on one of those and get him to through Crowd pressure. Yeah, put that on. I expect to see you in a captain's hat kid. Well That's easy. You're gonna Be in linen, trust me. You're gonna be in your Uncle Cage sandals. I'm gonna look like I stepped out of the J Crew Ralph Spring edition of the catalog. There's no question about it. I've already got two different types of deck shoes I'll be wearing. Wow. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So, well you, I mean, win in Rome, you know.


Well my copy here says that we've got big news. And It said that the big news was the live, like no one else cruise, but I know about some other big news. Ken, it's your birthday. Oh, I, you did it to me. It's, I didn't know where you were going at first. It's your birthday guys. It's today's, it's Ken Coleman, Kenneth Wayne Coleman. It is his birthday. He is turning, go ahead. 40 for the second time in 10 years, also known as 50. Yeah, I, you know what? Men are not ashamed of this, folks. I'm 50 today, the big five. Oh, Ken, keep doing what you're doing. I'm trying. It's the moisturizer. You're making it look good kid. It's the moisturizer all you do that. But thank you. Yes, thank you Jade. You'll have to sing to me later today. I've gotta get that you, Whitney Houston style.


Can you do that after the show? Save a little bit. I'll save the break. Save a little bit for the gathering. Okay. Alright. So fun. Yes. Can't believe I'm 50 James. It got here a lot faster than I thought. I never thought you were a day over 35. Ken. Thank You. Well the Botox helps. Alright. Columbus, Ohio is where we go. Amy is waiting for us. Amy, we help. Hi. I'm wondering if I should take a job offer from a approach from a company. This would be about $30,000 more. However, the schedule wouldn't be as great or if I should stay with my current company who I just started with in May for a better schedule. Okay. So if I'm hearing this right, this is as simple as better pay versus better schedule.


Is that about right? You are correct. And which way are you leaning? Before you called us It was so hard. Of course I, I love the personal time. This $30,000 raise would also bring more opportunities for growth later. It is a leadership position, so of course there's the responsibility of that. Yeah. Yeah. And how do you feel about that part of it? I enjoy helping people and I enjoy guiding people of course. Good. It's completely different when you're the person that's always Yeah. The one that someone's looking towards. So yeah, it's, it would, it's definitely intimidating and I think that's the biggest part I'm intimidated and I don't know.


Okay. If it's the right move. So, so that's probably more of a factor than the schedule issue, correct. Quite possibly. Yeah. It's scary. Have you ever led before, been in any type of supervisor role before? I have. For a short period, yes. And how did you do? How would you grade yourself? I especially since I was very new at it, I did well yeah, probably about a B because of course there's al always room for growth. but yeah, I Good for you people. People said that they yeah, enjoyed what I did and enjoyed helping. Yeah. Or they enjoyed me helping them. Excuse me. What if I told you that you could be a really great leader if you just asked two questions every week?


Would you believe me? I would try to. Okay, so I'm gonna give you two questions. I wanna address this and then let's get to your decision. But real quick, I just want to take the fear factor outta leadership. And It is intimidating by the way, and that's a very natural to feel. But if you were to boil leadership down to two basic actions, I believe it takes away the the intimidation factor. And I think it's gonna make you extremely effective. And here are the two questions, and this is for your direct reports. And I think you do this on a weekly basis. The first question is, how are you doing that is not a greeting in the hallway. how are you doing? It is a look 'em in the eye and go, Hey, how are you doing? Everything good? And you should know enough about them to where you can just lean in and we're not talking about getting up in their business, we're talking about what little bit they share.


They'll begin to share more over time. But how are you doing as a person? Okay, I heard your dog was sick. Or where it is that your mom's going through something, you know, whatever they're sharing, you've heard it and you lean in as a person to say, how are you doing to let them know that you care? The more you ask that question, the more they will know you care and the more they will trust you. Which leads to the second question and they will be willing to answer the second question, the more they give you answers on the first one. And the second question is, how can I help you win? Okay? And that is, people wanna know that their leaders know what they're dealing with. Do they have the resources? Do they have the time? Are you tuned into what's going on in their job?


If you an, if you ask those questions on a weekly basis, over time you will develop unbelievable communication and trust through the transparency that's going on with those two questions. You got it? Yes. Now that will make you a really effective leader, I promise you. Okay. Now let's just talk about the decision. The long term is what I was gonna ask you about and you already gave us that answer. So you said, this job with more money also gives me more opportunity. Long-term for me, I'm gonna go with the long-term opportunity. As long as the new schedule change isn't some type of massive, massive disruption that would make my family life such a dumpster fire, jade, that it wouldn't be worth the long-term opportunity in the short-term pay.


What do you think? I Agree with you wholeheartedly. So is that the case then, Amy? Will the new schedule be super negative or disruptive to your personal life? It would be somewhat of a disruption. this is, if I could say it's for hospice and my availability would have to be pretty much 24 7 for a short period of time. At least a year until we get full staff on board. Because of course things can happen in an instant. That would mean I'm missing holidays as well. So here's the deal. Can you do that for a year for the payoff? I think I would like to. Well then I think you got your answer. We never get to answer these questions.


Our job is to poke around, tell you what we think. That's good. But, but I, I think you're ready to take this new role and I think for a year you and your family can step up. By the way Jade, I'll give you the last word on this. We got about 30 seconds. I think it's all in how she communicates this to all the family members that will be affected. I agree. They can kind of jump in and support and Yeah, I think so. Understanding it's a short, like we always say short term sacrifice, long term gain. Yeah. I love it. Alright, so we are in agreement. Go for it. Stack that extra cash. I like that $30,000 bump And, what that can do major in the short term to set you up for the long term as well. Don't move more of your calls coming up. this is The, Ramsey, Show.


I've got some good news and some bad news. The good news is the people have started buying life insurance to protect their families at levels not seen since the 1980s. The bad news is many of them are still buying crappy cash value type plans. I don't care what you call them. Whole life, universal variable, adjustable, flexible, they're nothing but a waste of your money. Don't be confused and let someone sell you a plan that sounds better than it really is. Look, term life is the only way to go. Rates are back to all time lows and the process to apply is easier than ever with many companies no longer requiring exams. You need to protect your family and use your money for as much smarter things than investing in a rip-off cash value insurance policy. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 and just compare pricing. You'll see why these are the only plans I recommend. Take care of your family and do it in a smarter way.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw joins me. the phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five triple eight eight two five five two two five. Let's go to Indianapolis, Indiana where Zachary joins us. Zachary, how can we help today? Hi, how are you guys? We're doing great. What's going on? So I'll cut to the chase Monday. I lost my house in the house. Fire what for at least four months. Yeah. Oh my gosh. What Do you What do you mean at least for four months? What it was it total? It was, it was contained to one room thankfully. But we had a lot of stuff in that room that the room is completely gone.


They have to completely gut it and reconstructed I guess. Okay. Nobody was hurt? No. Okay. The dog was inside but oh gosh. Thankfully they got him out. Okay. Okay. So pup is okay. And when you say it's only one room, is that downstairs? Upstairs? What was in the room? It was our downstairs master bedroom. Oh no, we were actually supposed to sell the house four days prior. Well four days after the fire had happened. Oh my gosh. But that's not happening anymore. Right. So thankfully like a lot of my stuff was packed up and ready to go. But like my wife's entire wardrobe. Oh everything like our our our bed, our newborn son's bed and everything Is oh my gosh.


Really gone. Where were you guys when this happened? I was an hour away at work and my wife was at work. Oh my gosh. And that your newborn son, He was at grandparents. Oh My gosh. Thank goodness. But the Rest of the house is okay. Yes, my stepdad was driving by when it started to smoke really bad so he caught it. So What happened? What caused the fire? Do they know? It was one of the outlets by our bed. They're not exactly sure, but they think maybe a wire came loose and like touched the insulation or something. Or a mouse shoot on it. Oh my. That is crazy. Well I'm so glad everybody's okay.


Well a couple of things to be grateful for obviously. Yeah, definitely. You guys weren't there, your wife was not there. Your baby son. The dog is okay. My goodness. And your Father-in-law's driving by. Yeah And I love that. And again, grateful that it's just the room and four months from now you've got a rebuilt master. Now I know all of the other things that come with that are awful but, but it all things being equal. this is, you dodged a major, major crisis. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Definitely. Alright, So how can we help today? So we were planning on selling the house because my wife bought it before me and her were ever together. And It is a nightmare of a house. Foundation issues and everything Else. Electrical issues.


Yeah. So we were really wanting to get out of it. We were buying a new house closer to my parents and it's a lot nicer house. But did You already make the offer? Yeah, but we were doing a contingency buy. Got it. Okay, good. We're probably gonna lose that house now that we have to wait another four months. Yeah, we have just started the 80 steps. We've got about $85,000 in consumer debt. Okay. We don't have much savings, especially after the fire now and then. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What have you, what have, have you been doing?


Yeah, We, we just started it. So we had the emergency fund but now with the fire and stuff we The thousand dollars emergency fund or Yeah. Yeah, a thousand dollars. Okay. So here's what I think. So where are you staying right now? Right now we're at my parents'. Okay, you're at your parents'. You've blown through most of your a thousand dollars. What do you have left? Right now we've got, I wanna say, well she actually made an ex extra car payment so we're waiting for that to come back. But we'll have about 13 in our account. But we have bills and everything and I do a ton of driving for work.


So I have to leave at least five to 600 in there for gas. Okay. So, okay. Is Insurance gonna cover the total rebuild or is there gonna be more cash? You're gonna have to come up. Yeah, they're gonna cover it but they are kind of dragging their feet so. Right, Okay. I think you're a little new to the baby steps and so I kind of wanna reset and get everything on on so that you and I are at least on the same footing kind of going forward. I hate that this happened to your house and I hate that you guys had a plan and this just threw wrenches all up in that plan. However, in one way, like Ken said, you dodged several bullets here and I'm gonna add another bullet to the list that I believe that you, that you dodged.


Now looking at your financial situation, fire aside now was not the time for you guys to buy a house. Yes, I agree. You know, I originally wanted to rent, but we live in a small town and leaving the town is not an option for us because of my wife's work and that's where our babysitting situation is located and they, there is no places to rent that. Would it be the same amount as what our mortgage was going to be. Okay. That has the space for two kids, us and a dog that allows dogs. There was one place that was available and we applied and we got denied because of our credit.


And then, and then it went off the market like a week later. So, So, okay. So to address that, unless you were going to, unless by selling this house, let's pretend the fire didn't happen for a minute, unless you're gonna have this, this huge amount of equity that was gonna allow you to get into the next house and pay off, you know, this debt or something like that. That would've been the only way it would've worked out. And if you had called us prior to that, I would've said, you just gotta keep looking, look for the right rental 'cause something will come on the market. That's what I would've said to you in that situation. But where you're at now is, okay, insurance is gonna cover the rebuild of the master bedroom. You know, you guys are in a place that, you know, hopefully you're not spending a whole lot staying with family, but you are gonna spend some, but you still got, you know, yeah, you're still working so the income is coming in there, we've gotta prioritize this debt and yeah, that's gotta be the Number one thing because technically Zachary, when you go to buy a house, you want all of your debt paid off, then you want to have saved up three to six months of expenses.


That's not talking about a down payment, that's just you having money. You know when you move into this house and then it's like, okay, I need a down payment. So you guys were quite far from being there when you sold the house, what was it gonna bring? We were gonna get about 15,000 in equity and then my sister was also going to give a gift for a down payment as well to help us with That. Okay. And when you got that gift from your sister, what percentage wise was that gonna be towards your next down payment? We were gonna be using an FHA loan, but it was going to be roughly 12 to 15. Yeah. Yeah. I, I think in many ways this was a blessing in disguise.


'cause I think you guys are about to get in way too deep. You always wanna make sure that you're putting at least 5% down on a house. You wanna make sure it's no more than 25% of your take home pay. These are the things you wanna make sure of. And going forward now is just not the time. And hopefully what I would do, what I would do for you guys, if the house that you're in is a nightmare, obviously there's electrical things that need to be fixed. Obviously there's other things, those are things that you might have to shell out some money to fix in the meantime because the solution and can we see it all the time? My car broke down, I'm just going to trade that in and trade up and get a new car with payments. Right? Right. Yeah. Because we don't have the $2,000 to fix it. So we get a $20,000 car. Right. Right. And the worst, I said this to Dave on Friday, the worst thing is, and I'm not saying that this is you, but you buy a $500,000 house but the AC breaks and you don't have $5,000 to fix it.


Yeah. Right? That's right. Yeah. Happens all the time. So push, push, pause on home buying, it's not the time. Yeah. Rebuild, get your life back on, on, on track. Get the things fixed in the home that's gonna make it a safe place for you to live. And that's Right. And hey, let's look at the positive on this. I think Jade's right? And I think I'm gonna give you just a little bit of a, I think hopefully a little mindset hack here. You know, you get a new master bedroom, hey, you know, in the sense of, you know, did you lose some stuff? Yes. That stinks. She lost her wardrobe. That's awful. Yeah. All those things are just awful. But baby safe, dog safe. You're safe. You know what, you had a really old master bedroom, now you get a new master bedroom. And I, I, I like Jade's pressing pause right here and just kind of going, you know what?


Life just threw us a curve ball. But what, let's hit the curve. Yeah, yeah. You Know, like I know, I know, you know, I'm, I'm stuck in this baseball metaphor, but stay with me. You know, curve balls are meant to strike people out. Come on dude. But lemme tell you something. Really good hitters know how to hit a curve. And if you hang a curve, these people put it out of the park, they smash it. And I think right now, I think through the coaching you just got from Coach Jade over here, I think you guys can take this, this curve ball that life threw at you and you absolutely hit a grand slam and come out of this thing way better off. So please listen to what she said. I I think she's absolutely right. And I think you guys got a second chance. Not fun.


Not fun how you got it. But nonetheless, a second chance. So there you go. Alright, don't move. She's Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. We're here for you. this is The Ramsey Show.


Don't rely on politicians or the healthcare system to do what you can do for yourself. We teach personal responsibility on The Ramsey Show. And that's why I'm excited to tell you how you can take your family's health into your own hands. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company, I got mine. And I can tell you this is not some rinky-dink first aid kit with band-aids. It comes with real prescriptions prepared by leading doctors to treat over 30 common illnesses. This kit can treat infections like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and bronchitis because you have the prescriptions on hand, like a z-pack, amoxicillin or ivermectin. And if you start your meds faster, you get well faster. The kit gives you peace of mind. No doctor visits, no pharmacy lines, no copays. Wellness company medical emergency kits help put you in control of your family's health. So go to urgent care kit.com/ramsey, answer a few online questions and get your kit rushed to your door. Use the promo code Ramsey for a 15% discount at checkout. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey promo code Ramsey,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw joins me. the phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Chad is joining us now in Sue City, Iowa. Chad, how can we help today? Hi Ken. Hi Jade. Nice to talk to you. I'm calling just 'cause I'd like to know if it would be wise to convert a 401k to a Roth. Ah, okay. That's a good question to ask. So are you moving jobs? Is that what's causing You to not moving jobs? I'm 50, I'm, I'm 53. My wife's 52. Okay. Kind of got into this late in the game. We have about 560,000 total in investments.


Okay. In mutual funds between 4 57 at my work she has two IRAs and then I have a Roth I was looking to to convert her IRA into a Roth. How much is It in that? 170,000. Okay. What, so here we work through a series of baby steps. I'm not sure how familiar you are with them, but technically pretty familiar. Okay. So do you guys have any debt? No debt. No debt. Okay. What about the house Houses are paid? Okay. Yeah, if you wanna start that process, I would say yes. The only caveat to that is obviously if you're in baby step two, we don't want you to do that because you're gonna be on the hook for the taxes and you know that money can be used otherwise if you're on baby step two.


But for you guys, it seems like the right move. Are you working with a tax guide or anybody to help you in that area? Yeah, I, I do have those people in place. I kind of wanted to get your guys' opinion before I went and actually, and, and spoke to them about it. Yeah. If, if I were in your shoes, I would start trying to make that move. I mean, I don't know if you listened to a few days back, but we had a guy who, he had amassed such a, a wealth $8 million, but it was all in traditional funds and so he was just getting nailed with, you know, required minimum distributions. And so there is a part of this where you do need to begin making that, that transfer over to Roth. And I think that you need to work with a Ramsey trusted pro in order to do that.


Somebody to help you with the tax side of it and somebody to help you with the investment side of it. So if you need that, we'll make sure that Christian picks up and gives you that. But if you're asking if now is the time, my answer is yes. Yeah, I agree. I I I don't disagree because of the way you walked it through. I mean, we've got the baby steps and again, the timing on this, this is why our formula matters. It matters big time. And that's why we always say match beats, Roth Beats traditional. Right? Like we want you investing where there's free money. But at the end of the day, the Roth is Yeah. I mean, yeah, the whole point is when you go into those retirement years, A you don't wanna be taking, having to pay taxes on what you're pulling out of there. That's right. And b, if you do amass the type of wealth that we hope that you do, if you're in traditional and you're having to take those required minimum distributions, you're paying taxes on that.


That's right. And that has the ability, depending on how well you've done to boost you up in some tax brackets. So textbook yes on this one. And I love how you walked him through that. So our new audience, make sure you're paying attention there as to the why by why it's a yes for Chad. Yes. 'cause for some it's not. So really, really good review there. Yeah. Let's go to Tampa, Florida now. And Valerie is joining us there. Valerie, how can we help? Hi. So I'm calling in. I'll be, but you know my age, I'm, my husband will be 24 and he's planning, going to law school. Both have our undergrad and as he is going to law school, we're wanting to have kids.


Like, we wanna have like a big family, like from four to six kids. And we realize that we probably shouldn't be waiting till after he's done to start having kids. So then my question is, is like he's going back to school. He obviously won't be making money 'cause he'll be in school for three years. And then what would you recommend I do? Should I take out like loans for like housing and, and expenses? No. And like food? No. Or should I work through Yes. Law school and send my kids to daycare? Well First of all, we don't have any kids yet, right? No, but like I'm definitely planning. So hold, hold on, hold on, hold on. Alright, so I'm stepping in here real quick 'cause I'm gonna play old man because I'm 50 today, Valerie.


So I'm feeling extra wise. Okay. I got a good night's sleep and I wanna, I wanna start off with this and then I want Jade to, she doesn no problem taking issue with me if she disagrees. But I hear, I hear some things that 50-year-old Ken says, slow your role, youngster. All right, let me just go through a couple things. How old are you and your husband and how long have you been married? 24. And we're three and a half years. Three and a half years in. Okay. And so if we start trying to have kiddos today, there are no guarantees that we're gonna have 'em in the timeline that we want. Would you agree with that statement, Valerie? Yeah, correct. But also he is, he's gonna be going law school in fall of 2025.


Doesn't matter. I, this is my timeline. You follow me? Don't jump off the timeline, Valerie. I see what you're trying to do. I'm going somewhere with this. You have no idea that you guys are gonna get pregnant when you wanna to get pregnant. You have no clue. Okay, so he's going to law school when? Starting in the fall. Couple weeks. Yeah. Fall of 2025. Oh, fall of 2025. So he's got a year to work. Yes. Yes, yes he does. All right. And I have another, another suggestion here in a second. Here's my point. You are asking if you should take out loans for something that may not be absolutely in need. You, you, you could be working full-time and not have kids stacking cash, cutting your expenses.


And so I think this is a bad idea to even consider it because, because here's, here's what I know about law school. Where is he going And, what is it gonna cost? So he is going to, it's in St. Pete and he's planning, getting a full ride scholarship. Great. That was my great. So yeah, so why would we need money? Why would we need student loans if he's getting a full ride? Did you say he's planning to get or he's getting Yeah, he's planning on getting, like based on his LSAT score. And what? Absolutely. And What his, all of his things he got. Yep. He should be getting a full ride. Perfect. You know, for whatever reason. If he doesn't and we'll have to pay whatever. But anyway, so yeah, my question is if, but like, you know, preventative, if we are in law school and like I'm, I'm pregnant, like what, what would you recommend?


Like would you recommend, you know, mom going to work, putting kid in daycare? No, no, I wasn't finished. Valerie. Valerie, I wasn't finished. Sorry Jake. No, go ahead Kim. I'm gonna say this. You should not be trying to have kids. You're 24 get through law school. It's two years max, right? No, it's not. It's three years piece. Who Cares? So three years of peace, you're seven. Stop this nonsense. Stop it, stop it. It is not smart in this situation for you to be planning to have kids right now. Just chill out until you get the cash to be able to have kids. or you have a budget where you can have kids. Don't walk yourself into a student loan because you think you got a mama timeline.


Stop. It's not smart, Jade. Yeah, well I'm planning having like four to six kids. I don't care. Okay. I Planned to dunk a basketball when I was 16. It didn't work out. Okay. Here's the thing. Listen, Ken is, Ken is, Yeah, I'm not gonna wait till I'm old to start trying Not. No, you don't have any control Over, you don't even have to wait till you're old. Let me just throw it to you like this mo mom to future mom. A there's a couple of things here. It, there is a, there is something, there's something, it's important to plan, okay? All I'm saying is you have the ability to make a great plan here and to create as much of a situation where you're setting yourself up for success as possible. To Ken's point, you do have plenty of time.


That's Number one. But then we have to be aware of the things that we can control. A, you might get, listen, I hope you have six very wonderful pregnancies and they happen exactly when you want 'em to. But there is a part of this where listen, the somebody threw the cards up in the air and you don't know where they're gonna land. So I love that you're planning do, if you're planning, then let's plan away where you're not going into debt. That's all I ask. Yes. We're planning for a way that allows us to have the life that we want where we're not going into debt. Two, the other huge variable in this Valerie that you're forgetting about is once these babies come out of you, you don't know what you're gonna want. You might suddenly be like, practice law. What was I thinking? I wanna stay home with these babies or I wanna do part-time or I wanna homeschool him.


My husband's, my husband's A lawyer. And so that right there, knowing that variable is a huge, I not that I had to give you any more reasons not to go into debt. But the worst thing ever would be if you went into debt to get a degree and then you hardly used it for the next I I'm not 18 years, I I'm Sorry I'm not going to law school. Did we? Did We? No, no. We know you're not. We know you're not. Oh, I Thought she was Going too. No she's not. Okay. Well still no, it's her husband. Here's the deal. Still Valerie, you've, I think Valerie, I think you've decided that you think it's okay because he's gonna be a hot shot lawyer and he's gonna be able to pay the loan back. Sorry, you called the wrong show today. I don't think you need to do this at all. No, he needs to work like crazy. Six kids and save up money.


Good grief. Alright, I gotta go rest. I gotta rest too. We'll be back. this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey folks, Dave here and I know some of you listening to the show waiting for a call that answers your specific question. Maybe you need help with budgeting or investing or saving your emergency fund. But wouldn't it be great if you could get the answers you need right when you need them? Well I got great news for you 'cause you can, when you download the Ramsey Network app, you get our advanced AI search that lets you easily find the calls that matter to you. You can also browse by topic to find answers for the exact things you need help with. That means you don't have to simply hope the next call will be the one you've been waiting for because the Ramsey Network app lets you have control. And with over 7,000 hours of life-changing content, the Ramsey Network app is the best place to find the answers your listening for. to get access to personalized content for free, just search Ramsey Network in the app store today.


This is The Ramsey Show, thrilled to have you with us. We're here to help you win in your life. We want you to win with your money. We want you to win in your work. We want you to win with your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is with you. We're gonna take your questions about your money and your income today. That's kind of our focus. But you know, you call, we'll, we'll we'll talk to you about whatever you want to talk about. Boy, it's been a weekend, hasn't it? In the news. Woo Woo. I mean I feel like the last three weeks, it's just been one headline after the next yers. I think it's gonna be like, you know, like Buckle. Where Were you? I Know where were you when the towers fell? Where were You?


Right, in the 2024 election. Yeah. Yeah. Where Were you when the announcement was made? Really? Okay, nevermind. No dang king. Tell You to, I'll tell you, I can see James rolling his eyes here. I'm still a man of the people, but if you must know, I was in a, I was in a spa treatment for my birthday and true story, it has a show connection. James is a true story. I got out of my, my lovely wife got me a spa treatment. I, I enjoy massage. Okay? And so I come out of my massage, I walk into the locker room, yeah. And I open up and I grab my phone and I see texts from Rachel Cruz and Dr. John Delony. Wow. Just stack like six messages. I was late to the party, they broke the news for me.


Wow. And I was trying to play catch up. So there you go. There you go. There You go. In case you don't know what we're talking about is President Biden. Is there anybody on the planet that doesn't know about That? Somebody, somebody doesn't Know? That's what we're talking about. Anyway, the news got to me that way and I was, I was a little groggy, so it took me a second to process it. But Rachel Cruz, by the way, is always Rachel breaking news Cruise is what I call her. That's, yeah. She has got her finger on the pulse of what's going on in the world and, and has a great opinion about it all. Alright, to the phones we go Triple eight eight two five five two two five. David joins us in Chicago. David, how can we help? Hey guys, how are you? Good, how Are you sir?


I'm doing okay. I'm recently divorced and I've been left with a 401k from my employer that has 160,000 in it. Currently also currently contributing 15% to it. And I get a 3% match and I have a HSA with a hundred thousand dollars in it. I have no debt, no loans, no car payments, nothing. I gross a hundred thousand a year after taxes. I'm bringing in 4,300 a month and I have 2,800 a month in expenses. So if everything's good with the kids, usually I'll probably be saving anywhere between a thousand to 1500 a month.


I'm 46 years old. The goal was to have a retirement of 2 million and I also need to buy a house I'm currently renting. So at my age, I don't know how feasible this is anymore, but I'm just curious, do I need to get a side hustle? Am I currently having an income problem now because of my age with what my goals are? I, I don't know what to do. I don't hear a lot of issues. Okay, let me run it back and make sure I didn't miss anything. You got 160 K and you're 401k where you're doing baby step four and you're contributing that you got a 3% match. That's great. You got a hundred thousand stashed away. Part of that is an emergency, a fully funded emergency fund and part of it is earmarked, I guess for whatever you want. You're making a hundred thousand a year when you're taking home, what you're actually taking home is 4,300 a month and you wanna buy a house.


Where's the problem? He wants to know if, if he can get to 2 million that you got a 2 million. I don't Know. I don't, yeah, I don't know if I'm gonna be able to get to the, the 2 million retirement goal based on my age right now. The house. I can How old are you? Can I can take, I'm 46. Okay. 46. All right. Yeah. this is your calculator. She loves her investment calculator. So while she's pulling this up, David, do you anticipate getting a raise, making more money or in your current situation, do you feel like you can through reasonable activities, right, extra work, maybe some, again, getting promoted, pivoting maybe. Do you feel like you could contribute way more than you are now?


That's a great question because I'm currently, I'm in finance. I am new to finance. I went back and got a master's degree and got a finance degree. So where I'm at right now, I just received a promotion that got me to a hundred thousand. Okay. So I don't see anything on the horizon in the next year or two. But with the finance degree, I was thinking about going to get my certified management accountant certificate. Okay. To try to increase the salary more. So that'd be about nine months to study and take the exams. Okay. Or maybe do bookkeeping on the side of the side hospital or something like that. There we go. I, I can, I could do work from home and that, that would be the next step. Either that or I thought about, I mean really anything, even if I had to drive an Uber or something.


Alright, your head's in the right place. So let me bring Jade in here because she's got her calculator. 'cause this is, this was your question. What do I have to do to get to 2 million in retirement? And she's got her calculator out. Take it away Jay. Okay, so listen, I'm, you're 46 years old. Let's say you work and you wanna retire with the, let's say you want the 2 million, at least by 67, 65, right? You've got 160 in there. Now if you're investing 15%, that's around 1,250 bucks a month with your income and average rate of return, eight to 10%. And I only say eight because of the haters is really 10 and up. Let's be honest about that. If you're in good growth, stock mutual funds, like even if you're in the s and p 500, like you're gonna get 10%.


Okay? Annualized, by the way, for the haters, alright, when I put that in, you're gonna be over 2 million. My results say 2,359,579. And that would happen even with my employer's 401k. 'cause I'm not sure of all, And I didn't even include, like, I didn't even include the free money match part. That's gravy. The 3%. I didn't even, I didn't include that. Like I'm saying this is you, your, it's just Putting your Tion, your money, your contribution. How's that feel? Yeah, they currently had me in a, in a van. I'm in like one of those Vanguard Targets fund 2050 or something like that. Okay. I what probably changed that I know, But changed. She's got you at 2.3 David, so you're not too late. You're not, so you're not too late at all.


Not by a long shot. And that's at 67. I definitely need to run those numbers to 75 maybe. Let's see. 'cause I was planning on working past the age of 70 because I had a 7-year-old daughter And I, let's say 72, that's when you have the least amount of, let's say social security. So let's say 72, a lot of people like to go till there because that's when they get the survey says the max three 3,979,000, $34. Oh my god, that's good. So what I need to do then is probably remove it out of the Vanguard Fund and move it into like more of a mutual fund. Yeah. We talk about in spreading your investments over four types. Growth, growth and income, aggressive growth and international.


And they're not target date funds. So I want to get you hooked up with a smart Vester pro before you get off of here to help you select those funds. And not just select them, but really you understanding what's going on with them. Because if I look, you know, if I look at my 401k, you should, your annualized rate of return should be around 10% all the time. Okay? Okay. That's not necessarily one year from the next year. But when you take this whole track of growth, this whole arc of the time that you're in the stock market, if you look and say, okay, all of that time combined, what was my average annualized rate of return, you should be above 10%. So that's what we're looking for and that's how we're, we're plugging these numbers in.


But I mean, even if I were just to play a little bit and just for kicks, put it at 8%. Let's see what it puts you at. You're still at 2.5 million. So you know, we can, you can play with those interest rates and see where it lands you. But for anybody listening, if you're not really looking at an investment calculator you need to be, and you need to be plugging these numbers in. We have a really great one at Ramsey Solutions dot com. They can throw it in the show notes, but instead of kind of feeling that anxiety of the unknown, Ken plugging these numbers in and seeing for yourself. Yeah, seeing what it would take, playing with the interest rates, playing with the monthly contribution that you're putting in. All of that stuff gives you so much peace. Because we're talking about real numbers, not just shadows.


It's a great motivator. It really is. And hey David, you gotta be just fired up, my friend. Yeah, you called in thinking you were behind the eight ball and my friend, you are on your way to 4 million plus, says Jay. Yeah. Nice job. this is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. this is Delony and I'm always railing against social media, especially in the summer because everyone uploads the highlight reels of their perfect bodies and perfect vacations and perfect kids and I know they're not real. And I also know that I'm blessed beyond my wildest dreams, but I still find myself wishing my life was like other people's. And based on the data I know this is happening to you too. Comparison is wired into us, but comparison can also become the thief of joy because we can feel like we're not enough and begin acting and thinking in ways we would never think otherwise. When it all gets to be too much, think about contacting BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. And by the way, therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for all of us who are ready to get outta the comparison spin cycle and find our own peace and joy in the life we're creating. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win with your work, win in your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman, Jade Warshaw joins me. the phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Tallahassee, Florida is where we go next. Brandon, how can we help? Hi there. Thank you guys for doing what you guys do. Thank you. My question today is, so lemme just give you a little background, basically got married about two months ago and me and my wife had a plan for what we were gonna do. I was gonna go, I graduate in December with my bachelor's and then I was gonna go onto to either PT school or PA school.


And then she's pregnant now, so we're gonna have a kid soon. So I'm excited for that. But that does kind of throw a wrench in that even before then, I was never too, I was never really that set on going to PT school or PA school, just kind of what we were gonna do. And now that she's pregnant, that kind of throws that out the window. So my question is, how do you figure out what you, what you should do? How do you find like a successful career? Yeah, I'm only 21 and my wife is only 21. That's kind of, Oh, love it. Well, I wish they taught you this in school, but this is what I teach and I think there's a a a three part, if you wanna call it equation or formula. And let's just think of it as three wires that everybody has.


The first wire is talent. Just what you do. Well, you know, Brandon, when when, when you just started moving and shaking in the world as a, even as an elementary school kid, your teachers noticed that you were talented in certain areas, certain things came easy to you, your parents noticed it. Maybe there was a difference between you and your siblings on things. But everybody comes into this world hardwired with talent. So we just, these things come easy to us. We do them well. That's the first wire. The second wire is passion. this is, we enjoy this task or this role. You know, some people, just to give you an example, they love organizing something, right? Some people love fixing stuff and some people love talking. You know, I mean we could just go through the entire world of work and there's just some work that everybody kind of has their own list of, this is stuff that I really enjoy doing.


The third wire is about all about motivation. What gets you fired up? What motivates you? And this is results oriented. So I call this this wire mission. In other words, what do I wanna accomplish? What results do I wanna put in the world? Okay, so talent is what I do best. Passion is what I love to do most. And mission is the results that I care deeply about. Does that make sense? Those three things? Yeah. Yeah. So figuring out what you wanna do, you gotta figure out those things and then you figure out, okay, once I know what I'm good at, what I enjoy doing And, what results motivate me. I begin to see where in the world of work do I fit? And, and so I'm gonna give you a kind of clue, 'cause I think you have a sense, there's four types of work.


If I took every job, every career path in the world and I put 'em into four categories, one would be people work, another would be ideas, the other would be process and then objects. So idea work, right? So Jade and I are in that, we're kind of in people and ideas. So our work falls in people and ideas. We work with people, we're coming up with ideas to help people, right? So we're not inventing something, but, and And, It relates to an object, but an inventor might be in the ideas and object space, right? They invent a tool or they invent a machine that does something. And, and so you could see object work is is physical, working with your hands, either creating something or fixing something.


So you've got people, ideas, processes, processes by the way, engineering type work, a lot of technical work, organization, things like that. So when you think of those four areas of work, people, ideas, processes and objects, where do you think your talent falls? I think so I've, I've worked all the way through college and even in high school as a tennis coach. So that's people And yeah, that's people. And then that's also, I think, I think that might also fall under the ideas category. Actually I, I'd throw it into process because coaches teach, right? They teach you how to hit the serve. How many different elements are in a serve would you say?


Oh, a thousands. But you can break it down to four. Okay, Great. That's a process. So if you're gonna teach me and Jade how to serve a tennis ball, that is a process. So that's people and process. So that's what you're talented in and usually we're gonna see some consistency that you enjoy people and process work. True or false? Yeah, I do. Yeah. Alright. And so if we look at at at what motivates you doing that work, people in process, what mo what is, what's the result that you most want to create as a coach in your words? I think for me it's always been working with like specifically a lot of young men to build discipline in their lives.


Because I know most of them aren't gonna go play pro or to go play college even, but to That's right. Kind of, you know, disciple them if you will in that area. I agree. So in the get clear assessment, which I'm gonna give you by the way and the book, find the work you're wired to do. So I'm gonna give you this as our gift so you can work through this. But you're gonna see that one of the six missional results in the assessment is the result of influence jade. And I think that anybody who's in people and process work are there. One of you're gonna see a big theme of you're driven by influence. In fact the result that you really get motivated for is influencing people. And it's not about hitting the serve, it's not isolated to hitting the serve.


It's about what can I teach them in tennis so that they learn something they use in life. Does this sound like it's resonating? Yeah. Alright, so now let's pull back for just a minute. I don't think you're limited to coaching in sports. I wanna bring Jade in here 'cause she's a D one athlete and, and she's got a lot to say on, on people that are high achievers. But my take is, is to pull back before you get your results just on this call, is to think about how could you be a coach in the world of work that's not necessarily coaching sports, you know? And so I think Jade management, yeah. Leadership, Yes. I mean he's not limited to coaching high school tennis or college tennis is the point I'm trying to make.


Yeah, Well I mean I think you framed it up. I felt like I just sat through a masterclass the way you framed it up. Anything with people in processes where you have that influence. Yeah, that could be in a classroom, that could be in a boardroom, that could be on a court. Yeah, that could be in a lot of different areas. Yeah. So the doors I feel like just flew wide open of opportunity there. So let's put you on the spot Brandon. So you're 21. So what would you, what would you try tomorrow? Try not commit to for the next 10, 15, 20 years. What would you try tomorrow if there was zero pressure to succeed, you knew you were gonna be good at it and we could pay you what you needed, what would you try? I guess I've always wanted to open and run sports facilities or I mean just facilities in general.


But obviously sports is okay, the realm I'm in. All right. So I'm gonna give you That, even owning it. Great. So lemme give you two strategies. How much are you making right now, And? what role are you, what what, what kind of work are you doing and how much are you making? I work part-time right now 'cause I'm still in college. I make about 30,000 as a part-time tennis coach. Oh wow, good for you. And when will you graduating with what major? We will graduate in December so that the fall semester. I'll finish that with an exercise physiology degree from, Okay, so here's why I think you were attracted to the PA or the pt. I think you've seen a lot of that given your, your, your involvement with athletics and coaching. And I think it's helping people and I think you have a heart to help people, but I think the minute that the baby came in, you were Like, this is not something I really wanted to do.


I thought it was a good professional track, now it's gonna cost me money. And it's forced you to go, what is it that I want to do? Is that true? I wanna make sure I'm not putting words in your mouth. That's so true. That's true. So here's what I would do if I were you. I think you have two tracks to run and you could do this simultaneously. I don't think you go get a loan, obviously we don't believe in borrowed money, of course. And just try to start a facility. So I would start with who in your area where you live operates these type of facilities. And I wonder if you don't reach out to them through some kind of connection. It could be first degree, second, third, fourth degree. Take 'em to lunch, take 'em to coffee, say I just want to pick your brain on how you got where you are And, what you're doing. I would learn enough to go, what are your margins?


How difficult is this to be successful? I mean, just go to school on somebody around this idea that you had. And then the second track could be you might get a job with somebody who needs a sharp young guy coming outta college who's coached, who loves sports. And maybe you go to work for somebody like that and learn the ropes before you ever confirm that you actually wanna own your own place. This way we take all the risk out and you'll learn and you get a good idea of what you're thinking. That's what I'm gonna advise you right now. And I would say the same strategy if you get another idea later today. But I want you to hang on the line Christian, let's get him the new book. Find the work you're wired to do comes with the get clear assessment.


You're gonna get your results and I think it's gonna confirm a lot of what we've discussed. But when you get the clarity on who you are, then Jade, that's when you're able to answer that intimidating question of what do I want to do and where can I do it? We gotta start with the who and that clarity gives us confidence to move forward. Thanks for the call Brandon. We'll be right back. this is The Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle. The Number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside, the phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Okay, Jade, I want to get you to weigh in on something that is honestly a little bit shocking to me. I don't know why I am shocked by it. I just think it's such a bad idea. I'll let you kinda weigh in on this, but it's gonna make, it's gonna, we're gonna get a lot of these calls. I think so. So we're gonna get out in front of this. Yeah, so in my hands here what you got, I've got a headline, new 401k rule makes it easier to tap savings. 401k savings, four emergencies. Jade say it isn't. So I'm like Michael Scott when he is just like, no, that's the way I feel.


It's, this is terrible. This new law will make it easier for Americans to use their 401k and other retirement funds as an emergency. ATM Oh, Americans can now withdraw what up to $1,000. Oh boy. From their 401k without any penalties if the money is needed to cover a financial E emergency. Now before you could take hardship withdrawals, but this kind of takes it a step further. Acceptable reasons could be medical care, funeral expense, auto repairs, but here's the difference. Or any other necessary emergency, emergency, personal expense. Who Determines that? You don't have to show proof of it. So with the hardship withdrawal, you kind of had to do the paperwork, blah, blah, blah. With this, you don't really, it's just up for grabs.


You have access to this. I think you have it every year. It might, I think it's every year that you have this available to you. But obviously if you only have $1,500, you know, in your 401k or something, you can't go below a thousand dollars in your 401k. That's so you would only be able to get 500. But this is what it says. Savers are allowed to make one $1,000 distribution per year For the said emergency. Is that what we're talking about? Yeah, but here's the kicker. The funds must be repaid within three years. Savers will still need to pay income tax on that withdrawal if they don't pay it back and they will not be able to make an additional hardship withdrawal. Yeah. Oh, This is awful. I see.


So, I mean, I get it. Like I get why they're doing this. It's, it's, it's that classic, you know, I'm not trying to be ugly, but it's that classic American way, right? Problem, wrong solution, right? It's like, yes, you know, this change comes as a growing number of Americans tap their 4 0 1 Ks because they're having a hard time dealing with inflation and the fact that prices have gone absolutely bonkers. And so, yeah, right. Problem Americans are struggling. Wrong solution, right? We always, it's like, oh, okay, we'll get a credit card. Okay, we'll borrow from your 401k. It's like the worst possible advice that you could give somebody. But luckily here at Ramsey Solutions we're about solutions.


So we can give you some better solutions. But this really draws the picture around for me, Ken, why we teach what we teach. Okay. So obviously we teach a set of baby steps, seven of them, but the first four are the ones that I really wanna call up right now to discuss because these are the ones that people struggle with, right? We always say, okay baby, step one, you save a thousand dollars and so many people can wanna just jump on our back a thousand dollars, that's not enough. And I'm like, clearly it is. Yeah. Because that's what people need and we know the statistics. Yeah, the stat is constantly changing, but it's somewhere around the, the point that 36% of Americans have $0 saved and 1550 6% of Americans could not cover a thousand dollars emergency in cash.


Like they'd have to go to a credit card. So having a thousand dollars saved in your money, your cash, that's baby step one, right? Then everybody knows baby step two. Yeah, you're paying off the debt. But what really gets people is we say don't start investing until baby step four, after you've paid off your debt, after you've done baby Step three, save three to six months of expenses. And that really gets people right here. That's right in in the heart. That's right. Why would you say that? Don't you understand compound interest? Yes, I do. But this is really a behavioral and a risk problem that we're solving for. That's exactly right. And to your point, you make a great point. The, the government is limiting you to a thousand dollars distribution from your own 401k, but you're paying taxes on that.


Yeah. And interest. And You're, yeah, that's you robbing yourself. So you're not even getting the thousand dollars. No. If we use the Ramsey method, you are saving the thousand dollars. It's your money And It is there in its totality. Yes. When you need it. Yes. And so I think you make a really great point. So the federal government and Ramsey, Solutions are on the same page about the number. Yeah. 100%. We're on the Same page. You're not getting a thousand dollars of value when you borrow from yourself. You're not, oh my Gosh. And a lot, a few people do the math on the opportunity cost there. But if you're constantly, and I'm not saying Like, this is something you do every month. 'cause you can't. But if you're a person who creates the habit of saying, you know what, if something goes wrong, I can just hop into my 401k and pull out, you know, I can do a 401k loan, I can take this a thousand dollars distribution.


That is a horrible habit to create. It's kind of like, you know, if you have cookies on the top shelf, all it takes is one time to go in that jar. And once you get a taste, good luck to you. Yeah, sure. Like good luck because you've realized how to get to the cookies. It's really not that hard. Now you also know how they taste. It could solve the problem for you. Yep. You've created this cycle. But Ken, let's talk about why we say baby steps one, then two, then three, then four. Okay. First off, you have to think about risk, right? As long as you have debt in your life, there's risk, something goes wrong, you don't make a payment, you lose your job, everything is up on the table. And if you have debt and you don't have an emergency fund, where's the first place you're going?


More debt. Yeah. Either More debt. See, this is credit cards all the time. People use credit cards to make it through. Or if you say, you know what, I'm gonna try to do it all at once. I'm gonna put a little bit of money to pay off my debt. I'm gonna put a little bit of money to go to my 401k. 'cause after all I get a match. I don't wanna miss that. If something happens, if there's an emergency, where's the first place you're going right? To the 401k. Yeah. So we're creating this kind of one step forward, two steps back, one step forward, two steps back. As opposed to just saying, okay, I'm gonna walk in a straight line and I'm gonna keep going forward. Even if in the moment it feels like I'm going a little bit slower, you're not, you're making more headway. And so there's, there's thoughts behind this guys.


Not to mention when you just wait till baby step four, you can invest 15%. 'cause all of your income is open to you. It's not just getting the 3% match, right? All of your money is there and you're gonna be able to make up any time that you may have lost, lost in air quotes doing baby step two. So this is a proven plan. And so your options really are go with the folks on the radio who are telling you about the proven plan or don't do the proven plan. And I don't know what the IRS let them give us guidance. Oh, I promise you. You know, 'cause it's in this article. Here's what's interesting. Here's what we know historically about this. In the past, people who are making these types of withdrawals from your 401k owed the income tax on the money couldn't even pay it.


Mm. And then you could also be hit with a 10% early withdrawal fee and they're under the age of 59 and a half. So yeah, this is another trap that looks like it's there as a a safety line, right? Yeah. Like I'm gonna throw out the, what do you call the things when you're the Pool safety net Buoy. Thank you. You know, somebody throw that out here and we're gonna give you a line to pull you back in. And in this case, you actually are creating a bigger emergency for yourself. Yeah. In the midst of an emergency. The midst of an emergency whole point. And so, you know, let's talk about this. We just, we only have just a couple minutes left because I, I think Jade, it's still very hard for some people, and this is out of respect and dignity that I say this, but based on the income that they make Yeah.


And the current cost of everything in this world, inflation is still high. Yes. Amassing and I use that word on purpose. Yes. A thousand dollars feels like it is amassing. Oh yes. $1,000. I want to give it to you here. It feels Impossible for Some people. Let's talk to people right now who go baby, step one, get a thousand dollars a bank, Jade, I am broke. I'm barely making it. What would you say to them to go, okay, here's hustling gritty I. know it's hard work. Yeah. But practically speaking, some of the best ways to get a thousand dollars in the bank in America today, I think the quickest way you're gonna do that is to start selling stuff. If you're talking about I need money today, that's what Facebook An example, market workplace.


We're selling clothes, I'm Selling clothes, I'm selling anything that someone will buy. Whether that's, instead of giving stuff to the goodwill, see if you can sell it on these OfferUp sites and Merc sites and all these sites. I'm picking up as much extra work as I can. I don't care. Anybody can work a phone service, customer service job. Yeah. Do it at night. They're looking for night shifts. There's these Babysitting, babysit Dog sitting, baby dogs, anything. It's temporary. Most people, when they really put their foot on the gas, they can get that a thousand dollars saved and 30 days. If it takes you 45 days, I'm fine with that. As long as you're going hard in the paint. Yeah, I Love that. That's What I'm talking about. Basketball reference right there. If you're non-sports fans, she's talking about throwing elbows, leaning the shoulder shoulder into this debt.


We're gonna do what it takes to get the money. Don't move. We'll be right back. this is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey folks, there's a lot of half-baked investing advice out there. But here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor Ramsey. Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside, the phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Okay, so this is fun during the break. Yeah. We got an update from James, the fearless leader, our producer. And apparently you and Dave had a fun call a couple days ago on the show. And, and, and not only was it fun, I guess we have an even more fun update. So yeah, tell us what's going on. Yeah, Well first off, when y'all call in, I remember, so Jowan called in, he was from Springfield, Missouri, I believe, and Springfield, Illinois. Springfield, Illinois. Okay. They're, they're close.


They're close. Listen, I'm going, I'm going off memory here. Yeah, I'm going off memory. Okay, that's great. It doesn't matter. So Jawan calls in, he had, he was living with his girlfriend, I believe she was pregnant, but they already had two kids. It was like one of those situations where we were like, Jowan jowan, you gotta get married, dude, marry this girl. Show her that you care. Put a ring on it and don't you know this guy emailed in, he was like, Hey, you want to know what I'm getting married. What did he say James? He said, Hey, the advice worked. I'm get married tomorrow. Tomorrow. Now did he agree with the advice right away or was he a little standoffish? He Did. Matter of fact, I believe Dave was like Uhoh, he's crab walking. Like he's acting like he's saying one thing but he's doing another.


And so both of us were like, man, is he gonna do it? I don't, I don't know if he's gonna do it or not. And so He decided, he Made a decision. Good friend, he followed the advice. Look at that to go. So there you go. Fun. Update. Update. He's not gonna, he's not gonna regret it. But if you, Hey by the way, if you've ever called into the show and you did the advice, let us know. Let us know that actually we do Actually love. We do love the where are they now, where are they now? I like that. Right? That's always kind of fun. Yeah, that's good.


Hey, real quick, some of you're going all right, election year, what's the fed gonna do? And you're thinking about buying or selling a house and we don't think you need to be on the sidelines. We think you need to be doing what you need to do, but doing it with the right person. That's why I want to tell you very quickly about our Ramsey trusted program to help you get the right pro, the right agent that you can trust to keep you on track with what we teach and get the best offer on your house or find the right house. So these are the top agents in your area who we trust. And then you get to review them, interview 'em, and decide if you wanna work with them. Ramsey trusted agents are where you need to be going. If you're thinking about buying or selling a house, Ramsey trusted, realestate agent is sitting there waiting for you to find them for free. All at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Again, that's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Alright, Stephanie is up next in Vancouver and she's on line four. There she is. Stephanie, how can we help? Hi guys. So that's your earlier thing. I follow baby. Step one a thousand bucks is definitely announced to get you going. Alright. Hey real quick. Tell people, give us the 20 seconds how you amassed your a thousand dollars so they can learn from you. Basically we cut things in our budget as as hard as we could. Yeah. Things like what we did sell some stuff, things. Unnecessary, unnecessary subscriptions. We started doing a budget. That's a good point. Right, right. And you And you found some money started Doing, doing one. Yeah. My husband and I hadn't put our money together so we were kind of wasting the money in a way.


'cause it wasn't like we were aiming at the same target. It was like trying to shoot a can and at two things at once. Yeah. It was just not working. Good For you Stephanie. Teach the lesson. I love it. Very good. Very good. So yeah, no that was pretty good And and like I said, it's hit everything. We've had like little minor ones come up that we've used to reach for a credit card for and now we use our own money. I Love that. Love It. Good for you. And by the way, Stephanie, mentally if you have to dip into that, it's also a lot easier knowing I did it once before I can, I can fill it back up isn't it? Well yeah and honestly I was on maternity when I first, when we first started and I had gotten to $750 and then I didn't get a payment from a government and I had to use it and I was just like, wow, look that's actual money and not debt Money.


That's right. Good for you. That Was great. Well thank you for the testimony on that. So Stephanie, how can we help you today? What's going on? Okay, so we're going up on we, we started at 110,000 and we are at like 55 now. 55, 56. We started with about 12 debts and now we're down to about five. We're working right now on a line of credit when that one's gone it's with the bank. And. It has a much lower interest rate than some of our other debts. So what we were thinking is instead of just paying the minimum payment on the debts, just taking the line of credit and wiping one out so that we're paying a lower payment to have more margin. Now, I mean I know that that's transferring debt but it also is increasing our margin and it's not opening a new line of credit.


My husband and I have had some debate on this, including if we were to do that, should we do the car first because it has a bigger payment or anything thing like that. And I looked on the Ramsey information and I didn't find anything specifically with open lines of credit. Definitely. Let me jump in to like, let me jump in to make sure I understand you before you go further 'cause I don't want to lose where you're at. So you're saying you've got five debts left and one of them is a line of credit that's open and are you wanting to transfer the other four onto that line of credit? Is that what you're saying? That line of credit is $10,000. We have 2,900 left on it. All of all of our other debts are around 12 or $13,000.


So what we're hoping to do is kind of use it as a vehicle to get the payment much lower to be able to smack them out faster. So transferring your current debt into, by basically putting it into the line of credit. Like she's asking and we know It's, we know it's still debt but what we're hoping is that we can get more margin and more traction with it. Are you, you're doing that because of the percentage rate or because you think it'll free up the other payments? And It will, it will. A Little bit of both because, because the MasterCard, we have two MasterCards and a Visa. The two MasterCards are both at about 12 five and the visa is about 13 three. The visa is negligible because it's the same interest rate pretty much as the line of credit. But The math, I hear how you're thinking, I hear how you're thinking and you're doing a lot of math and and, and let me validate this because I understand what you're doing right now on a heart level, like when you've been working the baby steps, you do get to this point where you're like, okay, what can I do to work some magic here?


And you start moving eggs around and you're like, I could do this, I could do that. And you start kind of the, you start finding ways that you think will work better, but really they're kind of veering you off course. And here's what I would say. Here's why I wouldn't do this. You're, there's part of what you're saying that makes sense and I'll validate that. Yeah. Like if you have a high interest rate, why wouldn't I move it to somewhere where there's a lowest interest rate? If I can make all this form into one payment that's gonna be lower than these other payments over here and free up some more money, why wouldn't I do that? I hear what you're saying. However, the negative side of this and it's a big negative. One of the beautiful things about the debt snowball is you have all of these debts and you can list them smallest to largest and you can check 'em off your list and something that dopamine, when you check one off the list is enough to keep you going to the next one.


I would much rather have five debts of $10,000 each than one debt of 55,000. I would much rather have three debts that's five 15 and 20 than one debt. That's 45. Do you see what I'm saying? Like I don't want you to group these together because then you're not gonna get the satisfaction of paying them off one by one because that is a grand motivator in this whole thing. Well And the line of credit, it does max out at 10. So I mean we would still be paying off like the remainder of the balance on each line of, on each thing. but it would just be like quite a bit less. Yes. But the, I mean at that point the difference is so negligible. Like at that point, money wise it's so negligible. I, you're grown, you can do what you're, you're going to do what you wanna do.


But if you're asking my advice, I truly think that you should keep these as are because if you run out the interest, by the way anybody, if you run out the interest on the debt snowball, it's gonna be negligible. What matters is finishing it. That's what truly, truly matters. So, And my husband and I both bought that too. We were like, well, you know, it will make it like a little bit faster, but the difference is only gonna be, you know, a couple hundred bucks either way. Yeah. And then you're dealing with a $10,000 chunk again, whereas right now it's at 2,900. Right. Yeah. So, you know, and that way mentally you're kind of restarting like, okay, I thought this thing was almost gone. Now I've kind of like refilled it and I've got a big, another big chunk of debt to pay off. And I mean, I don't even want to know what the difference in interest rate is because we've seen the math on that.


So I I wouldn't do it. Well it's gross. Say again? Yeah, this Gross. Is that what you is gross? Yeah, it's gross. The interest rate for the line of credit is like 11 and the interest rate for the credit card is like 27. Yeah. I mean I know these credit card rates, but I will tell you that's gonna light the fuel to get it done. And I, I mean that's what I would do. All I could tell you is what I would do and I stand by that. Yeah. Well and, and and and and so we have been consistent on that. I mean we get this call a lot. It's not the first time we've heard that. Yeah. And again, we teach discipline and momentum is, is what is at the core momentum of what we are teaching. It's discipline for momentum. So do what you're gonna do.


People do what you called us and Jade laid it out by the book. So really good stuff there Jade. Alright. Wow. Another hour in the books. Thank you for listening. this is The Ramsey Show. this is The Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, win at work and winning your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. We're here to help you. We've got your questions. Jade Warshaw joins me. I'm Ken Coleman and we're so excited that you are with us today. Let's go. The phones are lightening up. Joshua starts us off this hour in Idaho Falls.


Idaho. Joshua, how can we help? Hey there, how are you doing? Good. how are you today? Good. Hey, I have a two part question. First question is What is a reverse mortgage and the second question is how do I convince my mother not to do it? It, I haven't heard of it. I follow you guys' baby step. So I just wanted to get some more information on that. So your mother-in-law's wanting to do a reverse mortgage. That's right. Why? Well, from what I can gather, she doesn't have a lot in savings or anything like that. She doesn't have a lot of retirement from what I can tell. Okay.


So I think this is her way of maybe skipping that step or something. I'm not sure. Okay. So not a lot of re how old is she? About 60. Oh gosh, I'm gonna say no on, I will always say no to reverse mortgage. So basically what she's doing is letting the bank take over and they, they own it. They're making a payment. She's still, you know, on the hook for taxes and insurance and everything like that. But once the money runs out, that's that. And she's so young, like there's a lot of time for this to play out. And a lot of times if that person were to pass away that goes to the heirs and they're left with a home that's either upside down or home.


That's, I mean these end in foreclosure, the the foreclosure wrote on the rate on these is just astronomical. So I would not suggest that I would suggest something that's going to kind of help her get a hold of her situation. So I don't, you know, tell me more about your relationship with her. Are you the son that can kind of pop in and say, okay, let's look at your money. Let me help you with this. Would she let you help? Probably not. No, because It did Did you say this is your mother-in-Law? No, this is, this is my mother. Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry. Oh, Mother. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Alright. That's what I thought. But I, I wasn't sure. So so you don't feel like you can do that? No. Yeah. Well listen, here's the deal with that being said, I, I don't know what you do other than try to explain it to her, not try to talk her out of it as much as go, do you realize this is essentially your borrowing money on the equity you have in your home?


Would you like to get to a later date mom and have no equity in your home? 'cause that's what this is. And I can't believe she would go for that, would she? Well it's, you know, one of those deals where she's talking to her finance friend or something like that and they gave her this idea and now it sounds real good. You got any siblings that have a better relationship with her? No. Really. I mean at the very least you could play out the nu I mean I don't, some people respond well to math, some people just fall asleep, right? Yeah. At the very least, maybe you run the numbers. I don't know how much equity is she Yeah. How much equity does she have? Because you don't have access to 100% of it. Only a portion of it.


So Right. If you had to guess, what do you think? I would guess maybe she has 200 on a $300,000 home. Oh my gosh. Oh, this is horrible. Yeah, because 'cause the people, let me put it like this 'cause there's no real smart way to do this, but the people who think they're smart doing this think, okay, I've got a lot of equity. I'm 86 years old, not to sound morbid, but I'll probably pass away before I run through all of this equity. That's what they're thinking. And so they're like, if I don't have anything left to leave, I'm fine with that. this is what I'm going to eat off of. Right? But in this case, I'm like, fees, fees alone are going to eat up so much of that.


And I can't remember off the top of my head, you'll have to check it for yourself. What percentage of that is actually gonna be available to her? I think it's only 60. I can't remember. But check to see what a, what percentage of equity is actually available. But that's what she's gotta realize. this is a, this is not even a solution, it's not even a bandaid. this is like when you just kind of wipe, wipe your knee on your shirt, right. To stop the bleeding for a quick second. Right. She's gonna end up without a home. this is going to end in foreclosure. Okay. So we've got the solution here. I think I've, I've painted, I don't, didn't have to tell you how bad of an idea this is, but what we've gotta get her to see is, okay, how do we solve this problem? What social security, what's she living off of?


What does she need and is she on a budget? So those are the kind of detective work that you're gonna have to do. And I think that it's you sitting down with her and saying, listen mom, this is your life, but I'm your son. And the truth is, if we, if if you don't let me help you now you're going to assume I'm going to help you later when it's too late. Right. So in that way you do have a stake, you're a stakeholder in this and she might not see it now, but that's kind of the picture you have to paint. Like, listen, I wanna help you now where, when it's not so much of a burden to me as opposed to you cutting me out because when you're 80 then I'm gonna have no choice.


And then I'm gonna be a little bit pissed because I tried to help you when you were 60. How old is she? 60. Okay. You know, you can't even qualify it until 62. So Yeah, she, she's, she's thinking about it now though. So that's I know. I know. But here's the thing. I checked, I wanted to do a little research while Jade was talking. Jade's, right? The range of of money you get is between 40 to 60% of the equity. So she's got 200,000 in equity. That's hardly nothing. The range is, is 40 to 60. And I do think that instead of the emotional conversation with her, 'cause it's very hard to tell your adult mom. Yeah. And there's obviously some stuff going on there, you know, you don't feel comfortable. It's almost laughable. The idea of sitting down and talking to her is, is the feeling I'm getting from you by the actual laugh.


So I wonder if you don't just show her the numbers and just say there's a better way, mom. Yeah. And, and help her ideate on how she comes up with it. What, what, what is the actual amount of money she feels she needs to get her hands on? I don't know. Yeah, You gotta dig man. this is your mom. You at least gotta ask You. You just heard her say it and you're like, Ooh, warning sign. That's Not good. Like I wouldn't go in there coaching her up, but I would ask some questions and not make her feel like she's on the defensive, but ask some questions and go, Hey mom, I did some research on that. That's not a really good deal for you because you're really young and start running numbers. See, numbers aren't emotional. So life expectancy, do your homework on what that is.


She's 60. The actual amount, let's run the numbers on the 40 to 60% that Jade was talking about. Of the 200,000 is what she's gonna be only eligible for. By the way she's on the younger side of this. She will just have turned 62. The people that get 60% that Jade was, she was right. The, those are older people. So she's not gonna get 60. She's probably gonna be in the Yeah. 40% range. Let assume 40 to 45%. That's right Kim. So by running numbers with her, it's kind of like, Hey, I'm not telling you what to do, mom. Like show her some respect. Yeah. Some dignity. Yeah. Not the know it all. Hot shot sun. I ran the numbers Mom. And so of the 200,000, you know, 40% is this, so 10% is 20.


So you just looking at what, 40,000, she can only get wait 40 is more than that. So, so you start running those numbers and you show her, okay, you're gonna have this much cash. That's what the most you can get, mom. And then let's play this out. You have to pay it back when you sell, when you move permanently or you die and then you gotta start walking through. What do you need the cash for? Yeah. Because what if you go to sell the house I know, and you've, you know, you've taken all the equity out. Yeah. You're upside down. And by the way, that pass, that burden passes to you. Right? Yeah. Right. I, I just think I, I think the only way to get her on, to get her talking about this is asking questions and not putting their own, don't make statements.


'cause that puts somebody on defensive. That's good. But I think you gotta hope that she sees the numbers and goes, oof, this is, this is not a good idea. Thanks for the call man. You're a good son. But I would step into the conversation. this is The Ramsey


Show, Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget. It's like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play


The Ramsey Show continues to bring you some hope through some practical answers on how you can win with your money, win in your work and win your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. We'd love to hear from you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw joins me and we go to Allen now who, oh wait a second. I got ahead of myself. How could I forget Craig GTA In my hands. The question of the day. And It comes from Matt in Minnesota. Yeah. He says, I'm a young attorney and an aspiring standup comedian. I'm single with no kids, no student loans and a great job in my field. However, it has always been my dream to be a comedian.


I have my feet planted in my local scene. But if I continue to, but if I continue to gain some traction, I'd love to pursue comedy full-time, which would re require me to quit practicing law in the capacity that I do now. I'd also like to have, I also would likely have to relocate to a major city such as Chicago, New York or Los Angeles. This change is a couple years down the road. But in the meantime, what steps would you advise me to take from a financial standpoint in order to put me in the best position to succeed as an entertainer in the future? Oh, I love this question so much. this Is great. I got some, I got some ideas too. What say you, I think that, listen, I love that you're a comedian. The first question I always ask are you Good?


Like, I wanna know, are you Good? And don't ask mom, don't ask grandma. Don't ask a family member. Get real feedback as to if you are good. Yeah. And if this is something that you can even become good at because everybody thinks they're good. So that's part one of, that's the first step in this journey. Like am do I have what it takes? By the way, this industry, it's pretty easy to know. Yeah. Because if you keep getting invited to back to comedy clubs, 'cause here's the deal, people who own comedy clubs, they will not put in a comedian who sucks. No. It just won't. So that's the good news. Plus you're gonna get feedback from the live audience too. Live audience. So it's kind of hard to be a delusional comedian. Yeah. Kind of hard And put yourself out out there like in a lot of different environments, not just the same environment.


So let's talk about this practically Number one. I can tell you about my husband and I, right? 'cause we're we started as entertainers. My husband's still an entertainer and I will say you have a great situation where you're practicing law. It sounds like there might be a portion of that where you don't necessarily have to do it full-time. If you're kind of in your own, like doing your own thing. Maybe there's some work that you can do on the side. But my point in saying that is until you are doing comedy full-time, you do have to have a day job. Like there's gotta be something that you're bringing money in. And. It is nice to have. If you can now secure three to six months of expenses or a little bit more, that is going to be really great for you because it kind of frees you up. It's like, okay, I'm waiting tables in the day and I'm doing this thing at night or I'm taking a couple of cases, you know, here or there the, the easier stuff in the day.


And I'm doing this comedy at night. And for you it's about chasing down the right agent to make sure this person is really helping you get booked. Which by the way is a clue to what we talked about earlier. Ken, if you're having a trouble getting an agent, you're not, you're not doing your work. Matter of fact, first time on The, Ramsey, Show, Christian's gonna pick up before you leave. My husband's an agent, we own a talent agency. So I'm gonna give him my husband's phone number or not phone number, email address. You can email him and he'll review your, he'll review it for you. Okay? And so we'll tell you or not and and we will be honest and if you're good we book cruise lines. So, hey, there you go. Okay, well I'm gonna pick up on that. Part of the advice, I love this. I would do a couple of things.


One, I would be, if I'm getting paid anything, even small stuff for local clubs or gigs that, that that, that maybe that Jade's husband gets you or whatever I'd be stacking, stacking, stacking. Yes. And I agree with it. I would do 12 months. I would not move to a city to go all in on comedy until I had 12 months expenses. Because you're a lawyer, you are not gonna be desolate and homeless living under a bridge. But I would give yourself 12 months to absolutely go all in 12 months. Expenses would be a minimum for me. To the extent that you could save up even more beyond that is all gravy. But I would say minimum 12 months. Yeah.


The other thing is I would also challenge your, your idea that you have to live in those cities. True. I'm gonna challenge that. I'm not saying that I'm right and I'm not saying that you don't have to, but I would, I'd want you to dig into that a little bit and go, okay, I understand why you're saying New York, LA Chicago because legendary comedy clubs, there's more of it. A lot more places to work. Yeah. However, I love the idea of an agent or a promoter behind you like Jade's husband because listen man, you can make really good money on cruise ships, cruise Ships, and there's land circuits that if you get the right agent, like I have buddies that don't live in those major cities.


Like I can tell you right now, like there's circuits in Phoenix. Yep. In the Arizona area and Texas where it is like you live in Fort Lauderdale, but they fly you out there and you can do that's three months of that's Solid, Solid touring. Like there is real, yeah. There's real networks out there. So yes. I love That. Lots of options. That's where I was going is okay, I don't have to live in Chicago but because I'm in a great cash position Yeah. And I'm making really good money, I can zip in, zip out. It doesn't hurt to be, you know, in Atlanta, Chicago like it, it doesn't, Las Vegas it doesn't. Proximity matters. It does matter. There is no question. Yeah. That's why I'm saying that loosely. I don't know, but I tell you this, I could figure it out. Yeah, you may not. Yeah. I can talk to comedians and I can figure it out pretty quick. And you can do the same 'cause you know the industry.


So thanks for the question. Really good stuff. Let's go to Alan now in Kansas City. Alan, how can we help today? Hi, thank you for taking my call. Sure. So in the next 60 days or so, I'm gonna be going and purchasing a new car. I'm gonna be paying cash for it. It's gonna cost me around 30 to 32,000. I'm just trying to find out what's the best way to negotiate to make sure I get the best price. I mean, should I just go in and tell them, Hey, I don't need your stupid financing. Or should I kind of string them along? Are, is this a brand new car To do this? Let's talk brand new. Is this gonna be brand new? Okay.


Yes. It's gonna be brand new. And you and you've got the 30 to 32,000 saved up cash? Yes. Alright. What's your income? About 120,000. Okay. Do you need this car? Like is it you need to get a car? I'm going to be my car. I currently has near has near 200,000 miles and I'm basically gonna drive it for as long as I can, but I think it's gonna be just a couple. Okay. My point is, you're not desperate like that for me. Not currently, no. Can, can Ken will give you the, the good on this. But my Number one thing is I never like to go buy something in a desperate state. I like to feel like I can move on.


Yeah. Like I can go to another dealer, I can go to another lot. I can move on to like that. There is so much power in being able to go Nah. Yeah. Here's what I would do in this situation. I, I would do your homework on it and just see what, what that car is going for at multiple different places. I'm assuming you've got the car and the, the actual, you know exactly what you want. Correct? Yes. I know exactly what I want. Yeah. You know they all these car lots by the way, they tell you no haggle. But I've just bought cars for, let's see, I got one for my wife, I got one for my two boys. So I'm, I am boy. I'm in the middle of this. And I'll tell you, here's what I've learned, Jade. The no haggle doesn't include all these ridiculous fees. They stick on it.


That's true. So they all these car lots now say no haggle. And I did a very popular segment on the show called we need the haggle, we need the, we need the more we like what happened this bring back the haggle. Bring back the haggle. I mean, so here's how I would do it. I'd walk in and you can go look I know that you guys, this is your no haggle pricing, but, and let's say it's a $32,000 car and just go, I, I can't go. I can't go over 28 and they're gonna look at you and the guy's gonna go, lemme go talk to my manager. I hate when They say that And It. But here's the deal. I love it. I just sit there and look so like I'm ready to leave. Like I can't get outta there fast enough. And they know I got Ken on.


I got this guy about ready to leave, I gotta hook him. So here's what they start doing. Yeah. You look at the say Gimme, show me the sheet. Show me how you came up with 32. What's the 30 two five They give you sheet by the way, you start going, what's this fee Title? S fee. What's this? Fee? Just go paperwork. I don't know what these fees are. I'm not paying these fees. I'm, I'm only gonna give you this number. And. It needs to be lower than what they're doing. And I I had this happen now I walked on all of 'em Jake. Yeah, but multiple times I had car dealers drop the number. So this idea of no haggle is not true. Yeah. Haggle away. And so that's how I negotiate and go, now listen, I'm a cash buyer. this is what I'm looking for. I'm not gonna pay this so I'm gonna go until I get this price.


And I'm almost guaranteeing you, you'll get the price that you want. I will say though, it's tougher, but you think it can be tougher with the cash because they're not making any money off of that. They only make the money off the finance. So in some ways I go, oh by the way, You do have to push. Push. I, yeah maybe. But Alan, I'd also go at the end of the month too. Always go at the end of the month when they gotta hit their sales quotas. That's right. They gotta close some deals. Last day of the month, in my opinion is always the best day to buy a car. 'cause they gotta close the deal and it's gotta be my deal. That's how I would do it. But you can try it another way. this is The Ramsey


Show Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruisers selling fast. this is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


events. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. I'm Ken Coleman, Jade Warshaw joins me in studio triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number.


The best way to make the most of your money is by creating and sticking to a monthly budget. EveryDollar is the way to do it. It makes it simple to plan and spending track expenses and say for what matters most. And it's all in an easy to use app that fits into your busy lifestyle. Keep a pulse on your spending and make progress on your money goals with EveryDollar. Download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play. That's EveryDollar. Download it for free in the app store or Google Play.


Liz is up next in Spokane, Washington. Liz, how can we help? Hi Ken. Hi Jade. I have a question about buying my first house. Okay. Alright. So I am 26, I make 140 K per year. My take home pay after taxes is about one 10 per year. I have no debt. I have 60 K in retirement and 60 K in cash. I'm starting to kind of like think about what it's gonna be like to buy my first house. However, I am really, really debt adverse and the thought of getting a mortgage is absolutely terrifying. So I've always wanted to save up and buy a house cash. That's kind of always been, you know, my goal that I would hope to do.


So currently I'm saving about 40 k per year in cash savings. And so at that rate where I live, it would take me probably six or seven years to save up for a house, which would be okay. But I'm afraid that in six or seven years, you know, houses are not gonna be 300 k. Now they're gonna be 400 K. And so I'm afraid that if I save up and buy cash, I'll be spending, you know, 10 or 15 years saving. Sure. And then paying essentially double what I would've paid if I had just bought now. Yeah. So I'm just kind of torn between getting a mortgage or not. Yeah. There's a part to that where you're chasing, you're constantly chasing, you know that that rainbow as far as the, the house price is concerned.


So while I agree with you, being able to pay cash for a house is excellent and that's really the Number one way that if you can buy a house, you should buy a house. But there does come a point where, you know, for the average person with their average salary, there is a point where it's like, okay, shouldn't I just jump in already? And I think in your case the answer to that would be yes. But at what point? So just to recap, no there's no debt. You said you have 60 K in cash, 60 K and a 401k. Is that what I heard? Is there any other liquid money? 'cause the 401k doesn't count. No, that's everything. Okay. Yeah. And it's not just 401k, it's mostly Roth. There's some in a Roth, some in a 401k and then a little bit of that is just personal investments.


I think maybe about 10 to 15 K. Okay. The 10 to 15 K, that's personal investments, like a brokerage account, non-retirement. Yes Ma'am. Yeah. Okay. And is it, what's that year marked for Retirement as well? I at, at my current career track, I plan that I'll probably be retiring before I'm able to withdraw from my retirement Account. Okay. So I just Also wanna have a little bit. Yeah. Okay. So that's earmarked for that. So that means we won't touch it. Is it in mutual funds? It's not in like single stocks and stuff like that? Correct. It's in mutual funds. Good Deal. Okay. So right now, unless I'm missing something, I'm seeing a person with a great income with three to six months of expenses, which is basically your 60 K, that's around six months or more.


What portion of that 60 K can you put towards a down payment? So my expenses right now are actually really quite low. And so I only have 10 K of that as my emergency fund. And then the other 50 K is currently my house fund. Okay. So 10 K, how does that work? You're saying that you can exist for six months on $10,000? No, that's three months. Okay. I'm not, yeah, I feel comfortable with three months. Okay. You're sitting, I'm, yeah. Okay. Here's, I'm just, I'm poking holes in this because since you're afraid, I wanna make sure that everything is right on so you don't have to be afraid of anything. Here's where I would poke holes in your emergency fund. A, because it's the only income you have going in and it's just you one stream of income makes me want six months of expenses because if something happens, it's, it's all on you.


So that's the first thing that I would beef up and that's gonna make you feel better. Second thing I'd beef up is if you buy this house, your life, what it takes to keep your life going also goes up slightly. Yeah. So if you really wanna feel great about this, you'd kind of project it out and say, okay, if I get this house for 280,000 or for 300,000, what's my mortgage gonna be? What's my life gonna look like And? what really, what would six months be of that lifestyle? Because that's the lifestyle you're going into. That might be what I would shoot for in your case. Right. What you're going towards. Yeah, that makes sense. And then from there it's like, okay, now let's talk about our down payment. To your point, you're saving $40,000 a year, how much do you need to have?


Like what do you wanna get to? Do you wanna get to 50% down? Do you wanna get to 40% down, 20% down? So I would start running those numbers out. I wouldn't go beyond like a two year, three year deal on this. That's as long as I take to save up. Assuming you've already got the five to 20%. Gotcha. Okay. So yeah, I definitely wanna do 20% minimum. I'm not really willing to do any less than that. But you think instead of saying, okay, I'm gonna save up to 50%, I should, I should say, alright, I'm gonna save it for three years and as long as I have over 20% move forward at That point, yeah. I'd either set it at a dollar amount or a time amount. And that's up to you. Because part of this is, I don't want this 'cause you're, if you're toggling between baby step three B, which is saving for the down payment and baby step four, which is saving 15%, I do want a time limit on this because I wanna make sure that you're investing 15% sooner than later.


But if you're not toggling, if you're like, listen, I'm doing the 15% now and I still have a lot of margin. Yeah. Play with the three year span. But like I said, I, I mean Ken, if it's me, I'm pulling the trigger at least after like three years, I, I don't think I'm gonna run this Out seven years. I agree. I agree with your reasoning because you want investing and we want you to start to get the compound interest going. How old are you? I'm 26. Oh Yeah. So Jade's got you at 29. You know, and still that that's gives you a lot of time to invest. The other thing I would be thinking about is, is, okay, let me rework this and go, all right, this number I want to get, if I wanted to get to that number, and I don't mind you shooting for 50% down, don't think you have to.


No, and I agree with Jade, but let's say you wanna do that, you're single now. So I would start to go, what would I have to do and how much would I have to make in addition to what I'm already making and saving to get to that number in the same three year period? I would at least run that exercise. Right. So for instance, if you said to me, and I'm making this up, I'd have to save another $20,000 a year. I'm just using that as a random number in order to get to this number within three years that Jade is coaching me on. 'cause I think Jade's absolutely right on that two to three years to me is, is, is right. So I would then go, all right, so if I gotta, if it's 20,000 more, then that's X amount a month I've gotta save, I'm gonna go make that and, and I'm going to make this thing happen faster.


I just think that would be something I would consider. Yeah, I mean three years you said 40,000 a year, three years gets you 40, 81 20. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So let's say, which is great, if you wanted to add an additional 20 per year there. That's right. You start, you start breaking that down and that's, you know, less than $1,500 a month or right at that, right? Yeah. Is my math right? No, no, it's a little bit shy of that. So it's just a little bit above $1,500 more a month gets you an additional 20,000. So, so you know, it's that kind of thing just to start looking at all your options to go, oh okay. But I think Jade's right in wanting to get you investing that 15% as soon as possible. Well so, and I think that's part of it as well.


I am already investing currently my, oh my savings. That gets me to about 40 KI, I have about 60 k of extra income per year that I don't need or spend on anything. And so currently 40 k of that is going into savings and 20 K is going into hitting my Roth contribution and then extra investing on top of that. So you're investing, oh, another thing that I was thinking, Are you investing more than 15%? Yes I am. Okay. I would swap that. I would, yeah, there you go. Would, there's your money right there. Hit 15%, that's max right now. Focus everything else at the down payment. And then once you buy the house, now that extra money goes to pay off the house. And then you're gonna have exactly what you want really, really quickly, which is a paid off house that you don't owe anybody on.


And then once the house is paid off, then you can take that margin that you have And, It can throw all of it at your investments. So Number one like Liz, you're, you're amazing.


Hey, I wanna make sure that you have everything you need. You can check out Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate and it's a hub that's got everything that you could ever need. And when the time comes for you to actually get the house and start looking, you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent and that's where you can find a really great agent to help you find the perfect house for you


in your price range. Yeah. Awesome. Love that. And love just how focused she is. Man. I wasn't like that at that age. You Kidding me? She's gonna be fine one way or the other. And I thought that was really good advice. Now, now it's nice to know she's actually already investing. Great. The 15%. So really good stuff. Alright, we gotta take a quick break, but we're not going anywhere. We don't want you either. She is Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman and you're listening to The Ramsey Show, welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. The phone number to jump in on the conversation is triple eight eight two five five two two five triple eight eight two five five two two five.


I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw joins me. Our scripture today comes from Proverbs 21 5. The plans of the diligent lead surely to abundance. But everyone who is hasty comes only to poverty. Our quote of the day from none other than the Fresh Prince himself. Hey, will Smith, being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity. Ooh, That's a little bit of a mic drop. Will I know Big Willie styles? I would say he slapped us with some common sense there, but probably not the best thing to say that. Very good. Ken Coleman. You like What he did there? He's never gonna guy. He's ne I don't care. And I'm all for restoration and rehabilitation. No, You can't. You can't.


He Is never going to live that day. No, never as as great at work as he has done I know That is I know. No, I still love Will Smith. But that was a wacky moment in time That Oh man, Man, Wow. It's still shocking to me after I was watching it live, I was on a plane, so was I thought it was A joke. I was on a plane, you know, in your live streaming. Yeah. And I was like looking around like, did anybody See this? Yeah. Yeah. I thought it was a, I thought it was an act. Yeah. And then I saw it in Slowmo and I was like, Nope. It ain't an act. Not an act. Wow. All right. Let's go to Beth in Seattle, Washington. Beth, how can we help today? Hi, I'm so excited to be talking with you. Thanks for taking my call. You Bet. We're excited to talk to you.


What is happening? I'm wondering if you guys could help me think through a framework for deciding how much money I should put into my kids' 5 29 plans. Okay. I've been using some Ramsey tools, but I'm getting stuck and I'm so excited to talk to both of you. 'cause Jade I know you have young kids, which is where I'm at. And Ken I know you have a really good pulse on this college collegiate environment. Sure. Well tell us about the kiddo. Yeah, so start with, tell us how old the kids are And, what you've got saved or what you are thinking about saving. Yeah, absolutely. Okay. So I have a four month old, a one and a half year old and a three and a half year old.


Okay. And right now we are just putting in a couple hundred dollars a month for each kid into their 5 29. But my husband has like quarterly stocks that vest. And so in the future we wanna put something bigger. And I've heard Dave tell folks like, hey, if you have some money sitting around, you know, an initial investment of 50 K can sometimes do the trick. But when I've used the Ramsey calculator online, it's telling me to put in more than that. And Ken, I've also heard you say that the landscape for college is probably going to significantly change by the time my kids age in.


Yeah. So I'm just a little bit stuck. I don't wanna overfund, but I also wanna be a good steward and plan well for the future. Well, let me address my part really fast because mine, mine is the fastest. And then Jade can walk you through this. I do say that, and I do agree that the landscape is gonna look very different education, higher education as we know it is gonna be very, very different by the time your kiddos are there. However, the 5 29 has so much broad usage of it as it relates to any kind of training. I don't think training, I don't think education is disappearing. I just think it's gonna look very different. So the 5 29 is still a very, so I just wanted to clear that up in case you were wondering what I think about that.


I think the 5 29 is a wonderful vehicle as far as the amount goes. You're off to a pretty good start as young as they are. Jade, what do you, what do you think on that? I think the first place to start is what your target is because then you can kind of work backwards. And so if you're, you have to, there has to be a set of assumptions in order to figure out that target. So if the sum, if the, if the assumption is okay, I'm assuming all of these three kids are going to go to some form of higher education, what do we want to spend for them? Like that's, that's really what it is, is what are we willing to spend? What makes sense for us? Do we want each of them to have $90,000? Do we want each of them to have $120,000? And so if you and your husband can get together and say, what do we want?


And then just run those numbers. Start with, start with what the best and then run those numbers back and you go, oh, maybe that's not possible. Okay, then what would be our next ideal? Okay. Run those numbers. Okay. That could be possible. So start with that in mind and use an investment calculator in order to do that. I mean, I just threw some numbers in here. I'm like, okay, if you invested $300 per kid right, for the next 18 years, you know you're gonna have around 180,000. Right? So start with that and then what you can look at that, that whole equation and go, okay, now do we want to be able to pay 100% or do we want the kids to have some skin in the game? And if so, what do we think about that?


So I think these are the questions that you ask because if you don't have a clear target then you know, what are you really shooting for? And you don't know if you've won or if it was successful or if you hit the goal or not. Right. Yeah, I agree with that. And, and here's the deal. this is a bit of a moving target. So you know, you start looking at, okay, state schools, so where you all live, I have no idea what the state of Washington has. You know, are there breaks, you know, taxpayer funded, you know, tuition breaks, you know those kinds of things. You start looking at state schools, you start, you know, but just to give you an idea, just to give you a number, just to use Jade's formula here. I got a friend of mine lives here in the Nashville area.


His kid got a bunch of scholarships, great grades going to Auburn, SEC school, Jade going to Auburn not far from here. Okay. It's gonna be 45 a year. It's a lot. So you start adding that up for simple math, let's just rattle it down to 40. Yeah. And now you're looking at 160,000. So at that rate, what you're already doing for the kids, you're gonna be there. So you start looking at that and you're going, but, but what's it gonna be 18 years from now? You can't, it's, you don't know. We just don't know. And so try to be as practical as you can, but I think just at the rate you're doing right now, I think you're gonna be in really good shape. A big chunk of change for each kid.


'cause you're just a bit under, well are you, did you say we're doing 300 a month for each kid? That was just me throwing that out. 200. 200. So, but, but Jade ran some numbers at 300. And. It is 180,000 per kid. Yeah. So you're not far off of that. No. And, and so you just, it's a moving target. Yeah. But boy it goes a long way. It does. Yeah. I think it does. And I do think, you know, Ken, you, your kids are older than mine, but as they grow, you start to see who they're shaping into. Agree. And you can start making those adjustments. You may have a kid that goes to a trade school, and by the way, the 5 29 can be used for that. That's right. You know, you may have a kid who goes, I wanna be an entrepreneur, I want this certificate there.


So again, this money can be liberally used and widely used. So does that help you in the sense of what you're, I wanna make sure we answered your question. 'cause there's no like specific number. We would tell you That. It honestly is so helpful and it's helpful to hear you guys say like, yep. It's a bit of a gamble. Like you're just doing your best with the information that you have and you keep checking in and change your plan accordingly. So, And if you overfund it, I was just, if you overfund it, I mean, remember you get the money back from scholarships, you can pull that back out. Like if they end up getting full rides, like you can pull that back out at 5 29. That's right. That's right. So it's not lost forever. Yeah. You know, and if you get down to it, like, we had a caller call the other week, Ken, and they had massively funded, you know, overfunded, the five 20 nines.


It was like 80,000 left. And It was like, listen, at that point we just told 'em, Hey, if you wanna pull it out, pull it out and take the 10% hit. Like Yeah, you, no one's griping 'em out. No one's griping. You can have an extra money you had to pay taxes On. Yeah. You can pull it out. Yeah. So, So I, there really is no risk at all, Beth, no risk. Okay. Okay. Hey, thank you both so much for putting my mind at ease. Good. I appreciate it. You're, you guys are doing great actually to get ahead of it that early. Yes. Smart. Fantastic stuff. And that again, back to the compound interest calculator. Love it. It's My friend. You start putting in that little, that was what you ran. I want everybody to hear this. Yeah. You ran $300 a month times three kids. So it was a $900 investment from the time they're Todd babies.


Yeah. She only has one toddler. Yeah, I think a 3-year-old. Yeah. She had the four month old. One and a half. Three and a half. Okay. So two. So and you're looking at 180,000 for each kid. Yeah. That's great. I I'm okay With that. Goes a long way. Yeah. Towards really expensive schooling. Yeah. Schools are insanely expensive. Yes. Although I do think something will have to give, and I really believe we, I can't even begin to get a crystal ball out for 18 years from now. Yeah. On higher education. But something has to give the student loan to the trillions has of dollars. The American people, 46% of American parents said they wish their kids would go to trade school if, if if colleges and universities were running for president, they wouldn't probably get elected.


You know what I mean? It's facts. It, it's it They're suffering a little bit. Yeah. And I think that only gets worse unless something happens with tuition. Something's gotta happen with tuition. Yes. Ugh. You know what I mean? In the meantime, all we can do is save up and do our best. And you can only afford what you can afford. Right. And at the end of the day, that's the guiding light. Speaking of guiding light, she is Jade Warshaw, my co-host. Happy birthday. Thank you. James Child. Thank you my friend. And thank you America for listening. this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey folks. Dave here. You want to hear even more life-changing content from Ramsey. Download the Ramsey Network app so you can catch all your favorite shows all in one place like The, Ramsey Show Smart Money Happy Hour and The Dr John Delony Show. You'll get real talk about life, relationships, money, and your career. Plus the app lets you browse by topic like debt business or selling your home. Get the content you want whenever and wherever you wanna listen. Download the Ramsey Network app today.