
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by bestselling author, an all around great person, Rachel Cruz. And we are here for you America, answering your questions about money and life and all of the predicaments and challenges and maybe some wins that you're facing. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number to call to join the conversation. Olivia kicks us off in Buffalo, New York. Olivia, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you so much for taking my call. I'm a huge fan of The Ramsey Show, especially Dave. He's awesome. We agree.


Yeah, love him. So my question for you all today is, My sister took advantage of our sick mom, skipped tone and stole my inheritance. What should I do? Whew. Oh my gosh. Olivia, What do you mean took advantage of your sick mom? Took advantage. Well, okay. She took over the family business even though it wasn't left to her. She convinced my mom to become the power of attorney and healthcare proxy and transferred all money to her own account. Oh wow.


Wow. What, what kind of, and sold, She also sold my mom's house and moved my mom into the family business. Into the business, into the, like the office? Yes. Okay. What, what kind of sickness does your mom have? She Had cancer. She died three months ago. Oh My gosh. I'm so sorry. Olivia, do you have any other siblings? No, I am the eldest. I am 40 years old. My sister is approximately 37 years old. She lived with both of my parents who passed from cancer and she has skipped town and has not buried my mom.


Where is your mom? She, she, sorry, my sister has her ashes. Okay. She's cremated. Oh my gosh. Did you and your sister have a relationship before all of this? We did. It was, I thought it was a lovely relationship and then things started getting weird when my father passed away five years ago. And then my mom got cancer and I believe she felt entitled as the power of attorney to all money, all estates, all inheritance, and she's gone. She changed her number, she left town. So from a legal standpoint, did your mom have, and your dad, you know, any documentation legally, like in a will of what your inheritance is and then she went and changed it as power of attorney?


Or is there a will out there that you are, you are owed essentially your inheritance? There is a will that my mom wrote. I have never seen it. My sister attempted to change the will one month prior to death, but they never got it signed. So there is a handwritten will. I'm not sure if it was done with a lawyer, but I've never seen the will. Okay. And you have no point of contacts for anyone that might have information on this Information? I've tried to reach out to the lawyers and they said Catherine, or I'm sorry, Olivia, it was never signed. Therefore it's not valid.


The will. Yeah. I mean And they have no version that is signed. Correct. Oh man, Olivia And what, what's hard? The question, the question would be do I keep my own peace and sanity and money and move forward with my life or do I try to fight It essentially justice? Yeah, I mean the only, the only issue with all of that, 'cause I don't mind the fighting injustice. I mean there's a, there, you know, we're, we're not scared of that. But I don't know if you have any legal documents that will uphold in courts to, to fight your side. Like, I don't know if there's any legal documentation to show your side. 'cause from a legal perspective, you know, you could be lying as much as she is.


Right? I'm not saying you are Olivia, but like there's no, there's no proof. Otherwise We need some kind of paper trail. There needs to be like some, some level of documentation to in order to, when you hire lawyers for them to fight this in the court system. Yeah. I just don't know if you if you have that, Have you contacted a lawyer? Yes, I have. What Did they say? That Was his lawyer. He said that it may not be worth it because number one, there may not be any money left over. That's True. Yeah. And right. So it may cost what kind five to $10,000 for a lawyer and I may not get anything after all. Yeah.


How much was the estate worth? Like how much did your parents have? Do you, do you have any idea? Well, The house was sold for 344,000. There were many liens against the house. Okay. And I was, my sister has all of that money. Okay. So there were some liens. Was that all of your inheritance or was there other money that was supposed to be given to you? That was probably all of my inheritance. Okay. So it wasn't retirement accounts, other assets, cash, things like that? No, there was the family business, but that's another topic. I believe just the money from the house would be part of my inheritance. Yeah, I mean that would be one 20 for you if you just 50 50.


And then We don't know all these liens against it. I Was gonna say the liens against it would be, would be diminished too. So I'm like, yeah, I don't know that there would be much here for you based on how complicated this whole thing is and was. I agree. How Olivia, So I, well what's so hard is I'm like, you've lost your mom. There hasn't, there's a feeling of dad, no closure. Your lost, your parents lost your sister in this. There's no closure. There's, I mean the, the whole, the whole way it went down for you Olivia is just a, it's just terrible. And I wish I had better guidance or direction for you to, to get some justice in this. But I Do you have any money right now? Yes. How much? Oh, myself. Yeah.


Oh yes. I work, I, I make 70,000 a year. I, I'm a surgical nurse. I, I'm married. I have a dog. We're doing, we're doing just fine. I, I just, yeah, this situation is a strange one. It's very sad. And it, and you're in fact, right? I lost mom, dad, and a sister. Yep. Yep. But all, And even the closure with your mom and her Ashley, you know what I mean? Like, like that would probably be the the step I would take of trying to get contact with your sister. But you have no way to even know where she is, how to get in touch with her. She is off the planet at this point, Correct.


Goodness. Yeah. She had three cell phones. She changed the last number and has not responded via email. We did have a lovely funeral for my mom in church. She attended that funeral, but since then she has taken off with the ashes and all of the money. Yeah. I don't even understand that part. That just feels so strange. Well, I mean, Olivia, honestly, if I were in your position and as much as you can find the closure in it, I would, I would. I, I so sad to say you close a chapter in a book from your family, but she's cra I mean she sounds crazy the way you've presented it to us. Like she, she sounds crazy. Almost dangerous if you did Pursue her. Yeah, that's right. I'm like, she stole like, it's like it's, it's immoral.


The things she has done. And so if I were you, I would create, I mean not that you have to even draw boundaries 'cause there's no relationship there, but I mean, I would in my heart just there's a level. You gotta just say, all right that I'm done. I can't, I'm not gonna keep fighting in, in this wheel. Because even that with the inheritance and all of that, it just muddles the piece of what's happened with your parents. Yeah. You know, at that point. And so for you Olivia, I think it's in the healthiest move retrospect for you to, to move on. But I'm so sorry on, I'm gonna send you a copy of Dr. John Maloney's book, own Your Past, change Your Future to Help You Grieve. All this


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Rachel Cruz, who is also my co-host on Smart Money Happy Hour. So if you're looking for some fun, some levity, some entertainment with a healthy dose of financial teaching. Yeah, kind of. It's kind of a do it all. Yeah. Spoonful of Medicine, spoonful of Sugar makes the medicine go down. That's right. It's like, that's what Smart Money Happy Hour is. That's what it feels like. And people are loving it. Kid. Kids listen to it. They're like, I listen, my 10-year-old loves it. And then people are like, I'm 75 and I love listening to you guys. So something for everyone with Smart Money. Happy Hour, we're all there. So good. We're here for it. So check it out this weekend. You can binge all the episodes that are out there every Thursday. All right, Claire joins us up next in Seattle, Washington.


Claire, welcome to the show. Hi, thank you for having Me. Absolutely. What's going on? So I'm turning 18 years old this year and I really, really wanna learn more about investing and where to start. I work as much as I can with school. I have some money in my checking account, some money in my savings account. But I've heard so many different options about you know, investing in a Roth, IRA, doing real estate, all of this. But I'm just turning 18 and I really wanna know what you guys recommend for young people looking to start investing. That is awesome. Way to go. Well done. So you're graduating soon? I'll graduate in a year. I'm going into my senior year this year.


Okay. And what are you doing for work? I work at a small cooperative in my kind of small town. It's like an agriculture store almost. Okay. And what do you make there? Little over 1650 an hour. Cool. And how many hours are you working? It's usually flex fluctuates week to week, between 16 and 20 hours. Awesome. Way to go. And is your GPA solid? Yes. 4.0 There it is. You're amazing. She just proved, because I was just thinking in my head Rachel, you know, people who work 15 to 20 hours while in college have a higher GPA That's right. Than those who don't. And There We go. And you proved it. Okay. Yeah. So you are a rockstar, number one. Do you have any debt?


I do not, no. And how much do you have in checking and savings? Savings? I haven't really been sure what to do with it. So I have maybe around $700 in my checkings account. I have over three grand Way to go. Gosh, you're doing so well. Okay. So I would set aside a little bit of that for kind of a, a starter emergency fund for you. Okay. Obviously you don't have a ton of expenses now are you living on campus or on your own? I live, I still live at home. I'm enrolled in a local community college. So I live at home and it covers my tuition. So I am still at home not paying anything for that. That is awesome. Great job. Okay, So let's talk about investing. I think the Roth IRA is your best bet right now.


Okay. Invest into that in a, a good growth stock mutual fund. You can diversify it across the four types that we talk about. We have great investing guide on our website. I'll make sure Austin gets you a link over to that that can help kind of unpack this at a deeper level than we can do on radio. But I think trying to, I don't know that you would max it out with the income that you have, but getting to that Roth IRA and consistently putting money away is gonna be your best bet at 18. Okay. I don't think you need to worry about all the other stuff and all the noise you're hearing. You can stick to a Roth IRA once you start your career. Yeah, you, you'll probably have an option for a Roth 401k and that's another great place and start doing 15% at that point.


Yeah. Once you graduate Claire, I mean having some cash on hands between graduation and entering the real world and career, it's always good just to have some, because you may be moving, who knows what kind of, you know, if you take a job it Could be deposits you might need to get Yeah. A car upgrade. That's right. So Repair Maintenance, just kind of having some cash for that transition, just thinking through that and then once you kinda get settled, which I have a feeling you'll probably settle pretty quickly. 'cause I think you know what you want in life. You're very, you're very proactive. So once you yeah. Have that first job and you're settled in to where you are and got your first apartment, whatever it is, and you're renting, that's when, yeah the 401k would, I would look into something like that. But for now I'm with George. I think having cash on hands and looking at a Roth IRAI think is gonna be your best bet.


Yeah. And if you want help branch out, help setting that Roth IRA up, you can get connected with one of our smart investor pros, which they don't work for RAMSEY, but they are vetted in investing professionals that we trust. And if you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com, click on Trusted Pros, you can connect with one in the Seattle area and they'll get you started there. Way to go. Awesome. Let's go on to Brandon in Dallas. Brandon, welcome to the show. Hello. Can you guys hear me? You sound great. Yes. Awesome. Hey, I have a, a question. My wife and I have gotten ourself in a, in a really bad spot. And so we have about $250,000 in consumer debt.


That's credit cards and personal loans. We're just not sure what to do. We don't have enough income to pay all of our minimum payments. And so we're not sure if we should file bankruptcy or to stop paying until we can afford to settle or we're just not sure where to go from here. What caused y'all to go $250,000 in credit cards and personal loans? Well, it's, everything you guys say not to do is we decided, I decided I should say to, to flip a house and then buy two more houses with a lot of leverage. Yeah, right. When interest rates went up and we ended up taking a, a really big bath on these three properties, we lost money on all three of 'em.


I'm so sorry. On Yeah, it's, it's definitely been tough. And, and on top of that, during that time I was so focused on that, that I'm in real estate and my production pretty much went to zero during that time 'cause my mind was just so wrapped up in that. So that, that's where we're at and we're just really not sure where to go from here. How old are you guys? I'm 28. My wife is 27. We have a 2-year-old daughter and we have another that's gonna be arriving in October. Oh my gosh. You know, it's wild. Brandon, if you're familiar with art, my family's story, that little baby that's gonna be born, that was me and my sister was two years old when my parents filed for bankruptcy.


Wow. And through real estate issues, I mean, dad did exactly what you did, but on a massive scale and they called all of his notes and he, if he was sitting here today, I think his empathy would be at the highest level because he was literally you 35 years ago, which is pretty wild. So I, I have such like a heart for those kids and your kids and your wife and all of it. 'cause I know you guys are under a lot of stress and I know there's probably a lot of Yeah. Shame and embarrassment and you feel a lot of the weights. And So I hear, I hear all of that. So my question would be how much, how much did you make when you were in real estate and, and your head was not all over the place with these other rentals and you were so focused on it.


Yeah. What were you bringing in? So, I mean, I would average probably somewhere between nine and $10,000 a month. My wife also works, she brings in about five to $6,000 a month. Okay. And what is the case today? What's kinda the average month for you guys? So, so right now she's still bringing that five to 6,000 a month. I've just rededicated myself to real estate as of last week. So right now it's, it's nothing. You know, ideally in the next, if I'm realistic, maybe 90 to 120 days we're gonna start seeing some fruit from all the work I'm doing today. Okay. Yeah. Brandon, I don't think, you're not bank, you're not bankrupt, but I would say catching up on those minimum payments is your number one goal.


And Brandon, I I, in your future here for the next probably two to three years, you're gonna be doing more than just real estate. I mean, you're gonna be okay doing side hustles at night. You're gonna be exhausted. You're gonna be exhausted because the amount of effort that you guys are gonna put into this, 'cause I believe you can, to get out of this hole, it's gonna take a lot and you're gonna be really uncomfortable and you're gonna, it, it's gonna feel like a sacrifice because that's what's, that's what it's gonna take to get out of this. And you guys have to, I was gonna say promise us, I mean, more promise yourselves that you align in the sand is drawn and for your kids' sake, you'll never, ever go back to this again.


That debt is off the table a hundred percent. 'cause if you keep dabbling it in, Brandon, I'm telling you, you're gonna go right. You're gonna look up again, you're gonna be right back in this position. So you guys need a mindset shift you and your wife and draw a black and white line and say never again. We're not doing this. Yeah. And for the next three years our our lives are gonna look a whole lot different and it's gonna be really hard with those babies at home. But Brandon, you're gonna be able to do this. You guys are gonna be able to, to get out of this, but it's gonna take a lot of work and a lot of sacrificing your lifestyle for, to put every penny possible to go towards this debt. Yeah. Brandon, you said it was two 50 total. Yeah, but I, I do have kind of a wrench to throw in it. So I guess two questions.


Number one is total debt payments, we have around 6,000 on top of living expenses of around 9,000. So number one is we're just not sure, like how do we actually cash flow this thing? Like what do we let go? Okay, here's what I'm gonna do Brandon. I'm gonna Give you guys financial peace University and every dollar premium to get on a plan. But looking at the math on this, it's just a math equation. Can we throw seven grand a month and be done in 36 months? It comes down to something that simple. Hang on the line, we'll get you those resources. Are you working the baby steps?


One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one. And replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Rachel Cruz. Hey, if you're a fan of the show, which I, I assume you are, if you're taking the time to listen to us right now, we would love for you to subscribe to the show to follow wherever you're listening, leave a a review, be kind and share it with a friend who might enjoy this show if they're looking for some hope in their life and their money. We so appreciate that. That is how we spread the word and create more impact. Alright, let's take some more calls here. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number. Emma is in San Bernardino. Emma, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi guys. Thanks for having me on. Sure.


What's your question? So My husband is a real estate agent and he's been with a company for about three years now. But his boss is very inappropriate. He's had about three lawsuits against him for sexual harassment. Whoa. Geez. He only hires employees who are under the age of 25 and blonde and skinny Is his boss, Leonardo DeCaprio. This is wild. And yeah, and he makes really inappropriate comments about women. And he recently had an affair with an employee and the employee got mad at him for whatever reason and sent out a huge email to tons of different lenders and other agents and just basically saying, don't hire these people, don't work with them.


And I don't really want My husband to be with this company anymore because of his boss and I Emma, how does your husband feel? What's your husband say about all of this? He kind of, I mean, we haven't really talked too much I think right now 'cause my husband's making good money. I don't know if he will really be open to that, but I'm, I'm worried he's something major's gonna happen soon. Oh my gosh. It feels like, like you wanna stay in the band on the Titanic because of the money, but we can see it sinking. Yeah, that's, that's the perfect way to put it. So I think he needs to see the writing on the wall going, this guy's got multiple lawsuits against him.


People are trying to actively take him down. The money may be good now, but number one, at what cost of your soul And sticking around with a guy of this level of integrity and then number two going, this money may not be around a year from now as word gets around in the real estate world. Yeah. Is he on like a certain, is he on a certain commission system? Because if it's like with a company or a brokerage, can he just Yeah. Real estate agent Move around all The time? Yeah. Can he just change brokerages? Yeah. I mean he's had other agencies reach out to him because he is a really good real estate Agent. Yeah. He Sells a lot. And that's usually, usually most of the time that's where you're gonna find that you make the money as a real estate agent is you not necessarily the company.


Now granted there are some more companies that will put marketing dollars behind you and all of that, but, but he's the secret sauce your husband. So regardless of where he got, where he goes, he'll be able to perform and yeah. Continue to make great money. So my big thing Emma, is I would talk, I mean I would be talking to him about it and Just make your feelings clear. I'm not comfortable with you working around this guy. Yeah. I would be, yeah. Because of his integrity. Like the guy is a creep and it's like if he's a creep with other people, like, I'm like, oh, I don't know, you just don't wanna be around that. And is he doing weird business? Like usually when you have a lack of integrity in one area of your life, sometimes it spills into other areas. So I would even, I would just be worried from a, and This guy's not even trying to hide it From like a cultural standpoint.


It's really toxic. But then also who knows what he's doing behind the scenes with Yeah. This is Just the tip of the iceberg that like to keep the Leo and Titanic references going. Yeah. Yeah. I mean they've had their place vandalized 'cause he slept with a married woman who was an employee and her husband found out, so like three guys he hired and came and just broke windows. So, so yeah, so, so we, yeah. So the boss is one thing, right? But it's you and your husband. Yeah. That need to make this decision. And so that's what I wanna focus on. And so the fact that you haven't brought it up to him yet or that it hasn't been a conversation? Yeah, I mean, I, I, that, that's more of a like a, Hmm, okay. Here's what's in my control is hey, I can actually, whatever the boss decides to do with his life, that's his issue.


But my issue here is that My husband is part of a company that is obviously just a complete, they're not jumping on the lifeboat at all anytime soon is what it sounds like. Thank you for keeping the references going. You're Welcome. So Emma, I would put, put your life vest On, put the life vest on and let's find him another job. He's a fantastic real estate agent and that is the common denominator here, not this magical agency. That's right, that's right. That's good. About to go under And talk to your husband about it and the fact that you haven't yet. I'm like, hmm. I mean, I don't know. That's, yeah, That's interesting. If it, if it bothered me enough to call a national radio show, it's gonna bother me enough to have a conversation with my spouse. Yeah. So have that conversation in my, for sure. Mm. Alright, let's move on to Minneapolis, Minnesota.


Jeremy joins us there. Jeremy, welcome to the show. Hey George and Rachel, how are you Doing? Great. You sound defeated. Jeremy, what? Have you just been waiting on the line too long? Oh my gosh, let's see, when did I start? Well I'm central time, So I started around two so I've been in here about an hour and a half, but not That So Sorry. Sorry Jeremy. Sorry Jeremy. We really appreciate the marathon. You really, it's okay. You really stuck it out there. Thanks. My admin will be sending you a bill so it's okay. So I have more of a money etiquette question. So my wife and I, when we go out to eat, we usually pay cash. And so let's say like, this was a couple nights ago, we were at Olive Garden and our bill was 45, 30.


I leave three 20 on the table, server comes over. And to me I just kind of assume like, you know what, it's kind of high. They'll probably just assume to bring change. Well they go to just take it and they start like, okay, have a good night. And they take it and I'm like, boy, I'm like, you're bringing change. Right? And then she got very kind of visually upset at us and this has happened more than you would think when we go out to eat. Like just constantly servers kind of just assume whatever money's on the table I guess that you just need to Keep. So all you gotta do, Jeremy. Yeah. All you gotta do is say, Hey, here's 60 bucks, can I have some change?


Please. Like, do you just be proactive so that they're not, that they're not wondering. Right. Or just tell them exactly how much change you want back. Oh you could do that too. Be like, Hey, will you bring me a fi? Yeah, That's fair. So one time we were at a different place and so our bill was like, let's just say it's 35 and we had 2, 2 20 and, or maybe three 20 so we can't give them a 40 and just say keep because it's five bucks. Kind of lame. And so then we gave them 60 and we're like, okay, can you break up this 20 for us so we can leave a tip for you? He's like, okay. So then he came back with change. So let's just say it was 35, we give him 60, I would expect to get 25 back.


But then they came back with like a 10 and two ones and Sounds like they're just not good at math. Well They just factoring Wanted, they're manipulating the, the cash system to bring you back a certain bill so that you leave the $10 bill. You can't, you know Exactly. Versus, yeah, I mean it's e Yeah. Either in the situation you just ask specifically what you need. And I know you said yeah, change, but say like, can I have two fives? Like you gotta just be really, you could just be really specific or just leave them an extra $5. Yeah, Well well that's what we did with the other kids. We're like, you know what, we don't care about the five. This is a really silly solution, but you could just get smaller bills and just have those on you when you're out to eat.


Not just have twenties. That's fair, Jimmy. That's a lot of, That's an option. I do that for my haircut. So this is a great example. I pay cash for my haircuts to get, to get a discount. I just went today and I go to the bank next door and I'll break the 20. I'll get a 10, five and five ones so that I can give him exact, the exact amount with tip included. But see the hard thing. So, okay, You don't know how much you're gonna, you're gonna pay for the meal of course. But the idea here is you've got, you've got a five, you've got some ones, Got some options, you've Got some options. Yeah, I could, when we started doing this, I was like carrying hundreds with us and I was like, okay, this is Jeremy's Bawling out at Olive Garden. I Love it. Yeah. But, but so like what the problem is, I just, I feel very not, I don't wanna say bad don't, But we feel very Don't be shamed.


Yeah, don't be shamed into it. We Very, I was just say, we feel very shamed. That's a good way to put it. Yeah. 'cause you're asking for change back. They look at it like, oh he's so cheap, he doesn't wanna leave us 15 bucks. Well I, Well, right. And it's like, I, I hate, I absolutely hate being manipulated. So it's more of that case. But yeah, I would be proactive. Yes. And say exactly what you need back, Communicate upfront. Yep. And then soon as they walk up to the table and then that's their issue. Jeremy, as long as you're tipping, well, you know, 15, 20%, 25% of it's great. There's nothing to be shamed about. And that's their, I mean at that point, their And servers, that's their problem. Love cash tips. So they should be grateful that they're not having to wait to get that, you know, at the end of the month in a check. So you're doing the right thing, man. Don't be shame. You're doing right Jeremy.


You're doing right. Release the shame. Yes. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, I'm excited to talk about a new sponsor. Burna. You all probably know I'm a gun guy, but I'm big on safety. So I'm also a burna guy. Burna is the un gunn a less lethal option that protects you in more ways than one. A burna is effective self-defense when you need it. It also helps protect your assets from lawsuits if you have no choice but to use force. Because a burna pistol immobilizes attackers without fatal harm. I have several Burna pistols and I love them. In fact, I had a burner before they started advertising with us. They're easy to use with no recoil and no noise reduction needed. They're legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped right to your door and you can train with a burner right in your backyard. Plus our listeners can get the RAMSEY Burna bundle for 10% off, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off for RAMSEY fans. See why Burna has more than 15,005 star reviews. Just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave,


We're back with more of The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined today by Rachel Cruz and it's your show America. So give us a call. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Melissa joins us up next in St. Charles, Missouri. Melissa, welcome to the show. Hi, thank you for taking my call. I appreciate it. Absolutely. How can Rachel and I help? We're hoping you can help. My husband and I and our son make a very tough decision that needs to be made very quickly. Ooh, okay. We, yeah, Stakes are high. We, yeah, it's high. We, My husband and I bought a car for our son in 2019. It was a 2018 Kia Soul for about 14,000 plus taxes and registration.


During that time we had to put a new engine in there. So we've invested probably another 6,000 in that car in the last couple years. Last year he was in a car accident. It was deemed his fault. So we put a claim through our insurance, they fixed it. But then this march when it renewed, they dropped him. So we had to go through a broker to get a new insurance and it was at about twice the premium of what he was paying. But we, we had to do it. So you have to have insurance. So now he's got this new insurance since March and then the unthinkable happens Monday night.


His car is stolen. Oh My goodness. Oh gosh. So now we're in a very worse condition because the argument between My husband and I is, do we put a claim through because we know what's gonna happen when that renewal happens next year they're gonna drop us and then the insurance is gonna go, even his premium's gonna go even higher. And we talked to our broker and he pretty much confirmed it. Yeah, it's gonna go up. He doesn't know how much could be as high as 800 a month. It, he just, he doesn't know for sure. So the tough decision we're trying to decide is do we do the, put the claim through and risk our son being straddled strapped with a high premium for years until it drops off.


He said it could take up to five years for the drop off. Or do we bite the bullet, kiss that money goodbye for the, on that car and pull money out of our savings and help our son get another used car. How much, how much would you have been able to get for it? Like how, how is it at 20, We believe around 12,000. Okay. And he's got $2,000 deductible. So we'd be walking away with maybe 10 to put towards another car. What are you? But the unknown factor is what the premium's gonna end up being down the line For sure. What are you paying now for the insurance? He's paying almost 300 monthly. Okay. He's 21. So he's at that high risk. Yeah.


So he's already paying high to begin with. Well I'm just gonna do the math and go, okay. Let's say, you know, have you talked to an outside, you know, third party insurance agent to get an estimate on the broker? What This could be the broker? Yes. This is the same broker that got us this, his insurance just this March we called him And he said he could add 800 a month potentially, Or just up to 800. It Could be, it could be because he, now he's gotta go out and find someone else that's gonna insure him with a second claim. Yeah. And he said it could be, it could be as high as 800 a month. He doesn't know. Well If, if it's 800 a month, absolutely it's not worth it because that's 10,000 a year. Yeah. That you're now paying to file that claim to get ten one time.


But That's worst case scenario. That's Worst case. Right. So that's where I'm going. Is there a way to figure it out without running the claim? I don't know that there is without actually running it through your insurance. Yeah, he, he said he could start doing some research for us, but I mean he would have no way to know exactly what that amount is. He's just given us the worst case. So I don't know. My husband feels like, so we invested so much money in it, that's why you paid premiums. We need to put the claims through, we need to get recoup some of our loss. I said Yeah, but as a parent, do I want to strap the son, our son with this huge pre possible huge. How did the Car stolen, Melissa? Where, where was it stolen out?


It was At a, in a parking lot. I, in the parking lot it got stolen. It Just like hot wired it and took off or was the key in there? The key wasn't in there. I guess they somehow got in there and got it going and then, And you can't find it. I mean it, it's have you Report it, can't find it. Police report and all that. Did the police Report? Geez. Yeah, we did the police report and unfortunately the police did not responding. We've been calling for days to get an update because we've never had this happen before. So we checked online, they said, oh wait about five days. Sometimes it shows up. Yeah. But we can't get the police to call us back to get any update. So we're gonna assume it. It's gone. It's at a chop shop, it's gone and we gotta make decisions because he's got a job. It's already become inconvenient trying to get him to and from work.


Sure. So that's why I say it needs to be quickly. How old Decided is He? He's 21. And does he have any money saved? Not much. A little under 3000 saved. He doesn't have a job that's like a career job right now. He's still working at it. He's just not there yet. And do you guys have money to basically gift him a car? Right now We do, but my husband's a little irritated because we've already done that once. Yeah. And there's a part two, Melissa, he's 21. You know, like Yeah, It's tough. He's, He's kind of gotta Get some skin in the game here. Yeah. I would want him. Right. Well he was paying us back. He paid us back for the motor. He was paying us back a half of what the car costs.


So he was putting get, you know, he was contributing. Yeah. But it's just horrible timing. He wasn't done paying his half of the car and it's just, we're just all just not sure what to do here. And I thought well let's call the guys that that know about money. What makes sense. Yeah. It's hard to do when the numbers are so variable. 'cause usually we just look at the math and go, is this gonna ROI? This make sense to do from a mathematical standpoint. But there's too many unknowns here to say for sure do this. Now if I'm in your shoes, I might just save up and get him a cheap used car instead of That's exactly what the broker said. He said, I asked him, said, what would you do if it was your son?


He said, I would just get a a cheap car and we're Not gonna get him a $14,000 car. We're gonna get 'em a $4,000 car. You know? And I thought that too. And I started looking and then I realized, I remember Dave RAMSEY said about, oh it's Covid and these car prices are through the roof and oh my gosh, they are. I couldn't find anything under 10 that didn't have Where are you looking? Have like over a hundred thousand Miles. Well it's a, I don't care if it has 160,000 miles, find him an old Toyota Honda. I don't care if it's a 1999. Those things will go forever. And Melissa, he and he needs to be looking too. Like I'm hearing you as the mom, which I'm, I get, but also he's 21. I'm 20, he's 21. Like he needs to, this is his, this is his problem.


You know what I mean? Like you guys obviously are are there supporting him, but I do it, have him Involved every step of the process. I want him to be bringing you ideas and, and Maybe he pays half of the car and you go, Hey, we're gonna put in two grand. You're gonna put in two grand, we're gonna find you a $4,000 car. We're gonna negotiate it off Facebook marketplace. You're gonna take it to get it inspected. And I think that will help him see this car differently. Okay. Okay. Yeah, because I was just looking at dealerships. I mean I would look at it. No, Your options are gonna be Facebook marketplace, Craigslist. Yeah. And Autotrader and sort by lowest price in your area. Yeah. Maybe even drive a few miles to go find this car. That's, that's a good deal. And at that price point too, Melissa, it's amazing what just cash will do.


Go get $5,000 cash. Yes. Bring it to the house and say, Hey, here's what I got. And you may even get a good deal. Right. I mean I know, I know used car prices are insane right now, but still, there's still some, some ways to yes, get a deal and negotiate all of that. But it would be through more of a, it would be an individual, not a dealer. I would not go through a dealership. The dealers aren't messing with cars that cheap right now. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. So my takeaway is your suggestion if you are in our shoes, not do the claim, get a cheap car and just, just keep that, you know, for a few years and then go from there. Yeah. And I'm gonna still stay on that police report I'm going to. I mean, cars turn up, it's crazy and it may take a few weeks, but if it's not in the chop shop yet, it may just be sitting somewhere and someone's driveway.


Okay. Without the plates on it, who knows what they did. But it's amazing how these things turn up. So still keep track of that, but at the same time go, how much are we willing to put in? Have him, you know, maybe come in with half of that money and have him start looking and have him make the decision. Okay. Alright. You guys are wonderful. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thanks, Melissa. That's a tough situation. Goodness gracious. That Is hard. That's, That's insult to injury. And I'm like, you know, and I guess obviously the insurance agent knows, but I'm like, if it's, if it's, if your car is stolen, I mean, I guess obviously your insurance goes up. Like that's one of those things where I'm like, is it your fault? You know what I mean? Because it, the different claims depending on the situation are also different. Yeah. I don't, So I'm not in that world.


But it, it is frightening to think about that someone could just get in your car and take off. I know. Wild times. Yep. Wow. Well that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Our thanks to Austin, Callie, Ben, James, Andrew, and of course my co-host Rachel Cruz. And who could forget about you America, we appreciate you listening in. We'll be back with you before you know it.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or recession business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning@netsuite.com slash RAMSEY. It's free@netsuite.com slash RAMSEY.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about your life and your money. I'm George Campbell RAMSEY personality. Joined today by Rachel Bestselling, author and host of the Rachel Crew Show. And we're here for you this hour, answering your money questions, your life questions. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number to call. If you call and you're nice, Kelly will patch you through and we can try to help you take the right next step for your money. Is she The judge? Kelly? She's The judge. She's the holder. She holds the keys. Kelly's the filter. She's the dj. Do I like you, do I not Kelly's Confused. Know Kelly, we think Yay or nay. Well Rusty is kicking us off.


He's in Mansfield, Ohio. Rusty, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thanks for having me. Thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. And So I, I'm getting ready to graduate college here in May and I'll be a pharmacist once I pass my boards. I'm 36, my wife's 32. I have a whole bunch of student loan debt, about $342,000 in student loan debt. Whoa. I have a, yeah, I have about 9,000 in credit cards. We have about 34,000 tied up in cars. And then I have a personal loan from a family member, which kind of includes a house that put down their house collateral with a balloon loan.


Wow. So we've just been paying the interest to kind of live here. Oh geez. How much, how much is that Plan? The house was only 51,000, but in total with other money I owe it's about 97. $98,000. So what's the total debt that you owe? 482,000. Oh Rusty, how are you feeling? Are you okay? Yeah, I'm, I'm all right. I, I'm more worried than you are. I started listen to your show about a year ago and you know, I felt like I needed to pursue the pretty big shovel 'cause I was almost done with school. So I have a job lined up. I'll start.


How much are you gonna be making After I pass my boards, I'll be making 108,000 and that's, I have a job that'll be seven days on and seven days off. So I plan on picking up another job. Good, good. You know, to Yep. Awesome. Yep. Okay. And is that your household income or is there more money? My wife brings home about four 50 a week. So What is she doing? But What does that, what does that pan out to? What do you think she'll make this year? She just started this job a few months ago, so I'm gonna say maybe around 30 to 35, somewhere in that range. What, what is she doing? She's a customer service rep for a company. Okay. Is that full-time?


Yes. Okay. Do you guys have kids? We do not. That's something else I kinda wanted to throw in there. So she, we have issues so we'll probably have to do like an IVF if we want to have kids. Okay. So I wasn't sure if you know where that would fit in either because Yeah, she's, we're getting kind of older and it's coming towards that time or not at all, so Totally. Wow. So how can we help today? I just, I just kind of need a plan of, I guess where to start. So the, the house doesn't have to be refinanced for another three to four years before they call for that blue loan.


So I wasn't sure if I should pay on other stuff for three years or so other And you get out of this house situation With other debt. Yeah. How is it, is it the house that you are living in that has the mortgage and the loan and everything? Or is it the family members? So My mother put her house is collateral for this house. 'cause this house is technically worth a little bit more. So it's her house that is on the line I guess. And how much do you have left? How much is left on the house? Oh, we've just been paying the interest. So the whole amount. Oh, Rusty, you're gonna have to get, how Much will it sell for?


I honestly don't know because Here's the deal, rusty, y'all In 2017, Say again? We, we got it in 2017, so it's been a little while. I'm sure it's probably in this market went up a little bit, But Yeah, I'm, yeah, probably has. So here's the thing, rusty, you're in kind of a extreme situation with everything going on and the amount of debt, which means in order to make movement you're gonna have to make some extreme moves. And we don't always recommend selling a home and that kind of thing to get outta debt. 'cause for some people it's like, hey, you got $12,000 of credit card debt and we're like, awesome. Cut everything and pay it off as fast as possible. But you, I mean it's a substantial amount, almost half a million dollars. And so if you wanna start making some big moves, that's where I'm gonna start looking first and foremost is like, where are the places that we can make some drastic moves?


And I know you guys want a family in the future and that's amazing and, and we can definitely talk about that later on in this call. But like you don't have kids right now, nothing's tying you down to this house. Like I would start eliminating stuff in your cars. You got $34,000 of car debt. How is that between both cars or is that Yes. Yeah, that's between both. Between both cars. What are The cars worth? So we owe about a little over 10,000 on one. It's probably worth about 12 or 13. And then we have about 23 7 on the other one and it's about 25 worth. 25 or 26. Six. Okay. Well man, if I'm in your shoes, I'm feeling, feeling a sense of urgency and I'm going, we are selling these cars tomorrow and we're gonna drive beater cars.


We are selling this house next month and we are gonna live somewhere that we can afford and A one bedroom and we tiny apartment this up. I mean like, I mean I'm talking yes, making these extreme. This is an emergency situation And the $9,000 credit card debt, all of it. So like Rusty Yes. What George is saying and I totally agree with like, there needs to be this sense of, okay, in order to make a dent and half a million dollars of debt, we gotta just make some moves. And so that's right. Selling the car, selling the house, and then mapping out a game plan. So you're gonna make 108 KA year, but then that's every other week. So finding a job ASAP of what you can do every other week. Your wife's making 35,000 in this market. Honestly, I think she can make more. I would be looking for a different job.


Like I would be upping, I would be making huge lifestyle changes because when you do that, what's gonna end up happening is you're gonna, you're gonna have all this other margin to throw at the debt. You're not going to, you guys are gonna be living on nothing. Everything's gonna be going towards that because if you're not making these types of decisions, you're gonna be in this for a really long time. And your patterns so far rusting not to shame you, but your patterns so far of the decisions you guys have made with the credit card debt, the car loans, your mom taking out, you know, collateral in her house with a balloon mortgage, like your whole mindset has to shift. Like you have to have this realization. What we've done has not worked. So we're actually gonna have to do the opposite of everything I thought I was gonna do with money and so it at you and your wife together like making this.


Because what I would do too is, and sorry George, you can jump in, but like is having your why, what's your why? And for you guys to start a family and Yes, and I, and we've had close dear friends go through this process, multiple friends go through the IVF process and it's long, it's exhausting, it's strenuous sad. I mean there's all that emotion and then obviously the prayer of being able to have a family on the other side of that, I want that to be your why. Like, like sacrificing so majorly to say over here is what we want our lives to be. And in order to do that so well as stress free as possible with as much money in the bank, these are the decisions we have to make. Yeah. And make sure you're cash flowing that IVF treatment. Don't go into debt for it, which means we gotta clean this thing up and use that.


Why? Listen, your life at this rate is gonna suck for 10 to 20 years. I don't want that for you. I want it to suck for two years because you got gazelle intents, you sacrifice, you did everything you could for your family for that future kid. That's what I want for you. Rusty. I'm gonna gift you one year of RAMSEY plus I want you and your wife to go through all the financial peace university videos, get a game plan, get on the EveryDollar budget and start attacking this thing with a vengeance because your life depends on it. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey, it's that time of year, it's starting to get a little bit colder. It's getting a little bit dark earlier and sometimes if you're like me, you just wanna stay inside and get cozy. And for me, my perfect cozy night is me and all of my family piled under blankets, watching a movie, sitting by the fire, maybe even reading a book. Listen, whatever your perfect night in looks like sometimes therapy can feel a bit like that. A time when you can settle in. Finally exhale, replenish your energy and begin to take care of yourself. Therapy's a great way to bring yourself some comfort during the chaos and rush of the holiday season or any other time of year. Taking the time to pause and be mindful is one of the reasons I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist just about anytime and just about anywhere, so it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a therapist and you can switch therapists for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delon.


I don't know about you, but I love the new year. It's a fresh start and I get to reflect on the good things I wanna keep doing and the not so good things I wanna change. And I know a lot of you are psyching yourself up thinking, okay, this year I've got to get my finances in order. And big goals like that are really exciting, but they can also be overwhelming. That's why it's so important to have a plan. So before you do anything else, start with a budget. Start with every dollar. I love every dollar because it's so easy to plan out your spending and keep track of it every month. Plus, most people free up on average, $400 in their first budget to go towards their goals. Guys, this can be an amazing year. And if you choose just one good habit to start, choose budgeting. Download the every dollar budgeting app for free today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Rachel Cruz.


Our RAMSEY show question of the day is brought to you by why refi student loan debt is a swamp. Thousands of people find it hard to escape from. So don't be another statistic in the student loan swamp for distressed private student loans. There's why refi. We trust Y refi because they help you with a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and get out of debt. Learn more@yrefi.com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Nathan n Kentucky. I'm 14 years old and I was just wondering what is a good way to try and become to try and become at least a hundred dollars? Oh a oh gosh, a hundred million. Wait. A Hundred, a hundred million. A hundred millionaire. By the time I'm, I didn't know That was a term already. I wasn't sure either. I was just wondering because I discovered you guys on TikTok. Look at us, George. And I thought to myself that y'all had good information and I just wanted to know if it's possible. Thank you for your time. Wow. I'm doing the math for our friend Nathan here. Rachel. It's not looking good. A hundred million. Do you wanna know what it takes, Rachel? I would actually would love to Know.


Okay. It takes, get this, you would have to invest from the age of 14 to the age of 30 and we're gonna assume a 10% rate of return. Sure. Okay. Yeah. From 14 to 30 you would have to invest every single month, $220,000. So there's the true answer, Nathan. Nathan. But because now your hope has been stolen from us, lemme Give You some different advice. Do do a million. Do 1 million. 1 million to Get to a million. Okay. Well that's, so that would Be it. That would be, what'd you say? Two, 2000 a month at that point. 220 grand was for a hundred million. Yeah. So if we take it down to 20 grand, that's 10 million. That's pretty good. I'm gonna go's Lets go. Five grand a month would get you to two.


So 2 million, just About 20. Like 2000? Yeah. Just About 2200 bucks a month. All right. From 14 to 30. Okay. All right. We're, that's, we're, That's still a lot of money for a 14-year-old to be socking Away. We're, we're at least got a bullseye we can look for. Okay. So Nathan, I would encourage you to get beyond this like label of quote unquote millionaire. 'cause I think a lot of people believe if I just had this amount of money, whether It's 1 million or a hundred Million, yeah. Everything's gonna just be fine and I'm gonna be okay. And the truth is, financially, numbers wise, there's a good chance Yeah. That you, you know, that's really gonna help you. But your money habits are gonna be a big part of this and who you are as a person.


Nathan is gonna have a big part in this. 'cause there are people, I would say, that have millions of millions and are still very discontent people. And they're still running this race, acquiring, trying to find some level of joy and peace in life. And they're not finding it through money, because money does not bring that, it can bring stability. It can bring you the ability to do things with your life that is fun and have experiences like that is all true. But there is, I would say, a bigger character question there of why do you wanna have this millionaire status? And to go ahead and bust the bubble that just because you reach that does not mean that life is suddenly gonna be perfect for you.


That's, I feel like that's the myth out there, you know? Oh, yeah. Well, And if I can just do this and by 30, you know, there's like kind of that whole, the fire movement and it's like we're, I'm not gonna do anything with my life. Save The same, if this doesn't happen by this age, then my life is over and I've failed, Right? Yes. Yes. It's insane. So I just, I rebuke all of the get rich quick. Even if it's with decent intentions and you wanna do it the less risky way, there's just no good reason that any human needs to make hundreds of millions. Or even I need to have a million by this age. Right. And the truth is, Nathan, if you follow the RAMSEY baby steps, you're going to get there by 30. Your net worth will be a million dollars or more just by staying out of debt, stacking up cash, buying a home, getting the house paid off, investing 15% of your income over time.


Compound growth is gonna take over and, and do the heavy lifting for you. So that's the not fun answer. But I do think we need a new book from Dave called Baby Steps 100 Millionaires. I looked it up. It's called Sent to Millionaire, is the term Sent Millionaire. That's right. Oh, So it is a thing. Senti millionaire is, you have a hundred million more. Yeah. I'm not cool. I I wasn't Your word's not mine. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying. Well, thank you for the que You know, Nathan, it was a good brain exercise. Even if it wasn't a pretty wild question ask. It's great to ask. Good for you, Nathan. But the Fact that a 14-year-old thinking that way, he's gonna be the, the world changer out there. Sure. Because it's gonna take being an entrepreneur to make that kind of money. Or even close. Yeah. You know, you're not gonna make that as a W2 employee likely, but I wish you the best.


Maybe Nathan will be calling in at 30, being like, Hey, just so you guys know, I have a hundred million, I'm a, wait, what was it called again? A cent time. Millionaire Cent. Now Al her Mozy. You know the super beef cake dude, we've had him on the show and he's, he's a cent time millionaire. Oh. And he's an entrepreneur. That's how he did it. That's great. And he's about my age. So call me a failure. Many, many do. Many Do. You're still working, George. You know I'm here. I'm doing it. Still got feel. So today I just do it 'cause I Love it. Rachel. I haven't had to work in years. I'm kidding. All right, let's go to the phones. INR is in Oslo, Norway. We're going international. No, we're going overseas. Here we go. What's going on iar? Hi guys. It's such an honor to talk to both of you.


I'm great. What time is it there? One Right now it's 24 past 9:00 PM Wow. Alright. Thanks for staying up with us. Appreciate it. Thanks for the call. Yes. What's your question? Thank you. Okay. My question for is how do my wife and I decide the amount and the amount of our personal line items in the budget? So I'm a firm believer that equal isn't always necessarily fair because for instance, a haircut for her is much more expensive than mine. Unless you're George Kamel. It is the opposite in the camel household.


Right. But yes, it's a good point. Yes. And you two are the perfect couple to answer this with a woman and man a spender as savers. So, Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that the amounts totally could be different. And I'll be honest, Winston and I, well I think we may budget the same amount, but I spend mine every month. Sure. And Winston probably rarely blows through his fund money. Yeah, He may. I don't even, yeah, so we probably technically could budget less for him and he would be fine. I mean, he wouldn't Spend it, but it's just equal in the budget. Yeah, I was gonna say it is equal in the budget. I'm, you're making me question why do we do that? Why do we not just correct it to what's reality in the cruise household?


I'm not sure because I don't think Winston would care, but if you lowered his amount No. And if Winston wanted to buy something, like Yeah, That's how it goes. We're gonna figure that out once a year. Winston goes, I wanna buy this. And he just does it. It, yeah. He spends all his money in one. Rachel Like, Ooh, how much fun money do I have this Month? Yeah. So I would, I would agree. I do not think that it has to be equal, but I would, I, and I say that cautiously hearing people that are listening or watching us now that are not in your position. 'cause you're saying that yours would be lower than hers, correct. Correct. Yes. So I think that is, that is totally fine. But I don't want some crazy spouse out there listening and being like, oh my gosh, mine gets to be higher and you should lower yours. See? Like, like, like that? Yeah. Oh, like, do I hurt on the show?


They said the husbands should be lowered. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I don't wanna like create, you know, conflict between married couples out there. But if the reality is, is that you are naturally a saver and you're not gonna spend as much as she spends, then yeah. I think it's reality should reflect the budget. So I would for sure and not feel bad about that. 'cause you're right, I mean, as technically speaking, women I think do spend more, George is the exception here. You got the right co-host In this. But here's the other thing. I don't have any hobbies Except for your dogs and your hair. Exactly. And coffee. And coffee. But I don't go crazy there. But you spend more than, do you spend more than Whitney though? A month? I wouldn't say in fun money. Okay. 'cause I don't, again, I don't have fun.


I went to a movie last night and I was like, wow, I'm really living. That's it. So I r Can you give us a number here? Like, I don't know, what's the, what's the currency in Norway? Is it a kroner Kro? Yes, correct. But to keep it simple, we can just divide the total amount in Norwegian croner to by 10. And we got the Got It. The dollar amount. Oh, okay. Okay. We bring in around 6,000 a month and Right. For the next month we set up actually equals, so 200 each, but last month we set up five, 450 for her and two, 200.


And it worked out. So It, yeah, sure it worked out. But she feels kind of guilty sometimes. Oh, see, that's something we can deal with outside of this. Yeah. But it has nothing to do with the budget. It's just she feels like it should be more equal and she feels bad spending, but the budget is permission to spend. It is. And it should be a reflection of reality. And the reality is, her, you know, what she spends per month is going to be more than yours. And, and that's, that's totally okay. Regardless of who brings in the money. Put it all together. You say, what is our reality of our life? And that's how we're gonna budget.


Hey guys, no matter what your goals are in 2025, our New Year's sale has tools and resources you need to get the year started. Strong with prices starting at just $9 and 99 cents. Whether you wanna make progress with your money, grow in your career, or create a more peaceful life, you can achieve your goals. And these books and products can help shop the New Year's Sale now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We are taking your calls. And up next we have Seth in New Orleans. Hey Seth, welcome to the show. Hey, thanks for having me. Absolutely. How can we help? Well, I mean, not to be too long with it, but 2018 I rolled around and Dave came out to church nearby my house and went and listened to him talk and you know, I've been broke and working hard and decided that I'd follow him and be working hard, not broke. And over the last couple years I've worked real hard and put a lot of, you know, seeds in the ground.


And this holiday had some of my family over and I have a new property and some, some new space and they wound up, you know, asking about the mortgage. We're working on some land and or us with mortgage and, you know, just kind of said, I don't have mortgage on the property. And then, you know, one thing came to another and we, it, it came out that we had a lot more money than my family had ever thought you could have. And it, it's caused quite a bit of, quite a bit of a hum dig around the, the family. So, So have they that asked you for money or are they just upset and envious that you don't have debt and you're not strapped with payments?


Oh yeah. No. All yes sir. All of it. Yes sir. Oh man. So they straight up said, Hey, you doing pretty well boy, aren't you? You got any of that money laying around for us? Like, was it joking or was it pretty serious? No, I mean we went out for a, we had a mess of kids, you know, and so we went out one night for something and, and the ice cream was there and I was like, oh, you know, you told my kids grab ice cream, whatever kids grab ice cream. I ended up getting ice cream for, which isn't a big thing anymore. And you know, they like, oh, it must be nice, you know. And then the next night they were saying, you know, we're going out to dinner and my wife was, oh, only went to dinner, family over. So I was like, oh, just the two of us will go out and they're like, oh, you got us, we can go too. Just duh. No, I do not, I do not have you. So There's, there's assumptions I have and entitlement now of like, well he'll cover it.


'cause he's doing pretty well, so he should cover it expectation. Yeah. And is this your direct parents? Like who, everyone who in, who's involved here? Everyone. Yeah. No, everyone asked throughout the course of the two weeks after that, you know, they found out about aunts, Uncles, cousins doing Different. Yes, sir. All the above. Got phone calls and everything. Goodness gracious. It's like you won the lottery people or something, but it's taken You, how much money do you guys actually have? A lot. I mean, I don't know a lot for everyone is a lot for what I thought we, you know, my wife and I picked up, we stopped whining and started working, which is kind of our joke to us. And I don't know, we put some things together and right now, I think on, we did our net worth at the end, beginning of the year, and it was about right under four, 4 million.


Oh My goodness. That's great. That is amazing. How old are you? Two? Yeah, My, I'm three seven. We're three seven. So That's Incredible. And this is mostly your family? Not hers? No. Her, her family doesn't know, and, and they, I mean, you're like, They're not going to, we're not telling anybody else After this debacle. Oh yeah. They're good though. They're all square. They're not, they're not my side. They're, they'd be like, oh, good for you. Alright. Is your family local, Seth? Do you guys have like day-to-day interaction with them? Not so much right now, but yes ma'am. Yes Ma'am. Okay. But they're local and you guys usually would like, kind of do life together. Yeah. You, you do dinners together, like they're a part of your rhythm in life.


Yes, Ma'am. Okay. Hmm. Seth, it's about, it's about to get uncomfortable. How do you, a lot of hard conversations. Are you like pissed about it or are you confused with it? Or are you, do you feel bad? Like what, what's your overall emotion? Well, I was, I was upset the first night and So I ended up calling everyone together the next night and I was like, listen, my responsibility to take care of my wife and my kids, and I'm gonna do that. And I, I, I told 'em I would put them through FPU, you know, and I wrote a list of all the books I read. I mean, I picked up majority of all's books and the library's free, you know, and So I was like, I tell you, all the books are right. You can read those, you know, I'll tell you what I did around, They're not interested in Learning. That's, well, no, that's pretty bold, Seth.


The Yeah, I'm proud of you. The next night I was expecting us to have like a conversation about setting a boundary. You just did it the day after. So then how do they respond to that? They asked for, for you to pay for their dinner, I think. Yeah. Yeah, pretty much. You know, and they're like, well, if you don't have it or you don't wanna share, you know, and it, it was just a lot of guilt. And so I've been wrestling with it for a couple months now, and I was listening to y'all show and I was like, yeah, well, I should probably just call and say, Hey y'all, I mean, you guys have money. I don't have a lot of people in my life to have money. So, you know, I have new friends, I guess. But it's hard to say, you know, to your brother looking at you like, Hey, I know you got $10,000 for a business. Like, I don't have $10,000 for your business. I'm sorry, that's not what I have.


This is not bank, But I'm not there. That's Right. Well, you've approached this with a lot of tact and wisdom and maturity, which I applaud you for. And the fact they're even willing to have the hard conversation tells me that there is hope here. But it may take a few of these conversations and enough times to where they get the hint, and you know what, that might hurt these relationships. These people may not want to hang out and go to dinner because they have some own resentment that they, you know, some poison they've been drinking. Yeah. And So I don't want that to be a reflection on you, and it's going to be painful in some of these situations, but you have to do what's right for your family, and you can't let this generosity turn into requirement because that takes all of the joy out of it.


Yeah. And Seth, and you've Yeah. And just so you know, and I know you probably know this, but just to say it out loud, like you've done nothing wrong. Right. And I feel like what can happen is they can pin you in a corner where you feel like suddenly if you don't do something, you're doing something wrong because Yeah. Do you have the means? Yeah, you guys do, but you're an adult and you get to decide what you do. Just like what you told them. What you, your responsibility is to you and your family. And what you do beyond that is up to you. But by you existing with this money, that is not a wrong, you're not, you're not in the wrong. And I feel like sometimes you can feel like, oh my gosh, I've done, I've, I'm the one that's done something that's not good or not okay. And so just remember that, that you haven't done, you haven't done anything wrong.


And the truth is, and George said it, but it probably sadly will create a divide. And I wish that wasn't the case, but I feel like they've proven themselves after you set a pretty strong boundary and were were very honest and clear. They chose to overstep that boundary and ask you to pay for dinner that night. So I think you have to have a realization too. And, and you probably already have, but you and your wife stick together as a team and just realize, oh my gosh, sadly, they, they don't have the maturity to handle this part of your life that, that you brought them into. Right. By sharing this information. And that's sad because it, it may end up causing a divide and stronger boundaries that you're gonna have to set.


Yeah, no, I, I, I agree. The the thing that I kept pushing for was they could do it too, you know? Yeah. That's what was hard. My heart was, and I'm not trying to withhold from them. I'm trying to, you know, like I, I'll walk with you. I'll tell you exactly how I did it. I wrote it all down. You know, I, I'll keep my budgets in paper, you know, I, I can tell you how I did it and yeah, there's a lot of luck and a lot of things, but you know, you, you, we could do it together. Like, I'll help you, you know, and they're just, no, I'm not interested in working. I mean, they used to make fun of me in the beginning when I said, oh yeah, I was gonna follow Dave Rams plan. They're like, no, don't, don't do that. You know, that's not gonna make any money. I was like, all right. Mean he seems to like his wife and his wife. I wanna do that too.


You know, like, let's Do it. Yeah. Yeah. That's, and that was my heart. I was like, they're not interested in learning entitlement runs far away from work. That's generally how it goes. And So I love the old quote, I think it's a Maya Angelou quote, when someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time. And if they show their character that this relationship is based on transactions and your forced generosity, then it's not a relationship. And they're choosing to opt out of that relationship if that's how they see you. And so the hardest part about all this is you grappling with the emotions of that it has nothing to do with them. Yeah. It's you feeling like it's really hard. I'm not the bad guy here. 'cause they're gonna gaslight you and go, man, I you're evil. I can't believe that you're So, I, you're so stingy after everything we did for you, remember when you were five and I took you, there's gonna be all kinds of things that bubble to the surface now.


Yeah. That's what I, you pretty much would nailed what my dad said. Yeah. A hundred percent hit him right on the head. Dang. Yeah, man. Yeah. It was an odd conversation. It's an odd place to be, but, you know, I, I don't know. I was thinking that maybe, maybe the best course would be, you know, bend The knee a little bit and Just best courses flee the country and change your name. But let's not do that. You know, Point to the witness program. We Yeah. The right courses. Have the hard conversations as many times as you need to. And then you need to draw the line and say, listen, we've talked about this several times. This is where I stand on it. I love you guys, but our relationship can't be based on transactions. Yeah. And again, they're choosing this like that.


You haven't done anything, you've just done the hard work for five, six years. Seth is a good man. I know. And, and, and this is what is being exposed and them, and you can't control them as much as your heart is so good and pure and wanting that you can't. And I think it's gonna be, it's gonna continue to create that divide and you're, you're gonna continue not to want to let them into your life, which is so sad with family. So, I'm so sorry Seth. I hope you feel encouraged though. You're doing good. This is The Ramsey Show.


Between Christmas shopping and holiday get togethers, investing might be the last thing on your mind. But there are certain things you might need to take care of before the year ends. And you don't have to do it alone. The Smart Vista program can connect you with a financial advisor near you. Whether you've got questions about retirement planning, required distributions, or anything in between, a smart ster Pro will walk you through what you need to know. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster to get connected. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Rachel Cruz. Open phones at triple eight eight two five five two two five. You call in, we'll help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Dan is up next in Chicago. How can we help Dan? Yeah, I'm a a, a pastor and I'm been most of my ministry, I've lived in a home that has been provided by the church and I'm getting ready to retire and my wife and I kind of feel like we need to buy a, a modest home in order to, you know, perhaps gain a little bit of equity and protect us from, you know, rising rents and things like that.


That's Wise. I'm Sorry. That is wise. I like that man. Why? It's no, it's wise. Sorry. There is wisdom in that then. I like that. Okay, so you wanna, you wanna buy a house when you retire next year? Yeah. How much money do you guys have? Well we we're gonna have about $2,000 a month after the Medicare deduction in social security. We've got about $350,000 in a 4 0 3 B account and we don't, we've got $50,000 cash, we don't have any debt. Just didn't know what the right move for us would be. Would is it better for us to go ahead and spend the money on rent or is it better for us to try to, to find a home that's in our price range and then take on a mortgage?


Well, I'll Give you the good news and bad news. The great news is you're gonna retire with no debt and an emergency fund. The bad news is you don't have much money to put into a house as a down payment to be able to afford the mortgage. 'cause you said your income is gonna be fixed at two grand a month in retirement. Yeah. Plus whatever we withdraw out of our three, our 4 0 3 B And the 4 0 3 B at three 50, I mean, it's not a massive nest egg that's gonna last us, you know, 30 years. And so how much money can you guys save in the meantime to get a down payment while you still are working? Well, I'm planning on, we're saving right now about $1,300 a month. Okay. And I'm planning on working, you know, another 10 or 12 months.


Yes. That'll be close to 15,000. Yeah. I mean, have you looked at homes? I know it says Chicago on the board where you're from, I, I guess a suburb of Chicago. Have you looked at homes and what they're costing? Yeah, we're really in a small town about west of Chicago and we feel like we can get a, a, a more than adequate home for us for, oh, you know, in the 1 1 41 50 range. Okay. Yep. I would sit down tonight and you know, pull up the mortgage calculator and say, Hey, if we put, let's say 50 down into a house we had a hundred thousand dollars mortgage, what would that be?


Monthly? Because my concern is if you're living off of 2K and you're probably not gonna be able to pull a ton off of that 4 0 3 B while it's sitting at this stage at three 50. 'cause you, you would decimate it if you took out 150 from that 4 0 3 BI mean that's a large part of your nest egg that you've unplugged from future compound growth. And So I would sit down to see does it make sense to rent, can we rent for, you know, seven 50 in our area versus the mortgage being 1200 bucks. That's the kind of math I'd be doing to see how can we live off of this income because it's not a lot of income to live off of just considering the two grand plus a little bit from the 4 0 3 B. Yeah, okay. But you wouldn't say to rent long term though, George, No.


Long term I'd rather have you in a house. Yeah. But right now it's just, there's not a ton of money to, to throw into the house and, and just purchase it with cash without just using up All of your retirement. And you may not have to purchase it in cash. He could put a down payment. You put 50 down, took a hundred thousand dollars mortgage. Yep. Yeah. I doubt the payment would be astronomically high. But again, if you're making two grand and the payment's a thousand bucks, that's a lot of your world just eaten up by the mortgage. Yeah, well I didn't know, didn't know what my options were. Could you work longer if you, could you do an extra year? Oh, I could. Yeah, that's, there's not there, I'm not under any pressure to retire or anything like that. I might just, just to Give you guys a little more wiggle room.


Allow your nest egg to grow, allow you to get more cash for the down payment. That would give me some more peace personally. Okay. Because you guys could get close to, I mean if you guys saved for the next two years, let's say you could save up to 30 grand in just that cashflow that you're, you know, living off of. Plus the 50 that you have that gets you close to 50% of a one 40 Yeah. Mortgage. You know what I mean? So like your, your math is it, it can compound pretty quick if you, if you do work maybe one more year. Yeah. And I, if I were you in your shoes and I would sit down with a financial advisor who can kind of crunch these numbers for you, but I wouldn't be comfortable taking out more than a thousand or 1500 bucks a month out of that 4 0 3 B because you guys might have another 30 years ahead of you that you need to live off of this.


Right. And so that's where the numbers coming from much. Yeah. How much are your expenses a month, Dan, for you guys? How much do you guys spend a month Right now? Probably about, I don't dunno, 28 to 3000, something like that. Okay. Okay. So yeah, So I think what George was, you know, saying that 3000 and, and That's without paying rent. That's right. That's right. So then, yeah, that's 4,000. Let's pretend that the mortgage was a thousand dollars. So that means you'll need 4,000 a month. And so you get the 2000 that you were saying comes in from social security and everything and making sure that you can withdraw again, that we're just speaking on, you know, round numbers here. Just napkin math would say, you know, taking out 2000 outta that nest egg every single month, you'd probably run outta money while your expenses may be going up later in life.


So that's my concern. I don't want you guys to be down to the wire every single year. That's not the kind of retirement I want to have. And so that's where I, we were saying pause work longer, keep stashing away in that nest egg stash money away for the down payment and then see where you're at a year or two from now. Okay. Alright. Well yeah, I appreciate your, your advice. Yeah, I hope that helps Dan, wish You the best in retirement For sure. And that's, you know, that's a common issue that we hear with people that do ministry and housing is provided is like, oh my gosh, that's great. I don't have to pay for, you know, rent or a mortgage. And then you get to Dan's age at retirement age and there hasn't been any intentional saving towards a house. Yeah. And then you're kind of stuck.


So if You're in that spot, here's what I would do if I was in your shoes, whatever you would be paying market rent, I would take that amount and put it away in an investment account. Yes. For as long as you have that career so that when you do retire you go, oh my gosh, we have 400 grand just allocated for housing for a House. 'cause you go Buy a place In cash and always remember that your housing line item in your budget is usually number one, the most expensive and number two the most volatile because rent especially will always be going up. That's what we've experienced right. Over the last few years. Like it continues to go up. It rarely if it never goes down. And so, so 20 years from now, Dan's rent might be four grand. Exactly. You don't know. So if you like just say, well I'm never gonna buy a house, I'm gonna just be a renter for the rest of my life.


Well that's one expense in your budget that's very expensive and we'll continue to go up. It's variable versus saying I'm gonna buy a home and I'm gonna work to pay it off. That's why it's baby step six. And we actually met somebody at the break, George, she just paid off her house on Tuesday. Yes. And someone else had paid off their house that was here for their 40th birthday. It was two in a row, two houses in a row that were people paid off their House at very young ages. Yes. And so that's the beauty is that line item again is, is outta the budget. So retirement has a lot more flexibility. That's right. When you get that house paid off going into retirement. So that's the goal, Rachel, we've got a really funnel assessment on the website right now that helps people figure out if they're, if they're staying on track with the baby steps. So you can take a quick quiz to check your progress and received a personalized plan just for you.


So here's how you get the get started assessment. Go to the show notes of this episode, the description, click on the link titled Are you on track with the Baby Steps? And you can complete the quiz. Yeah. And this is always helpful because especially if you're new to the show, a lot of people find this on podcast or YouTube and been listening just a little bit. You know, they're to know kind of where you stack up against other, other people, you know? Yeah. Other people, other Americans. But also against the plan just to kinda know where, where am I? Like how do I even start this process. It helps you really kinda get a baseline for it. And I think that's always helpful if you're, you know, money's an area for some people they don't really think about. You never had a plan. They don't really plan. Yeah. There's really plan. You've done 17 things at once. That's Right. Yes. But so to get actually a concrete idea of, okay, this is exactly the next thing I need to be doing.


It's a great tool. So make sure to check it out. Can I tell you one of my secret gear grinders? Oh, I can't wait. When people say, so Rachel, we've been doing the baby steps just out of order and I go, well then you're not doing the baby steps if you're investing and trying to pay off debt and saving and you bought a house while you're in debt. I'm like, don't say you're doing the baby steps out of order. Just tell me you're not doing the baby steps. Tell me you're personal Ing. Just a personal little, Little, little grudge there, George. You just feel That, you know, it's rare that I'm bothered by something. I'm kidding. Well, George is not uptight at all. No worries. I don't Called it up Tight. Not tightly won High standards. Maybe We're gonna unwind them. Enjoy this Friday. Well, Hey, we'll do that after this hour's over for all of you listening to the show on YouTube or podcast.


It is about to end, but you can listen to the rest of the show. We got more to come over on the Ramsey Network app. You can finish the show in a distraction free experience. So go check out the Ramsey Network app in the app store completely free and you can catch a whole nother hour of this. So don't miss it. Click the link in the show notes or go watch the rest of the show in the app for free. We'll see you over there.


What up, what up? It's Dr. John Delony from The Dr. John Delony Show with some amazing news. The latest episode of United States of Anxiety is available right now exclusively on the Ramsey Network app. This docuseries follows real people from my show as they embark on a 90 day journey to transform their lives. And I personally walk alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. And don't forget to click the link in the show notes to download the app. What's up Kelsey? So I've lived with crippling anxiety for as long as I can remember. How do I stop it from constantly coming up in different areas of my life? What does crippling anxiety mean? Paint me a picture of that. All right, so you ready to jump in? I'm ready to jump in. We're gonna check in with Kelsey. 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. I cannot even function because I am just crying. My mom left us when I was four. I truly felt like for a while I had no family. She's experiencing things that really hurt a long time ago. Tell me about this boy. He triggers me a lot. Scared of Bruce and Paul. Scared of doing the wrong thing. Scared of not being enough. It just feels like it would be exhausting to be Kelsey. It is. Whenever somebody's playing whack-a-mole with their anxiety, when it just keeps moving, that tells me the underlying system's not okay. How do I get my inner child out of this relationship? Because I feel like she's running the show. One of two people that's supposed to never leave took off. I was this, I was this burden. You burden that's right to the one person who should carry it. All of it. Did you ever tell that little girl that it wasn't her fault? I don't know what to do. Do you either have to choose to let this guy love you or you gotta choose to let this guy go.