
Live from the Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by Dr. John Delony, and we're taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. You jump in, we'll talk about your life, your money, your relationships, whatever is going on. We're gonna put it out in front of everyone to help you take the right next step. Jillian is gonna kick us off in the great city of Scranton, Pennsylvania. What's going on Jillian? Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Mine is not so much a money problem. My parents sold our family farm to my two oldest sisters.


Without telling me, without telling anybody, without a conversation, I found out accidentally. I'm just wondering, how do I deal with the lack of respect? Oh, man. What, what was the, what's the story? The farm has been in my family since 1852. It is totally my mother's farm. I understand that it is her choice to do with what she wants. I don't have a problem with that. I'm happy it's staying in the family. I have a problem with it. I have a problem on your behalf. Sounds Like she has a problem with you if she left you out of this. Yeah. Why? Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. I didn't even have to say anything. You, you're welcome. You, And if my mom just gave the kitchen table to my sister without at least letting me know, I'd at least like, like really, right.


I mean, like, that's a huge thing. You Have a right to be upset. Yeah. Be upset. What? Yeah. Well, I, and also, I'm not even supposed to know, here's the kicker, I'm not supposed to know. There is no one who is supposed to know. I found out, let me rephrase that. My son found out by accident, so I'm not, I'm really not upset. I'm glad it's staying in the family. I just, I'm upset because of the lack of conversation that she didn't trust me enough to have a conversation with her. That's it. That's it. So there's a, you are right. Mom can do with mom's stuff, whatever she wants to do. And I'll also say this, I hear on this show nightmare after nightmare of parents who have land and they just leave it all to all to the kids.


Right. Right. That's always a disaster too. Well, They have the money to, to fund it. Now, my situ financial situation is different from my sisters. They have the money to take care of it. Whereas my financial situation is a little bit different. So I completely understand. And I am not resentful of them for their wealth. I'm not resentful of my mother for hers. I'm very glad that they're going to take care of it. I'm just upset that she didn't trust me enough to have a conversation. Yeah. I don't ask her for money. Yeah. I don't live with her. I don't, Hold on, hold on. Depend on her. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. You don't have to qualify it. Right? You don't, you don't have to go through a litany of reasons why you have permission to be heartbroken that your mom didn't even honor you enough with a, with a conversation that Your sister, well, I know why she didn't, but why she doesn't approve that I'm, I'm divorced.


She does not approve of it at all. She, Ah, geez. Okay. What about, what about your sister? Why didn't your sister sit down and say, Hey, here's the deal. Same reason they said they still have dinner with my ex-husband like every, almost every other week. So you were excommunicated from the family post divorce. Yeah. Is That right? That's a bigger thing going On here. Yes, yes, yes. You know, that could old Catholicism, you know, an annulment chin. You know, I was, when I got divorced, I didn't even care about an annulment. My ex-husband went for the annulment. And let's just say the, the tribunal. If you've ever been through an annulment or know anything about it, it's not fun. It's not pretty. No, but, but here's The thing, and I wish it on anyone. This is, this is bigger than the farm. This is, I mean, your parents, your family still having a relationship with your ex-husband.


So like there's a very real, they chose him over you. Yes. Yes they did. Okay, So, so let's just stop there. Put a period. That's where the pain is at. You have a right to be upset and sad. Okay. Yeah. You know what? I thought I was over 'cause it was 10 years ago. I mean, the divorce was 10 Years ago. The divorce was 10 years ago. Yeah. And it wasn't pretty. I mean, he left, I, I won't even go into it, but it, it was just a nasty Yeah, it okay. Time in my life. Okay, let's put a period at the end of it. Let's don't go into it. How can I help you today? Yeah, because No, I'm just, I I just needed to know that I'm not, You're not crazy. No. And I'm not being gaslighted, like, it's not my own mind gaslighting me that I did something wrong here. I mean, you might have, but it was a, I might have, but 10 years ago, and adults have regulated, mature adults have hard conversations.


And if your, if your mother, she's allowed to do what she wants to do with her money and if she feels in her soul that you violated some sort of moral contract that sh that so to the point that she's gonna cut you out of 200 or a hundred year old family property, fine. But yes, I agree with you that you're worth a conversation And yeah, that's all I was, I guess There's a cowardly aspect. There's a cowardly aspect to, I'm going to, like, I'm, I'm gonna do this thing, but then I'm not gonna have the courage to be open and honest about my values. I'm gonna do it under the table. Right. I mean, my sisters, I can understand we've never had the best relationship.


So I understand where my sisters took a step back. I totally understand that. I don't, but I, I'll, I'll trust you. That you do here, here's the thing. All of this has happened, period. At the end of that sentence, the question that you have to answer is what are you gonna do now? And here's a hard truth I'm gonna give you every second that you choose to dwell on. This is a choice for you to be miserable in the present and in the future. This has happened, Right? And it's a, it's, it's not cool a betrayal. Whatever words you wanna say, all those are real. But then the big question is, what are you gonna do now? Well, you know, the Bri I'm not upset for me, but I'm upset.


Yes you are. Yes, you're, and be okay. I'm upset for my daughter because she loves this property. She loves this land. She moved in with, is she not Allowed to go on it? She is. In fact, she is living with my parents. Like, great. They then Let her off. When my daughter and I had an argument, my parents took her in. So, Okay, so great. You know, so let's, let's, like, I, I don't think you're being honest. I'm grateful for that. I don't think you're being honest with yourself. You are upset and it's okay to be upset. And it may come a day when you're, your, your sisters sell this to your daughter. That that's, that's a problem in the future, Right? That you have no control Over. You have no control over it. Let's just exhale and say, I've got a, I've got, I can feel my feelings.


I'm allowed to be sad and my daughter's living with my parents. I miss my daughter. Maybe you wanna repair that relationship, et cetera. Move on, on and on, whatever. But let's stop trafficking in the, here's the thing they did. Yes. What they did was not cool. Yeah. I'm all about having values and I'm all about, I'm all about putting a stick in the ground. But an adult has a hard conversation if they're gonna do something when it's related to values, period. Okay. Right. Did. And since they chose not to, I just, I ride then like, say nothing to them. I mean, I know, but What's it gonna, what's it gonna solve? They've already proven the themselves, what they think of you and your ability to have a conversation. Okay.


I mean, so they, they've they behavior's a language you can clearly see what they think about your ability to have a hard conversation. Correct. And you've been able to see their character. Correct. Okay. And I would say it's, I I, I'm gonna say it's my mother. It's not my father. I think he would've had that hard, hard conversation. 'cause he's not afraid to, is he still alive? He's very much one. Oh yeah. He's very much mar on The linet. He's not absolved of this either. No, but it was always in my mother's name. Like it was never, it Doesn't Matter. She came into it. Both Parents can choose to have a hard conversation. And if one person in a marriage is doing something that lacks integrity, the other person can say, well I'm gonna talk to my child.


Correct. He Was an accomplice in This too. Yeah, absolutely right? Yeah. Yeah. He would've had to sign the papers. So all this to say is yes, you have a right to have your feelings heard. And the question all of us need to ask whenever we find ourselves in hard moments like this, especially when we find out things happen in the past is ugh, we're gonna grieve it and then we're gonna ask ourselves, what are we gonna do? Now I'm gonna tell you, move to the future, man. Stop dwelling on this. 'cause you're just gonna be miserable in the present. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows student loan debt is a problem. It's me. My husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out. And you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote and less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for auto pay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from student loan debt. If you want 'em gone, you can't mess around. Go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel here with Dr. John Delony. Lexi is up next in New York City. How can we help Lexi? Hi. Good, good afternoon. I was just calling because I've come through realization that I've made a lot of really bad financial decisions. For a while. I was blaming my parents and being upset about it, but I feel like I should also take accountability. Yay. For it's a big day that I have. Yeah. Welcome. Welcome to adulthood. That's awesome. We're proud of you. Yes. So I just, I wanted to get some advice 'cause I'm in a lot of debt and I've been working on paying them off, but I still feel like I'm kind of drowning.


And my mom's currently asking me to help buy a house. And I don't know, like I, that's a hard that I just, Yeah, don't even know your financial situation and a hard no. Yeah. How bad is it? How much do you owe? So I'm in about $230,000 worth of debts and that's student loans and then some credit card debt. I did pay off one credit card recently and I closed the account. Yeah, I got that advice from yourself that I'm just working on finishing paying off the other one $230,000 in student loans. Like what? Are you a doctor?


No, but that is what my dad wanted me to become. So he talked me into taking out the loans and staying in school. What, what was the degree? And did you finish? Yes, I got two degrees. I got an undergrad in public health and then I got a master's in health administration. Oh Geez. And are you working in that field? I'm currently working as a care coordinator. I make about 54 KA year. Yeah, dude, you took out $230,000 for a MPH. I mean, what's the highest possible money you could make as a public health administrator? Probably like around 75 to 80 KA year.


Oh boy. Yeah. Are these private schools? Yeah. Yeah. But the student loans are with like the government. No, I know they are, but this is, this is a, are you a first gen college student? Yes. Yeah. So there's the man, it's such a brutal trap where parents are like, no, no, no, no, no, no. My kid's gonna go to this fancy school, Make me look good. And then they're gonna, yeah, they're gonna be the, they're Gonna carry it for the Yeah, that's what my dad said. 'cause I had realized that freshman year and I was saying, I don't know if that's a good idea. Yeah. But he seemed so excited about it that I got into a really like nice school and all The loans are in your name, right?


Half of it is in my name and the other half is in my mom's name. Parent Plus loan or what? Like is she liable or are you Yes, Parent. The parent plus loan. Yeah. But she's hitting you up for money to buy a house and so she is no, well not Money. She wants me to put my name down for us because I have pretty good credit. No, Gosh, they, Hey listen, they've help. I say this with all love to your family. They have given you such horrific financial advice up till now. You've gotta stop listening to them. Okay. Like you, you've carried your dream as far as you can carry it because now this is your nightmare. If you told me you owed 230 grand and you're, you were finishing up med school, you're finishing up nurse practitioner school, then I would be sad for you.


But man, there's a path. This is gonna be really tough. 'cause even tapping, I mean the highest possible paying job you could get as a public health official with a ma MPH Master's in Public Health. Yeah. It's 75 or 85 million. I have a master's in health administration, so I'm looking to go into like administration and hospital management. Yeah. But then the federal government just announced they're, they're hacking all the NIH jobs and that's gonna trickle down through administrative positions at hospitals. Okay. Yeah. I mean And You're living in New York City? Yes. How are you surviving? Making 50 grand with 230 in loans in New York City?


Well, I'm currently renting out a bedroom and paying a monthly rent. I think you need to move to a, a lower cost of living area. What's keeping you in New York City? My family. Yeah, but what are they doing? I mean, just to see them and hang out with them To be, because I also, I have a chronic illness, so I originally did wanna move out when I started college and go to a different state. But my mother didn't think that was a good idea 'cause she was worried that I So are they helping take care of you? Are you, are you working full time? No, I'm still, I'm taking care of myself pretty well now. I've taken care of my own stuff. I, all of my medical stuff, I make my own appointments go to them.


Okay, good. I'm pretty independent now. As, as If that's the case, then I would move. I'd find a job. If you could make 50 4K in Idaho, you're gonna have a better shot at paying off these student loans in your lifetime. But New York City's not the place. Here's the thing. You, you have run up against a hard truth and this hard truth is math. And I know you wanna honor your mom and dad by doing whatever they say and carry their dreams forward. I get that. And I know that's a hard thing that George and I are asking you to do. And I know you wanna stay in New York City and I know that you wanna make sure that you don't make your mom stressed out with her worrying and all this stuff.


You have a math problem, a very serious math problem. And that is you owe the United States government $230,000 and you make 50 a year. It's just a math problem and it's catastrophic. It's really tough. Yeah. And so you're gonna have to get serious about where can I live, where my cost of living is as low as humanly possible and what job can I get? Can I find a rural hospital that will pay me a hundred grand to be an administrator at a small hospital so that I can get to paying this stuff off? I mean, you're gonna have to think very radically. And you might tell your parents, I'll be back in five years when these loans are gone and God help you if you sign for a, if you sign for a mortgage or something like that.


I mean, you just, you can't, you can't afford that. You know what I mean? Have you started having to make payments yet For the student loan? Yes. I started making payments. I was on the safe program. But seems like they're changing that. Yeah, they're changing every program. And we've been, and not to, you don't, you don't know this, but we've been telling people for years, don't count on the federal government coming to your rescue on these loans. 'cause you never know what an administration's gonna do. And then here we go. We got a new administration that's cutting everything. And so Yeah man. Geez. I'm sorry, What, what is your take home pay every month? About 2,800 to $3,000.


And what's your student loan payment every month? I was paying about like a hundred a month on it, but then I had stopped. You Know what that's gonna do? Right? Your 230 grand is gonna turn into 300 grand 'cause the interest still keeps cooking. The interest is higher than what you're able to pay. The interest they had, they put it, I forgot the the term they had put it on like something they said like forbearance, you didn't have to pay at the moment. 'cause I guess they were figuring out everything as things were changing. Well You gotta find out what's actually going on there because the interest can still be growing even though say, Hey, you don't need to pay, don't worry about it. And the interest keeps growing while you sit there. And so that's the math for, for you to solve is I need to make the most money with the lowest living expenses possible.


'cause otherwise, even if you're able to pay a thousand bucks a month toward your debt, which I don't know that you could even do, it would take you 20 years to pay off this debt. And that's if the balance didn't grow by a cent. Okay. And so you're gonna have to debt snowball this thing, but I don't want it to take 20 years. I think Lexi has a lot of life to Live. That's what I've been doing. I with the credit cards, I've paid one off already. How many more do you have? I just have one credit card left and there's 1,400. Okay. Left to pay on it. And then what's your next smallest balance if you split up all the loans? No, that's it. And then the next thing I would have to tackle is just paying off the student loans. That's the only credit card I have left.


I don't have any, Yeah. What's the, what's the smallest loan balance you have out of all the loans? I'm guessing there's split up amongst many loans. Oh no, I consolidated them. Oh no. Oh, okay. Because I had talked with another financial advisor when I was that I think you need to stop talking to people. Yeah. Stop talking to people. Stop talking to people. And she had said it would be best to consolidate it all together instead of paying a bunch of Different loans. Yeah. You got bad advice. I'm sorry. When two knuckleheads on a podcast that you don't even know are the only one speaking truth to you, I'm sorry, I hate this for you. You're gonna have to go find some more jobs and you're gonna have to get radical about it and you're gonna have to work multiple jobs and there's, I mean, there's only one way to do this.


You can't cut anything from your life. You're gonna have to just make more money. And if the debt's not in your name, I would not be worried about it right now. If it's in mom's name, worry about that later. Focus on the ones that are in Your name. Unless you consolidated it all together. It sounds like that could have happened. Oh, hang on the line, Lexie. I'm gonna send you a copy of my book, breaking Free from Broke. I hope it gives you some encouragement along what might be a long journey. Parents Is The Ramsey Show. Stop asking your kids to mortgage your dreams.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys. I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's A gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


This is The Ramsey Show. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. I'm John Delony, joined by George Campbell.


Listen, Dave RAMSEY and I are going on the road and it is gonna be as though if my show and The Ramsey Show had a kid without an edit button. That's right. It's, it's gonna be amazing, dude. We're gonna be on stage together talking about money and relationships, everything from how to, what's going on with our kids these days and how to, how to race good kids, how to handle money the right way. How to deal with all the changes that are going economically in the 21st century with money, with family, with kids, with marriages, how to make friends. All of this, we're gonna be talking about everything. So we're gonna be in Louisville on April 21st. We're gonna be in Durham on April 23rd, Atlanta and the beautiful Fox Theater on April 25th, Phoenix, May 5th, Fort Worth, yeehaw. My Texas Brethren need to come out. It's gonna be a hot show. May 7th and Kansas City. We gotta right the wrongs that happened in Philadelphia a few months ago. And Dave and I are committed to doing that. We're gonna be in Kansas City on May 9th. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Or if you're checking this out on podcast or YouTube, you can click the link in the show notes. It's gonna be wheels off. I cannot wait. Pump For it.


Let's go to the phones. Jared joins us in Brunswick, Georgia. Up next, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Jared, How can we help? Hey y'all. Huge fan of the show. First off, just wanted to say that. Thanks man. I had a quick question. Yeah, of course. I had a quick question about a, a situation that I'm in with a car dealership. They sold me a vehicle that the state has now rejected the title on. And so they did a little bit of digging for me and they figured out that the guy who owned the truck before me, he did not put the right mileage down on or when he went to the DMV.


So the mileage didn't match up with what the state was seeing on their end. So they rejected the title. That is not your problem, that's the car dealership's problem. That that's what I, that's what I figured. And so my question today was, so they've kind of been trying to give me the run around and I've been calling 'em and I'm trying to, just wondering when, when I need to put my foot down and say like, All Right, well Yesterday. Yeah, yesterday. But today. Yesterday. Okay. So What you need to, you need to have the title cleared and so have you talked to the, you know, the DMV or the title office to understand what needs to be done to clear the title? Yes, sir. So they need a wet signature from the guy who owned the vehicle last.


And Toyota has told me they can't get in touch with him because he's military. Hold on. But this is Toyota's problem. I would get an attorney, I would, and I would walk, I would drive the car back to the dealership and say, you can gimme another car that's exactly the same as this one. You can refund my money or my attorney's gonna call you because you sold me a fraudulent car, period. That is their job. Awesome. To go get the title And they can get in touch with 'em. It's not gonna take a pigeon carrying a piece of mail to get in touch with this guy. That's right. They have all the information when they sell a car from this guy and they can get in touch with him and they need to, But it's their job to track him down, not yours. Okay, great. Well that answers my question then, because really I was just trying to figure out if I needed to get an attorney and get everything Yes.


Get everything straightened out. Yes. And I would go, I like to, I mean, before I'm gonna sue somebody I want to make sure I've given somebody an opportunity to do. Right. And so I would try, I would go back to the, the dealership. Was this a new car? Oh no, I'm sorry. It wasn't, it was a used car. Okay. My question is, can you go to the DMV and request a corrected title Not without his signature, is that right? Not, not without the wet signature. Got, so you need that lien release. Got, yeah, Yeah, that's right. Yes sir. Well, actually the dealership needs that. Yes, sir. That's right. They Essentially illegally sold you a car. That's right.


Okay. So that, that's good to know because that, that gives me a, if I'm in your shoes, like again, we're not lawyers, but I would contact one and go, Hey, we need to put some heat on this to get this done. 'cause right now you can't even drive the vehicle. That's right. Yes, sir. So are you, do you need to get to and from work? What's your situation right now? Well, I have a, I have a work truck that my company lets me drive, thankfully. Okay, Well I would take it, yes, sir. I would take it to the dealership today. And I would say, here's what's gonna happen. You are gonna gimme a new car right now, and y'all are gonna deal with this. You're gonna refund my entire purchase price, t title and license and everything. And we're gonna shake hands and pretend this didn't never happened, or I'm going to get my attorney and I'm gonna sue you for the cost of this car plus because you sold me an illegal car.


Okay. Okay. Can I follow up with, with another small question? Yeah, sure. So I know y'all are gonna, y'all are gonna kick me for this, but I did finance it. Of course you did. We we we're, we're we're done with those ways. We've been, I've been married for 10 months now and we're completely debt free and we, we decided to get serious. So thank you guys. Good. So it's paid off for motivation for stuff. Absolutely. Okay. Yes sir. So maybe this is, maybe this is your gift. They're, they're gonna, I guarantee you they're gonna, they're gonna figure out a way to get you another car and maybe they're gonna give you a 30 day loaner while they figure this out. Right. But you Know, the, the silver lining is you're not paying payments on a car that you can't drive.


That's right. That's right. A lender Doesn't give a wreck. Be able to drive it too. How old are you? Yes sir. I'm 26. Okay. This is, I'm saying this not as like looking down at you. I'm saying this as I've been in this, I've been in your seat before. Okay. This is one of those adult conversations. This is one of those like grown man conversations that you never thought you were gonna have. And here, here they are, right? Not by your hand, but in your lap, but some, somebody did you wrong. And so I'm going to, I'm gonna show up there and I'm gonna go get this thing taken care of. So well done man. Thanks luck. Call and I, I would definitely call a licensed attorney and have one in your pocket for, they're gonna give you the run around. They're gonna look at you and say, oh, he is 26 and we're gonna him haul and whatever.


Here's what's gonna happen today. I leave here with a new car, a fully refunded TTNL, and you keep the keys to this illegal car that you sold me or I'm gonna sue you. And I, I've gotta have a car to get to and from around my neighborhood. So there you go, Man. That Sucks. Sorry. That happened, man, that's a bummer dude. Let's head out to one of John Maloney's favorite places, Fort Worth, Texas. Allie joins us there. What's going on, Allie? Hey, how are you guys doing? Doing great. I have a question and I've got the perfect people for us. What is the long term effect of pausing retirement to pay off debt? You become debt free faster so everything in your life goes, gets better.


I know that's not what you're asking, but Yeah, So you're saying the the downside of, hey, I losing out on my 4% match I was getting for two years. What happens with that money? Right. And I mean, we're fairly young, so I'm 31 and my husband's 30, So we still have a long way to go before we even retire. How much debt do you Have? But I know that, So we have 20,000 in my car. We've got 32 in my husband's truck. I know they weren't the smartest purchases, but we're fixing it now. I do have 10,000 in student loans, but my grandmother is actually going to pay that off this week for me. So it was sweet. A huge gift. Yeah, I know.


I'm so grateful. What else I put in? Well, my mortgage as well. Okay, but you just have the, the car loan and the truck loan. Correct. So how about this? If we're gonna talk about, I don't wanna miss out on investing. Why don't you just sell the truck and the car today and invest the payment you were making So that, that is something we talked about when I looked at the different debt snowballs just to look at all of our options. We're newer to RAMSEY. Awesome. If we pause my retirement and my husband's retirement, that opens up another $1,000 in our debt snowball ding Dean, which is already at, which is already at 1550.


So really that debt snowball is 25 50. My car would be paid off November of 2025. The truck would be paid off by August of 2026. Worst case scenario. Okay, so we're not talking about a long time if you paused investing No, you're talking About at a little over a year. Correct. Okay. So you're talking about a, essentially your, your match, whatever you're investing now, that thousand bucks a month that you guys were investing. So 12 grand a year, essentially you'd miss out on 12 grand of compound growth in your accounts. But how much are you investing right now? What percentage of your income? So mine is about eight.


My husband's is about, it's either six or eight, I can't remember, but I'm not vested. I wouldn't be vested until after we paid off both of the cars anyway. Okay. My hus, my husband's vested up to about 4%. Here's, here's the good news, you guys are gonna double your investing rate. And so missing out on the thousand bucks a month is not gonna make a dent when you guys are doubling that for the rest of your life from 32 to 65. And if you wanna talk about what you're missing out on, you're paying off the next two years. Depreciating assets. That's what you're trading. Okay? And if I'm in your shoes, I just, if you wanna get to investing that bad, sell the car, sell the truck, buy something reasonable in cash.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All Right, so I was born and raised in Texas and I love the myth of the lone cowboy. You know, the guy who doesn't need anyone or anything. It's a fun story and it's a lie in our self-obsessed society. We're obsessed about our own diets, our own workout routines, our own jobs, our own social media feeds, everything. It's easy to forget that no one can do life alone. And I don't care if you're an introvert, an extrovert, or whatever you wanna call yourself. We all have to have a community and a support system to do life with. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all by ourselves to knowing that we can only be well and whole when we ask for help. Therapy can be a great source of help and support for any area of your life. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy so it can fit with your schedule To get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost this month. Start to build your support system with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Christina is up next in Raleigh, North Carolina. Christina, welcome to the show. How can we help? Hi, Dr. John And Mr. George, how are you guys today? So good. What's going on with you? Yes, to keep it quick, I am stuck in an auto loan that I'm trying to get rid of. I'm 25 years old, I really want to be debt free in the next couple of years, and I just don't know what to, to do. We'll get to the least. I I have no financial literacy, no financial strong background. I wasn't, I was silly for getting involved with this car now that I, I found you guys a few months ago and now I realize how silly I've been with my money and I just wanna be better. I, I really just wanna be better.


Hey Christina, can we tell you, George and I have both been there and we're so proud of you, dude, welcome to the cult And to learn this at 25 is such a gift, so don't feel like it's too late. You're right where you need to be. Awesome. Welcome to the gang dude And we'll, we'll help with it all. We'll help you with the financial literacy, we'll help you get out of this debt and you are the solution and the fact that you're calling tells me you know that now. So how much debt do you have? I have $88,102. I like the exact numbers here. Now you said you have an auto loan, how much is that out of the 88? So I actually have two auto loans. One was repossessed and that was 24,800.


I'm sorry, 24,800. Yes. And then the one that I currently have on my credit report, it says 24,102. But on the actual statement balance in my account, it says $22,142 that I still owe. Okay. I don't know the difference in that. Okay, so you have 20, almost 25 on 1, 22 on the other. That's 47. What's the other 41? So I have 37,809 on student loans and then collections 1,170 and then credit cards is 671.


Okay, we can do this. How much do you make Last year based off the taxes? I made 31,000. I do have another job and so I calculated that I make about 52,000 if I remain how I am this coming year. Okay. What's your degree in? I have an Associate's in Criminal Justice technology and I'm currently pursuing a bachelor's in forensic psychology and I'll graduate next spring. Whatcha gonna do with that job? So my main goal is to, my main goal is to be a youth advocate. So right now I just applied for a state position to be a juvenile officer slash counselor. Okay.


I'll come in making about 40 based off of my current experience in education when I graduate. That bumps me up the closer to the 50,000 range. But you're making more than that now? Yes, but I do have to cut back necessarily on the hours given that I do do work in my ministry. And so what I'm finding is that I'm a little too busy for God and I really want him to be my focus, but I also just wanna be debt free. So I don't know how the balance works with that. Well the balance is ministry is a luxury when you're broke. Yeah. Yeah. Or more importantly, ministry. You, you made a bunch of decisions for the last four or five years that are gonna prohibit you from doing what you want to do or really feel called to do if, if you don't owe anybody anything and you wanna go live a life of poverty in order to serve the least of these, I'm all about that all day, every day.


But you made decisions beforehand now, and you've set yourself up to where you don't get to decide what you do next. You don't get to decide to follow God's call. You gotta pay the bankers back. You get what I'm saying? Yes Sir. And so it's a bummer and I'm heartbroken for you and I've met students like you who are so, their hearts are bigger than the state of Texas and we need more people like you. And that's why I really want you to buckle down for the next two years and get all this madness outta your life so you can go do what I think you're called to do, which is just sit with hurting people and help them improve their life, right? Yes Sir. All Right. Are you in? Yes, Sir. All Right. 'cause here's what's gonna happen. You're gonna get this forensic psychology degree and in your last semester, everybody around you is gonna start talking about going to grad school and then you're gonna have a teacher who brings you in.


They're like, Hey, we see something special in you. We want you to go to grad school and it's only $85,000 to get a master's in social work. And You'll make a bajillion dollars more. Yeah. And you lie, you'll make 60,000 in. Right. And so you're gonna have to hold the line for the next two years. Okay? Yes Sir. Are you in? Yes sir. Okay. All Right. All Right. Awesome. Now the main thing we need to get out of is this car. You said you're stuck in it. What does that mean? Why can't you sell it? Okay, so I've been listening to you guys for a few months. So I tried to do the steps like Googling, like Kelly Blue book. And so my car is worth 8,400. And when I called my bank, so I just got my tax refund and I used a lump sum of that to catch up on my payments.


And when I looked at my statement, I noticed that the money didn't move. So I called them personally and they said, well, every day that you're late is interest added. And my interest is already 23%. Oh. And yeah. So what Was the original loan you took out for this car? It was originally, I believe the 24 or 24,000. Okay. And you're telling me the car is only worth $8,000 now? Yes sir. And I Did everything. Why is that private party now? No, 'cause You had a repo on there and so you had to go to a, you had to go to a shark to get get get a new car. Yeah. Did you Roll a bunch of negative equity into this? Well, my, the repo, I didn't have anything. I kind of just went in and my brother helped me co-sign and we just got that card straight out from the beginning.


So the repossession had nothing to do with this car per se. I mean, it hurt my credit, hence me, my brother. But Yeah. But why would a card depreciate that much in value in that short of a time? I don't understand how it's only worth eight grand. I have no idea I did ever. I put in my VIN number direct so that way they can go pull up the whole entire history. And you did private party value not trade in? Yes sir. Did you Go to a local Toyota dealership or did you go to like Bob's auto lot Like tow the note No credit needed? Yes. Oh no, it wasn't a buy here pay here kind of situation. It was, it was like a regular car dealership. But they help people that aren't like financially there don't, so it wasn't name Brand.


Yeah, they don't, they don't help you. They prey On you, you gigantic quotes around help. Yeah, They, they sold you a car for three times what it was worth. Yeah. And they prey on people who are desperate for a vehicle. Yeah. Ugh, I'm sorry they did that to you. It's wrong and it's unethical and I hate that for you and your name's on the note. Yeah. And then you still owe the 25 grand on the repo with no asset to show for it. Yeah. Yes sir. And I tried to contact the company, but they continue to send me to another line that just cuts out. And so I tried to talk to management and all that, but they, no one gimme direct answer of how I can start doing monthly pay so I can get that down or get that out.


So I don't even know how to do, have you been Sued yet for it? No, sir. I did get a letter in the mail saying that they did sell it. Okay. And that, What's the difference you owe? I think it was still like 20 because it was a total vehicle that they were repossessed. So it wasn't that much of a difference. But my credit report still shows a full 24 loan. Well what what happens usually is they repo your car and let's say it's worth 20 and they, they'll go sell it for 10 and you're responsible for that gap. That's why I'm confused why the, this amount is so high. If they had sold the car, the only way It's if you bought a $50,000 car and they sold it for 25 at auction just to get it, get it off their hands, you'd owe the difference.


You'd know the difference. So you need to do some homework and find out what that car actually sold for and verify this. Otherwise you can dispute it and get it off your credit report. Yeah. Until somebody will be honest with you, I would dispute it. You can send a letter to your credit report saying I'm disputing this charge because it's not factual And they'll have to prove the Debt. Yeah. They've gotta prove, they've gotta show a bill of sale for what they sold that car for. And then you're responsible for the difference. Yes Sir. Okay, but let's pretend in this scenario you owe all the money, all 88 is owed. There's no way to get out of this. You're gonna need to go increase your income by about double because here's the deal. I want you debt free in two years. Would you agree? Yes sir. That's my plan too.


That means you need to throw 44,000 to this debt every single year. Okay. That looks like close to four grand a month. You need to be throwing at this debt. You're not even making four grand a month right now. Do you see the math, the gap in the math? Yes sir. So we need to get your expenses as down as low as possible to where you're just able to survive. But we're not doing anything else. I don't care if you have three roommates and four jobs. I would rather see you debt free in two years than hang on to this debt for the next decade. And so it's gonna be a lot of hard work. Christina. I hope the financial literacy helps. I'm gonna send you my book, breaking Free from Broke. It's gonna come with three months of EveryDollar premium to help you with budgeting and making EveryDollar count. And that's what you need to do for the next two, three years while you fight these debts.


We're also gonna send you Financial Peace University. So give you a step-by-step plan that will help you out as well. We're on your team. You call us anytime. Welcome to the gang. We're gonna get you cleared up. Okay. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Thank you to all the folks in the booth to my co-host, Dr. John Delony and you America. We'll be back before you know it.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And That's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. I love these reports so far. Get this, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. It's amazing. So again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys


From the Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by number one bestselling author, Dr. John Delony. And we're taking your calls at 8 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Marlis is in Seattle, Washington to kick us off this hour. What's going on Marli? Hi there. Well, I've got a bit of a, it's a bit of a financial and a bit of a personal question. My husband and I entered into our marriage in 2017 and each came into our marriage with separate assets and I had a greater net worth than he did. And we did sign a prenup that said that our separate assets would remain separate after our marriage.


We moved into my home, which I again own separately and it's been our primary residence since and it has greatly increased in value. And he's recently requested an amendment to our prenup that gives him an equitable stake in my home, which is at this time my greatest asset and has without, you know, splitting hairs, basically said that he is not gonna contribute to housing costs anymore cost of living here as long as I'm not contributing any portion of the equity over to him. And so I am kind of at a loss as, as what to do financially, as I still have the greater net worth.


And I don't know what other married persons do in this kind of situation where he is not, I don't feel that he is completely out of line since we are married and we do reside here, but we had an agreement and now he's feeling differently about it. So He's, he's doing a grown up temper tantrum. He's doing an absolute grown up temper tant. He's being a, he's being a child. I'm gonna take my ball and go home if you don't do what I say. Yeah. That's not how marriages work. Yeah. Marriages celebrate each other when, when, when two people are let, let's take the home equity off the table.


When I'm, I, I'm a writer part of my job at Ramsey's of writing, my wife also writes, she writes historical fiction. It's, it's never gonna sell. There's not a market that would be the same as one of a book on anxiety. Right. When my book does really well, she cheers for her husband and in her world, her book did pretty good. It did really good. And I celebrated her. I didn't demand, Hey, by the way, you sold more than we thought. So you owe me a p That's not how that works. This, I, I can't imagine this happening. There's not other things going on in your marriage.


There's truly not. It really boils down to just this one financial issue. We have three kids together other than this, we're mostly happily married other than, you know, trivial things here and there. When, when this got brought up, I was a bit blindsided by it to be honest. You know. Do you Have a mortgage contributes? I do. Yeah's A mortgage. How do you guys cover the mortgage? The mortgage is 41 50 a month and he contributes 1600 of that. So I still pay the greater share. But he has no stake in this house? He doesn't, no. It's just was more when we, when we initially moved in together, he was paying X amount in rent somewhere else.


Right. And we decided to cohabitate shortly before our marriage. And he brought that money that he was paying in rent over as a contribution to this house. But essentially he's renting a house from his wife. Yeah. So I, I'm trying to play devil's advocate to see his side and I'm going, yeah, I think I'd be a little bit ticked if I was paying my wife rent. But I have no stake in the equity of this house. It's not in my name. It's not part of my wealth building journey. I want to go buy my own house and build some wealth. Then do you see, do you see his side? Well He, I do. I do. And that's, that's actually the exact phrasing that he uses. And I do, I do see that. But I also see it as no matter where you live, you're gonna pay for housing unless you own it free and clear.


You are gonna, you're gonna pay for housing no matter where you live. But, so I do understand that. But he does own his separate real estate. So he brought a piece of property And he's renting it out. The marriage he owns separately, he's renting it out. In addition, I assisted him in buying a property in 2021. So it's an additional investment property. What do you mean? His husband? I'm, I used my income and credit to help bolster the deal if he tried to buy it by himself when y already had the other Property. Oh, okay. So what's so's the split on that one Purchase it. I get none of it. It's against my credit, but I don't get any of it.


And it's a net positive property. You guys have created a real complicated financial situation. Yeah. So y'all came in and y'all said, Hey, have both of y'all been through divorces where y'all got burned? I have not been married, but I ha and I haven't been burned. Okay. But I've been through some, a difficult separation where someone tried to again, take advantage of me financially just 'cause we were together for so long. But, okay, so here's the deal. Y'all signed a prenup that says, Hey, what I'm coming into this marriage with, I'm gonna keep what you're coming into this marriage you're gonna keep. Okay. Right. And it specifically stated, it didn't stop us from ever having joint property together in the future.


Just what Mine is. Mine entering with his, it's his. Yeah. But You don't own the house free and clear. And so therefore, I would say in that prenup, here's the equity that I came in with. Now every equity dollar that we build together, you're gonna have a stake in. That would be more fair to him, don't you think? I think that's a great suggestion. So I think There's a compromise here. Exactly what I was hoping from in this call. Yeah. Well, Let, let, I wanna go one step deeper though. I'm telling you right now, as somebody who works with married couples, your language is unnerving to me. And here's why y'all are not building a thing together. You're, you're talking as business partners.


In fact, you're not even talking as business partners do because business partners even talk about ours. You're talking about my income and his income and his House and my House. My house and his house. And he pays for my house. That kinda language. I'm gonna revise what I said. I don't think he's being a child. I think he's realizing how completely exposed he is. And like George said, he's paying rent to his wife. He's, he's, y'all need to share a single checking account and y'all pay for the mortgage every month and Yeah. Yeah. We don't, we file taxes separately. We, he has a business, he files that separately. I don't see anything with it. We have separate checking accounts.


Everything is separate. Why did you guys get married? It seems like you wanna keep your life separate. No, no. We're, we're great friends. We enjoy doing everything together. We enjoy our family together. Our often together, we enjoy each other. But financially, I think it, and it may have been more me, because I have had someone try to take advantage of me financially, but I really try to protect my finances. And so he, I think he's calling that out. The, the data tells me that couples that share a checking account build wealth, greater wealth over time period. It also shows that couples that share a checking account, quote unquote, may be more exposed.


But that's marriage. It's both of us with both feet in the same boat. And the re the reality is when you marry somebody, they can hurt you and they choose every day to love you. And that's the way this thing works. And so, yeah, if, if there's great wealth inequality when someone's getting married, then I, I'm okay with a prenup. And I've even, I've even come around to with some different ideas on a prenup. That's for a whole nother call. But I'm telling you right now, you guys have got to begin to be on the same page and sharing money and, and filing jointly together. Otherwise, you're just great business partners who share a house.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite, and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book, build A Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business as hard, that's why I wrote this book, to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store pre-order today,


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George joined by Dr. John. The number to call is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Eric is in Atlanta, Georgia. Coming up next. What's going on Eric? How you guys doing today? Doing great. How can we help? Okay, so my daughter pur purchased a home probably last year with the understanding that in three years she would leave the house to me and her mom. Once she's got a new, new position on her job. Well, it, it come up a little, little sooner than we thought.


So she's wanting to leave the house to meet me and, and her mom, but we can't afford the afford the mortgage. So she was wanting to put 50 to $70,000 down on the house and get the mortgage lower So we could afford it. But she was told since she has a FHA loan, that she could not put that much down and get the payments lower. So her next option would be to sell the home and to give us the 50 to 70,000 to put down on us a home. But our credit is not up to par yet.


So what do you suggest? It sounds like you guys can't afford to live there. Why doesn't you just sell it and you guys go live somewhere you can afford? That's what we was thinking. Yeah. I, I don't see, it Sounds like this deal sounded nice and now reality has hit and the math is she's gonna gift you $70,000 to prop up your life in this house. Yes. But what, why would she just gift you $70,000? Just out of generosity? Yes. Yes. Is she unbelievably wealthy? She makes pretty good money. She's not there where she want to be yet, but she, she makes pretty good Money.


But where is she gonna go? She was going, she's moving, moving, moving out of state and she was going rent an apartment. But doesn't that cripple her ability to buy a house in the future if she gives up $70,000, that would've been a down payment. Yes. I just, yeah. I don't see a world where this works out or she's not resentful or doesn't hurt her financial future. I would rather you guys live where you can afford to live. What is your rent right now? The mortgage is like 27. 2,700 Where you're at right now? Yes.


Okay. And what's her mortgage? Well, no, we all stand up together. Oh, you live there. She was gonna leave. Yes. Yes. Oh, okay. We all live together. So if she sells, you gotta move out and live somewhere. Right? What's your household income? We probably make 68,000. Okay. So could you find a place to live that's let's say 1500 a month? Yeah, we could. I mean, it'd be a stretch, but Yeah, I think we could. I'll tell you what's a stretch. Becoming a homeowner when you're broke and can't afford the property taxes, the insurance, the maintenance, the rising cost of all of that over time, plus the mortgage.


That's tough. Right? That's what we was thinking as well. I, 'cause here's the thing, Eric, I don't want you calling back a year from now and you go, man, we can't afford this house. We got into it with my daughter trying to front some money to get the mortgage lower, but it's just too expensive for us and now we're stuck with it. What do we do? That's the future, Right? Do you guys have any money right now saved up? No, we don't. Do you have any debt? We have probably 15,000 in debt. Okay. Credit cards and a a car. I would focus on getting a financial foundation for yourselves by getting rid of the debt, getting a fully funded emergency fund in place of three to six months of expenses and then begin saving up a down payment to where you can do this on your own independently instead of relying on on your daughter to help fund this while you guys are still in, in a bad financial situation.


Right. So I think we have a, have to have a hard conversation that this dream is no longer a reality and that she needs to just go ahead and sell the house, take whatever profit she gets and roll that into a future house. Okay. That's what we were thinking as well. I'm sorry. I know it's not the news you wanted to hear, but it's, it's what I would do if you were, if you were my dad, I'd have this hard conversation with you and say, dad, as much as I want you to be able to stay here, it's gonna be too expensive for you guys to afford. And I don't wanna put you guys in a financial bind and these kind of weird handcuffs. Right. Who was wanting this all to happen? Was it more on your daughter's side or was this your idea? It was her, her idea.


We, we had our own own spot. Well, we had a town home. We lived in the house and she was begging us to move in with her. She didn't, she didn't wanna stay there by, by herself and she was gonna leave the house to her. So we, we didn't, we, we thought long and hard about it, then we just went ahead and did it. Guess I was better, better, better judgment. But yeah, that's where we at. Now If you wanted to keep it, the only way to do it would be like an assumption loan or a refinance. But my guess is they're gonna say, Hey, we can't grant you this. And even if they did, the bank will grant you way more than you can actually afford. They don't care.


Right. And so I think right now the best thing to do is just to go find somewhere you can rent affordably, get rid of the debt, get the emergency fund, and maybe a few years from now we can revisit you guys buying your own place. Okay Man, I hope that helps. That's, That's what used, Thank you. That's a tough situation. Eric Sydney is up next joining us in Portland, Oregon. How can we help Sydney? Hi. I had a question regarding insurance. So my husband and I, we canceled our IUL plans and we are applying to get term life insurance. Good. But we're wondering if you folks have or like recommend some type of insurance that covers like if we get sick and we're unable to work or is that what disability is through our employer?


Yeah, there's a few things. I mean, health insurance would, would cover you if you get sick. But if you're talking about replacing income, you'd wanna look into long-term disability insurance. Okay. That's what we would recommend. And usually you can get it through your employer. That's, you know, John and I have that through RAMSEY. It's very affordable through an employer because of the group plans. But you can get it on your own. It'll likely be roughly one to 3% of your annual salary and that will cover about 60 to 70% of your income. Okay. And then for short term things, just an emergency fund would do the trick. Three to six months of expenses saved up would cover you for the short term. And so you don't need to buy short term disability insurance, just get the emergency fund in place.


Do you guys have that right now or are you still in getting outta debt? We're Still in baby step. Yeah. We're still trying to get out debt. Okay. How much longer to go? We got a waste to go. Oh boy. Is this like a five year, is it 10 years? Two years? Well we have about $200,000 in debt, So we are hard Tea. We're making our way. Yeah. What's your household income? We make 1 75 a year. Good, good, good. Okay. Yeah. I would focus on, yeah, we're All, we're new to this, so we're, you know. Yeah, No, that's great. You're asking really good questions and I'm glad you got rid of that index. Universal life policy.


It's one of the worst, most expensive products money can buy. And as you probably learned, it combines two things that should never be combined. Insurance and investing. Who sold it to you? Who hates you that much that they would sell you that policy? An old college friend Family. Oh No, of course, Of course. Two. Brute. Oh, that is awful, Man. How much were you paying for it? So my policy, it was around 400 and then my husband was around 300. You guys were paying 700 bucks a month for the pleasure. Yeah. What was the payout?


At the very, very end when they give you part of your own money back. Oh, I couldn't tell you. I know like if like the death or the death benefit or whatever was like a million dollars from mine and then 500. But what was the cash value? Like when you surrendered the policy, what do you end up getting back? Oh, I couldn't tell you that. I Don't know. Pennies probably. It sounds like you haven't had it very long. Hopefully We've had it for two years now. Okay. Just enough to be angry. But It was kind of something that just like is in the background, you know, like we just pay it every month and you know, we just don't worry about It. That's how the insurance sales people like it. Yes. Okay. Well I'm glad you guys are getting term life, Like trying to get rid of it.


Yeah. You're, I'm have you got term life in place yet? No, but I know to go through Xandr, That's the one insurances xandr.com, they'll get you hooked up. John and I have our policies through Xandr. You're gonna be paying a fraction of the price and with the money you're saving the difference in premium, you can go get outta debt and be free and one day use that money to invest. This is The Ramsey Show. We get tons of calls from listeners like you who ask really good questions about real estate. So we built a single place on our website where you can find all the answers anytime. We call it our real estate home base. Everything you need to prepare to buy or sell a home with confidence.


So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, visit our real estate home base at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate day. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel here with Dr. John Delony. The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by why refi? With why refi? You can take control of your defaulted private student loans with a plan that works with your monthly budget visit. Why refi.com/ RAMSEY to learn more? That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states. Ooh, this is a good one for you, George. Today's question comes from Matthew in Rhode Island.


All Right, so cash is king, but in a digital world where paychecks are direct deposit and bills are paid online, how would you set up your accounts to utilize the envelope system? When our budget was cash based 20 years ago, it was much less stressful. Now banking is digital and I struggle to set up my accounts. I have a savings account, a checking account. We deposit everything into a checking account where we transfer grocery and gas expenses to be paid from. Oh, here we go. Yeah, he is making it super complicated. Oh my goodness. And another account that everything left over from my first two checking accounts is transferred to, and all remaining bills are paid out of it. I feel like I'm overcomplicating the process. Matthew, my brother That's Understating it. I'm gonna turn this over to, to George, but I have been there, I used to have a checking account for almost every bill, like this is my electric bill account.


And, and dude, I it was chaos. Yeah, that is wild chaos. So the envelope system is great for your bills that are more variable and in your control. So things like groceries where you're like, I don't wanna overspend, I can cash this out, but you know, these days I do more digital style. So I have my EveryDollar budget, which I don't know, there was, there was no, it says when our budget was cash based, but you're not mentioning anything about your budget now. So here's what I'll tell you what my wife and I do. Maybe this will will help simplify it for you. We have one joint checking account. Me too. That's Where everything, that's all of our spending money for the month. Every bill gets paid and we have one high yield savings account.


Me too. That's where we have the emergency fund. And if you wanna have another savings account for a short term goal like vacation fund, you can set up another savings account for that auto transfer, some money there. I would not have five checking accounts, moving money around, like some kind of weird shell game. And so how do you do the envelope system in that way? Well use cash where you can and where you can't check the budget. And so before you make the purchase go, how much do we actually have left according to transactions that really happened in our EveryDollar budget. And if you have EveryDollar premium, this is easy 'cause we track, you know, you track the transactions, but the bank statement will show up right there of what that transaction was. You drag it over and either if you spend it, you get a notification on your phone.


Yes. It'll tell you, Hey, somebody just bought something at Costco, somebody just bought something at the hardware store or whatever. And it keeps everybody on the same Page. So the solution is track your transactions daily. Just once in, you know, before you go to bed, pull up the phone and see what transactions showed up from EveryDollar and track it to the right category. And you'll know, hey, we have a little money left. And with EveryDollar there's a cool paycheck planning tool. So you can basically digitally fund your grocery bill. Let's say you have, let's, let's do easy math. $500 a month for groceries. So EveryDollar can fund 125 bucks per week in that line item. So you know, I have 125 bucks for groceries this week. When the next week happens, it's gonna fund another 125 in your budget so that you know how much you have left to spend that week.


So that's a way that's been really helpful to me to set up my budget. I have my sinking funds in the budget, I mark them as sinking funds. So I know I'm saving up for that long-term purchase, whether it's insurance, a vacation, whatever it is. So EveryDollar I think is the key to your problems and where you can use cash and utilize that envelope system method more physically, that's the way to do it. 'cause you're gonna feel more pain and more friction with those purchases. And so Matthew, I hope you, you see this, if you do, reach out to me and I'll hook you up with EveryDollar on me and see if that helps with your situation. But I love the intentionality. Just took it a little overboard. Yeah, well, I mean, and this, this was me, I was trying to protect myself from myself. So it's like, All Right, this is gonna be my grocery debit card and when it's gone, it's gone.


And this is gonna be my whatever, bills paying debit card and it, but I just made it so complicated. That's yeah, every dollar's Cool. 'cause it's almost like a digital envelope. And I, I do think the paycheck planning tool will help him. 'cause it sounds like he's trying to make sure that the bills are covered and that we don't run outta money. And so another factor that could help is having more buffer in the account. And the ultimate goal, if you can get to where all of your monthly bills are in the account, let's say your monthly bills are $5,000 on, you know, March 1st. If you can have a 5,000 bucks sitting in that checking account, that really helps. And then whatever amount is over that come next month, you can sweep the rest into savings and leave that five grand for The next and then go again. That's right. That's The simplest, most freeing way. I know that takes a while for people to get to, but having a buffer will definitely help you.


Great question. Brittany joins us up next in Wisconsin. What's going on, Brittany? Hi John and George, it's crazy. It's so surreal to be talking to you right now. Understand why this is real. Why everyone says they're so nervous. I feel it now. I get nervous just sitting next to John, so I get it. Yeah, George is smarter than me, so I feel nervous too. So we're all nervous together. Okay, so my question is, will a basic will through Mama Bear legal forms protect our children's custody and inheritance? And the reason why I ask this is because we would like separate people for custody and handling their inheritance.


When you say custody, do you, are you in a blended marriage? No. No. Okay. So tell me what you mean by custody. You mean like who would, who would get your kids in the event that you and your partner died? Yes, Correct. Oh, okay. That's the same. That's the will I used. So I had a really extensive over the top estate plan when I was in Texas. When I moved to to Tennessee, the attorney who wrote that for me was a colleague of mine at the law school. And he said, Hey, by the way, this is only good in Texas, so you gotta get a new will. And so right when I got to Nashville, that's the first thing I did. I didn't even work at RAMSEY yet, and I went to Mama Bear wills just in case my wife and I died in a car wreck going to dinner.


My two kids are sitting here in Nashville and they don't know anybody. That was the first thing I did. And since then I've gotten, I went and sat down with another attorney and, and had a more, a trust drawn up and all that kind of stuff. But yes, it will be a, it would, it would take care of you. Yes, there's a, i I don't know that we can fully answer it on in a five minute call, but the will will allow you to name a guardian for your children. But a, a court will still have to approve that guardian based on the children's best interest. And so there could be more to it there where you want to look into something, you definitely need a will, but you might want something beyond that. And again, the will will direct where your assets go, but it won't control how and when they're distributed.


So if you're looking for something a lot more nuanced, then you could look into a trust later on where you set that up and you can lay out exactly what happens and when it happens versus a will just saying, here's who gets what, here's who will take care of the kids. And so I think a a will is a great start and you can talk to, you know, an estate attorney and go, Hey, here's my situation. Does this require a trust? But mama bear is, that's all I have right now. I just have a, a simple will through mama bear legal forms. I have a mirrored will. So my wife's will we just swap all of the names. And that's as simple as it gets. And most people just need a basic will. But I don't wanna assume based, I don't know all the intricacies of your inheritance and custody.


It sounds complicated. Yeah, I think you're using the word custody, which is, which I consider a legal term. I think you're considering that with guardianship. Like who, where are my kids gonna go live? Right, Exactly. Yeah. Oh, Okay. Yeah, no, that's simple enough then. And then again, inheritance is just, well, here's who gets what. Yeah. And so I think a simple will is all you need based on what you've told us so far. And Mama Bear will walk you through all of that. And you, if you feel like, man, I just, I need some more, I need to get another opinion. You can look into a trust and work with an attorney at that level. But it sounds like you're on the right track. I'm glad you're looking into this. How old are you guys? We're 27 and 29.


Okay, let's, let's do this. Crushing today or tomorrow. Will you commit in front of America to do that? To do what? To Get your will to get online with Mom Bear, get a will. Oh yeah, for sure. I was already on the website shopping around, seeing what my options were. Awesome, awesome. And by the way, you may have somebody in your life, the person who will do the asset distribution to make sure my guitars go where I want them to go and to make sure my retirement gets signed over in the right. I've got a, a very, like a 30 year friendship with a guy and he's one of my best friends on the planet. He's the executor there. My wife is the one who will make the, like the medical power of attorney calls.


And I want my wife, if, if I were to die, I want my wife to have the, the privilege of being really sad and not having to get in and figure out all the nuances of a 401k transfer. Right? Yeah. So I actually have a different executor than I would, you can have an executor for one and somebody else gonna make life or death decisions for you. Like, so you can get in there and just, and whatever's gonna work for you and your family. And it's a good call out, George. Each person has to have their own will, right? Because get the, who knows what's gonna happen. Yeah. For couples is the option you want on the website. So go check it out for anyone


listening, if you don't have a will, let this be your wake up call. Go Get it done today. Get will a hundred percent chance you die. Go get A will mama bear. Legal forms.com is the place to go. It's the ones that we trust and recommend and use ourselves.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry in slow motion than file your taxes, but thankfully you don't have to dread filing when you've got Ramsey Smart Tax, it comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus, with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel here with Dr. John Delony. Hey, if you're a business owner or you know someone who is, or you wanna start a business, listen, running a business is hard. Some days the challenges pile up, the fear creeps in. It can be isolating, it can feel overwhelming. And that's why Dave RAMSEY wrote a new book. It rarely Happens. So this is a big moment. It's called Build a Business You love, where he unpacks how he took a business from a card table in his living room to a $250 million business. It's the proven system. This is the baby steps for business, as close as we're gonna get to it. And it's gonna walk you through the five stages of business, the six drivers that move you through the stages. And it's going to just kind of be a light bulb moment for a lot of people out there who are going, man, I feel stuck.


It shouldn't be this difficult. How do I break through? This book will show you how pre-order now, 29.99, you'll get over 350 bucks in bonus items, including the entree leadership hiring playbook, instantly early access to the ebook and the enhanced audiobook. Read by Dave RAMSEY himself. Pre-order today, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're watching on YouTube or podcast, click the link in the description. All Right, let's go out to Gail in Louisville, Kentucky. Up next. What's going on Gail? Hello. Hey, I, I could cry right now. Don't cry Or cry. I don't even give A bad answer Yet. It's fine.


Happy tears. Yeah, we may give you terrible advice then you can cry. That'll be fair. What's up? How can we love you? Oh My goodness. So long story short, try to make those as quick as possible and our time is limited. But having said that, I'm on my third marriage, been together or been married for almost 10 years. My husband's second marriage, we both got burned really bad financially really, really bad. Having said that, so when we got near, we had a financial conversation, what does your financial picture look like personally?


What does mine look like? We had that conversation, everything was great. You know, what are we gonna do? What does this look like? You know, as we're progressing in our relationship moving forward. Having said that, you know, we opened a joint checking account of course, and then he contributes money to it. I contribute money to it. You know, we pay all of our household expenses out of that. He has his personal accounts. And then I have my personal accounts. I'm following the baby steps. I've got 2000 in savings right now. My vehicle will be paid off this year. And then I am attacking some credit cards that I've got personally, which is great.


I feel really good about this. I've been putting in, I don't know, last two months, 70 to 80 hours a week to make sure I'm make enough money to take care of these things. So How can we help you s sounds like you're doing Well. Yeah, my question is, is that I have had, you know, my husband keeps and he makes probably 15, $20,000 more a year than I do and he's got a lot less bills and he's constantly screaming about money. Yeah. And I'm asking him, what is the problem? What is the problem?


I don't understand why you're so upset all the time about money. After we got married, I had LT issues. I'm a diabetic. My father died right before we got married and he had a bunch of insulin left over, which is the exact same insulin that I took. So I did have to buy insulin for a while. I didn't have in health insurance. So it cost me about $800 a month for insulin. Okay. Let, let me, lemme stop right here. This is your third marriage? This is his second. And yeah, I'm telling you right now 'cause I love you now 'cause I'm, I'm this, there's no judgment. This is me just pulling up a seat at, at the restaurant. Okay? Yeah.


You're on a trajectory that this is, you're gonna end this one and he's gonna end his second one. And here's why. You'all still have not come together. And you're giving your, the people who hurt you in the past, you're letting them still sit at y'all's dining room table when you eat dinner together every night because you have your money, your bills, your debt, your medical expenses. Lemme tell you right now, my wife, if she has an $800 a month medical situation, we have an $800 a month bill. Yeah. Because both feet are in the boat. Both of our feet are in the same boat.


My guess is your husband is walking around, he doesn't feel connected, he doesn't feel whole in his life and he's just trying to find something to be mad at and he's picking money. And so I love that y'all have that joint checking account. That's awesome. I want you to consider what George and I do, which is we only have one account. We don't have a joint checking account with our wives and then also side accounts where we like it all goes in the pot. And if, if, if We, if you got a problem, we got a problem, we Got a problem. Yeah. And right now he's just doing his thing. You're doing yours and you, you said you communicated about money. You can look at reality all day long, but no one is actually agreeing to change it.


Yeah. You gotta do the next right thing. Is he, is he refusing to do this or have y'all even not put that on the table? He told me. I'm sorry. No, you're okay. You're okay. He told me after we got married, because where I worked, I didn't have health insurance and I couldn't afford it at that time. I mean, it was outrageous. But anyway, and, and he told me, I said, thank you so much.


Thank you so much for everything you, And is he, is he not willing to pay? He wasn't willing to help you? Well, No, that's, that's the thing is, is is, you know, I, I just don't really know. Okay. But I said, thank you so much. Now I've got insurance and I won't have to pay $800,000 a month for in, for my insulin. Sure. Because now we've got insurance. And he said, well, listen, don't you go crazy going to the doctor because I can't afford that. Okay. And So listen, women Are elephants and we hold those things, you know?


I, I know, I know, I know. And that hurt And, and that hurt. But still, you know, it hurt terribly. And, and I said, well guess what? And I started crying. I said, you know what, you're not gonna have to pay for a dime. No. Yeah, I know that that two wrongs don't make a right on that deal. And he said something he probably shouldn't have said and or that I know he shouldn't have said. And that, that triggered stuff that you've heard from previous two marriages and any number of other years you've been on this planet. And you responded by saying, I'm gonna take my ball and I'm gonna go home then. Yeah. And now you got two people who are co-living in the same house and here's what I want for you and for him. I want y'all to be married, ride or die, both of us on the same rollercoaster ups and downs.


And when you got a problem, we got a problem. And when you got a bill, we got a bill. And here's the deal. The research tells me when you put both feet in the boat, both of you do that over time. Couples who are married, well their net worth collectively goes up exponentially like compound interest in a wild way. That's why those of us in our society who are, I mean, you go look at the richest of the rich, they keep getting married. Right? It's, it's to their best interest. And I know that's hard to do in the situation. So I think the best move is a hard, I always recommend people when they have a hard conversation, use an I statement like a couple of years ago when we first got married, I got my feelings hurt.


And I said, then you're never gonna help me again and I'm not gonna accept your help. And I was wrong and I'm sorry. Then hopefully he says, I shouldn't have said that too. Right? But we're gonna sit down and say, okay, we've, we've both are healing from our past and now let's both go all in. How bad is it for your financial situation? How bad is it for mine? I'm gonna send you Financial Peace University, the course, the digital course for free, the nine lessons. You and your husband can watch 'em together and y'all can decide, hey, let's get on the same page. I don't ever wanna see you, my husband, my one love that you all stressed about money all the time and hopefully he looks at you and says, I don't want you worrying about your health all the time and we're gonna be in this thing together.


Is this terrifying and scary? Yes. Can he look at you in the eye and say, I'm not doing any of this. Yes. And you're gonna have to deal with that reality, which is another layer here. But let's see what happens. If both of y'all say I'm all in, if you're all in game on, hang on the line, we'll get you hooked up with Financial Peace University as our gift. We're rooting for you. Call us anytime. Thanks for the call, Gail. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is Search Ramsey Network in the App Store, Google Play Store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing, badda b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.