
What up, what's going on America? This is The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by my great friend, number one bestselling author, Rachel Cruz. And we're talking about your wealth and we're talking about relationships, talking about work that you love. We're talking about everything. And today's a big day. It's the first day of a long weekend retreat here we have at Ramsey called Money and Marriage. And the studio, studio audience is awesome. What an awe. She is packed is awesome. Good to see everybody. So fun and I. Think we have a total of, is it 800 couples coming this weekend? I don't remember. There's a bajillion people here. Yeah. So it'll be, it's sold out a year ago and I'm excited about it. And you and I have been off the road for a while. Yes. Except doing private stuff. And so I'm, I'm excited to be back on stage and having a good time. It's gonna be so fun, dude.


I'm so, so excited. And okay, let's go out to Fayetteville, North Carolina and talk to Mara. Hey, what's up Mara? Hi. How we doing? How are you guys doing? We're doing great. We're running a scam. It's called a podcast YouTube show. It's amazing. You should get this job. It's awesome. What's up? I was calling to get some advice on my financial situation. So basically I, I'm gonna try to keep it short. I'm an over the road truck driver. I'm an owner operator. When I got into trucking as an owner, you know, back in like 21, everything was good as far as far as that was concerned. I was just living, just living and spending and not living on a budget and just the money was kind of just rolling in and everything was great.


and I thought I was doing good. And then things shifted. I got, I had to have like three surgeries in a little over a year. And that had me taking time off work and blowing through my savings. And when I, I, I did the, the very, what I'm finding is a very popular thing of thinking, oh, if I pay off all my credit cards in, in the same month, that's a good thing. So that quickly went into me not being able to pay off the balances and, you know, accumulating more credit card debt and things like that. So anyway, so the, I got into a really tough spot. I used to work at a bankruptcy law firm and I reached out to the girls that I know that still work there.


And they were telling me that yes, they looked at my situation, they were like, yeah, you can absolutely file, but they're, they're requiring, I guess a trustee is requiring that anybody with a, with a car note over, I think he said six or $700, they were gonna require you to surrender your car. They wouldn't let you keep it if you had, if it's higher than that number. So hold on. Why are you thinking about declaring bankruptcy? How bad is it? Well, because I was overwhelmed and I thought I couldn't get out of this hole. But that's, that's the funny, well, it's not funny, but that's the thing. You guys just started showing up on my Facebook feed. I never even searched you, but somehow here you guys come, we're Cult a cult dude.


We'll find you. We'll find you. Or Jesus will or Jesus will. Yeah. We'll we've got Kool-Aid that we pass out through the internet. Tamara, real quick. So We Can help you 'cause we've got a few minutes. Okay. What, what? Give me, gimme a list of your debts. 'cause now you're, you're thinking, oh gosh, the only way I can get out this is bankruptcy. But now you're thinking maybe you can do it. I'm run it down. Okay. Go. Medical bills like 50 grand. Okay. Credit card, 15,000. Okay. No mortgage. And, and then the car I owe like 36 on the car. Okay. And that's it. That's my debt. And then my, and because I've seen the show, my like, take home income is like 60,000.


Okay. And trucking slowed way, way, way down. Right? Very, very much. Okay. Yes. and I, I, yeah, I made the mistake of living how, like, adjusting my life for how it was then instead of thinking how it could go, It's all good. We're gonna, you, you found us on the internet and we're gonna change it. Right. Do you, do you, so you have no savings, you blew through your savings just to keep in me, is that right? Pretty much, yeah. Okay. Are you behind on anything right now? Yeah, like I, I had got to a place where I just stopped. I, I was like, I'm gonna just file bankruptcy. Okay. How so? As gone into collections, the credit cards. Some of them, yeah. So, okay.


How many credit cards is the 15,000? Let's just say maybe eight. Okay. And some of them have gone into collections. Not all. How's your, how's the medical debt? What's, what's the status on that? That's, they had me like on a payment arrangement. Okay. So it's like, Are you current on that or are you behind on that one? No, I'm current on the medical bill. Okay. Okay. And then last question for your car you owe 36, do you know how much it's worth? Have you cut Kelly Blue booked it? Yeah, my Kelly Blue book said it's between 25 and 29. Okay. Just depending on how, how you sell it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Alright. Perfect. Okay. So, I mean, I would, first thing is get rid of the car.


It's too much car for your income and so you can't, yeah. You can't afford this car bankruptcy. I would not, I would take off the table for sure, ma you don't, not even Close. So I would, you'll probably have to take a loan for the difference and add a, add a couple thousand more on that loan. So you can get just a beater car for like five grand, four grand to get you around. And that'll help and do a private sale. 'cause hopefully maybe you can even get 30 out of it. Right. So maybe you're looking at like a 10 grand car note or 10 grand loan versus a 36. And in these credit cards, I would call each of the collection the ones that are in collections. and I would talk to them and be, and be honest with about your situation. Just say, Hey, I don't have a ton, but I'm working extra.


I'm trying to get X amount. And as you do your own math about, you're probably get an extra, you're gonna get an extra job to help get some of this cleared up. Tell them like, Hey, I think I can get you, you know, if one of the cards has three grand on it, just say I can get you $1,728 by this date. Like, try to get like a very specific number to them. 'cause I mean, some of them will settle for, you know, pennies on the dollar, some of these and get that in writing. But I would work that credit, I would work that 15,000 down if you can just through negotiations, get rid of the car. And then that 50 grand that's left, that's gonna be the mountain to climb. But I would stay current on it. But again, you're making 60 right now. and I, I mean, I would try to, man, I try to make 2000 extra a month.


I mean, I would, I would do Are you on the road a lot with trucking though? What's that? What's your lifestyle situation? Yeah. Like I'm literally on the road right now. I have to pull over to do The call. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Are are you, are you over the road? Are you, are you you in town? No, I'm over the road. Like I'm, I'm doing a load to Michigan right now from North Carolina. And when you get back, do you turn around and flip it and head out again? Or do you have some downtime? Well, that's the, I'm an owner operator so I can do how I want to For that want. Okay. So, yeah, exactly. I heard you mention this a few times. Rachel laid out a plan. We're not doing bankruptcy here. Okay? We're not trying to hack our way through this.


But you're gonna have to change the way you live. Yeah. And you're gonna have to change the way you see the world. And right now you're gonna have two years of this sucks. Okay? Okay. If you'll commit right now, how old are you? I'm 39. All right. I want you to write a letter today to 41-year-old you. Oh, okay. And tell 41-year-old you what you're, what you decided to do today as a 39-year-old so that 41-year-old you could breathe. Okay. Okay. And I'm gonna give you financial peace University. I'm gonna give you all the classes for free. I'm gonna give you EveryDollar app for a year so you can start tracking every freaking penny.


Yeah. And this is, this is gonna be, listen, it's gonna be how you spend money on the road. It's gonna have be how you get, take an extra job. You're gonna work when you're tired, you're gonna go and you're gonna go, you're gonna go, you're gonna go. Okay. And you're gonna thank you. You're not gonna pretend these stupid credit cards don't exist. 'cause they do. You're gonna call the companies that Rachel said, and you're gonna stare down this dragon piece by piece by piece. Okay. Yeah. Is that cool? I got it. You got it? You guys answered my question. thank You. Can do am Mara. It's, it's gonna be hard. I mean, it's, this is a, this is a totally, you know, from a 39-year-old shifting the way you viewed and handle money. And it's not gonna be fun, Mara. We always say you can wander your way into debt, but you can wander your way out. So it's gonna be an intense, probably two years. Oh. But on the other side of this, I'm like, it, it's gonna be, it's gonna be so hopeful for you.


So we're excited You're gonna be 41 whether you want to or not. The question is, do you wanna be 41 or not owe anybody anything? Or you wanna be 41 and still chasing ghosts? This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. October is the season for wearing costumes and masks. But let's be honest, a lot of us hide our true selves behind a mask in costumes all the time. We do this at work, we do this with our friends, with our families. We even do this with ourselves. I've been there multiple times in my life when I'm not being my true self. And it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where you can be honest with yourself. So you can take off the costumes and take off the mask and learn to live an authentic life. If you're considering therapy, I want you to contact BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Rachel Cruz on our money and marriage weekend. Let's go out to New Orleans, Louisiana and talk to Carrie. What's up Carrie? How we doing? Hello? Excuse me. I'm a little nervous. Hey, I'm nervous too. I'm not very good at this, so we'll just be nervous together. What's up? So, Lemme tell you what's going on. My mother, who's 80 years old, she lost her husband three years ago, which is my stepdad. And they were not ever in a financial great place. He tried to get on disability a few times and never wanted to hold down a job. And my mom worked underneath the table a lot. And she took ca took care of elderly people. Well, he passed away, left her nothing and their house is reverse reverse mortgage, which is the worst.


Yeah. So fast forward, my sister moves in with her and pays it for all the utilities and everything, her and her husband. And they moved down where my mom was to be close to their grandkids. So now her husband found a job far away in South Carolina. And now my mom is left with all the utilities and stuff again. And originally when my stepdad passed away, she was gonna move in with my sister in San Antonio. My brother close to her, or she can even move in with me. I'm moving closer to her in about five months. So this was always an option. This is what she was gonna do. 'cause we knew she couldn't afford the house. A couple, a few weeks ago, I had both of my sisters on FaceTime and they asked me if I was able to pitch in for my mom to live in her home.


'cause she really didn't want to leave her house. My, me and my husband have been on your baby steps. We stopped investing, we paid off our credit card. We will pay off his car in April. And then his student loans. We are so focused we don't go out to eat. And we are so excited about it. And then we got this call. So I liberated with my husband. He's like, Carrie, it's a reverse mortgage. Why would we throw in money into it when your mom has options? And this was the plan anyway, because she cannot make it by herself. My mom is 80, she's in great shape. She works out twice a day. She's on no meds. She will live probably a long life. However, you know, when I went back with my sisters with the reverse mortgage and throwing money away, they were like, okay, well what if you do it for five or six months?


Like, and my husband was still like, We, Can, do whatever you want, Carrie. But you know, I don't think it's a good idea. She has ways of, you know, being living, but just not in her home. The home is falling apart. So I feel bad because I'm the daughter that said no. And now I feel a rift. Yeah. The rift is gonna, and My brother who's 60 and my brother who's 60 didn't get asked to pay some of the money every month because he is not great himself. But he does have a home that's paid for that he could, that he was inherited, that she can stay, but it's just small. So of course he's never a part of the equation 'cause he's never had the money to help. So I said no. And my money, the care, Care, care, care, great money you, you're having your heart broken is real.


Okay? Yes. And trying to search by this thi this fault and this person should have. and I can't believe that it, all of that is a distraction from just how much it hurts to find your mom. And this situation to find you and your husband in your own personal situation. The fact that your sisters are trying to clamor and change the plan to last all this is just ugh. And yes, you got permission to feel bad. My rule of thumb in these situations is always, always, always choose guilt over resentment every time. Correct. If you start paying money against the plan, you'll already have established. And like I said, if it was five months and it was gonna clear my mom and my mom was gonna be okay, I'd be all in.


If it's five months and we're having this conversation again in five months and again in five months, then Right. I, I'm making the problem worse long term. Right. And there's no guarantee there. Of course. I don't know what happens for three or five months, you know, Well, well none of us do. But I, I I'm less worried about that. It, here's the deal. If you pay this money every time your sister calls you and you see her name come up on your phone, you're gonna get pissed. Yeah. Every time your mom texts you, you're gonna get mad. And they don't deserve that. And that would be because you didn't hold your boundary. Not because they exist. That's resentment. That's not fair to them. And my mom, my mom would never, she doesn't even bring it up. She's never asked me for anything. She's not that type. She's letting my sisters do it. She's very sweet, gentle lady.


Yeah. But she's, it sounds like she's also, that's what makes it even worse. She's parenting from the one down position. That's the nerd word in counseling where there's, there, there's the one up position, which is when you beat your chest like dad's do. And they're like, Hey, in my house, there's that. But then there's the one down, which is like, oh, okay, I guess I just won't eat. There's some, there's some pine cones in the backyard, I'll just eat those. And it's like, all right mom, where do you want to eat? Right. It's that, or even worse. I mean, She is sweet and kind, and the sisters are feeling they have to either, she's not doing anything in the situation. So the sisters are like, we have to be the parents in it. She's, she's like, don't, I don't wanna Call, I don't wanna call Carrie, can y'all just, can you just call her for me? And so anyway, you set your boundary.


Right. And that's, I have to stick with my husband and our plan. Like, this is my house. I have, you know, two kids and we're never going out to, we're just trying to be hone in on our can't We get blasted and you can't save somebody else when you're drowning. So like, like there is a, there is a, a realness and reality to making sure that your household is taken care of. Right? I mean, if we're Yeah. If right. This was all reversed and you had My husband made We $3 million in the bank and you're like, golly, should we help mom out? You know what I mean? Like, help Your mom out. We're totally like you. Like you have consumer debt. You guys are shifting the way that you're doing it. You're making progress within your own family. Totally. Yeah. To be able then to help people. But right now it doesn't make sense.


Do you have care, do you have numbers on the house situation? I'm just curious and Well, it's Only, it's, it's only gonna be three 50 a piece from each one of us. Well, I mean like her, like the mor so that's why I'm asking like the mor like No, but see there is no mortgage. 'cause it's a reverse reverse mortgage. So How much does she take out? It's Her insurance. Yes. It's her insurance and her utilities and so far and so forth. And my mom has little bitty credit card bills and I told her she needs to get out of like JC like small, small things. And I'm like, Yeah, but with the reverse mortgage, she took money out on the equity. Like, do you know like when they, when they applied for their I Don't because my step No. 'cause my stepfather took care of all that and my mom is just one of the people who just signs the papers and she just goes along with it, you know, because something Is probably owed at some level of all of this.


Oh, oh, for sure. So I'm sure. 'cause if she leaves the house, she's gonna have to just leave the house and let them get it back. That's right. It's gonna be their house. She's already signed it away. Yes, It's right. She's already signed it away. That's right. It's been done. And the house is falling apart. Well, listen, literally, Carrie, it's, it's heartbreaking when you and your husband turn a corner and y'all start making plans. Yes. And someone in your family's hurting and they don't care about what you think. Yeah. They just want your money. Right. They just want your time. I think more like my sister's and feeling sorry for my mom want Her to Yeah. It's the sister's coming in Resing as she can. Yeah. Yeah. And they see my, my husband graduated from college, he just got his master's and he's getting a promotion and they see us doing well and they think because my husband makes a certain amount and we're doing well, that they, I think they think, okay, well they got it.


That's right. Well we blew money for the longest and we're just now getting our stuff together and now we're honing in. And Gary, Carry, carry. Listen, you don't owe anyone an explanation, period. You're right. You don't, the person I think you're wrestling with is you. Yes. And if you've drawn a line that you don't believe in all I had, listen, if you drew a line that you don't believe in, address that. But if you believe in this, it's okay to feel guilty. It's okay to feel upset. It's okay for it to all be hard. I get that. But you don't owe anybody an explanation. A simple, Hey guys, we're not in a place to do it right now. We just aren't. We're digging out of a huge hole. End of story conversation's over. Yes. And they get to choose And asked my sister, she was mad at me and she was like, well, I have some resentment, but you know, I'm not gonna go backwards.


and I haven't heard from other sisters. I know, but Carrie, she's been mad at you your whole life. Right? True. That Yes. True. That she's been mad at you forever. This isn't any different. She's been mad at you since she took her Michael Jackson record when her kids or whatever. I don't know. Yes. Like you, it's who She is. Yes. So you, you can't live your life trying to make her happy. You know why? 'cause that, that finish line will always move. You're Right. Your mom, that She is never asked for your financial help. She's never gonna No, That's yeah. Right. She's Gonna be way that is. No, she never gonna ask. Do what? Right. And my mom will let me unconditionally. Do you know, Carrie, if your mom, does she have any money? Like is she really truly survive it? Absolutely. Truly. From paycheck to paycheck. Yes. I mean, But paycheck to paycheck. Her wife. Yes. But does she have money? Like she's not working?


No, she's not working. Did your, did her husband leave any Married? She has social. She's getting some social security. He has, he was absolutely, he just drained her down even more. It, He was work. So she, so the only income she's getting apart from family is social security. Is that correct? That's it. That's, he didn't leave a life insurance policy or anything? No. Okay. And, and do you know, to bury, and I'm curious, do you know the numbers of what the social security check is and what she needs to live off Of? I think it's, I literally think it's like she makes like 13 or 14, a hundred a month. Okay. and I would be curious for bills and I wonder too, Carrie, if some of this, I don't know if this would be helpful, maybe this is how I kind of function. It's like a lot of the details aren't there knowing exactly what is she getting in, what bills actually need to be paid, how much are the exact amounts.


Some of that may help you in all of this. 'cause you could get through it, Carrie, and, and think like, oh, It's $50. Yeah. It, it really is not as, as big of a deal as my sisters are even making it out to me. Right. Yeah. So I think the drama is there because of the family dynamics too. So I would get some hard numbers just for your own peace of mind, if that helps at all.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr. Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant online quotes.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Rachel Cruz. Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally Mae, but they hurt just the same Why, Refi refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. So stop feeling the pain of defaulted private student loan debt. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's why the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey. And this may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Toby in Wisconsin. He said, I have a question about tough conversations I'm about to propose. and I would like to be sure that we have covered all the tough money conversations when it comes to money. What are some topics to make sure I should cover or good questions to ask? Well, I would just, it's good, Tony, say right off the bat, you're not gonna cover all of anything before you're married. No, I thought I had it all figured out and We went to premarital counseling, we're like, check We Did it and now we're ready. And then it's like Ww I'm a quarter century in, and my wife said something the other day and I looked at her and just got quiet. and I said, who are you?


Like, I don't know you. Right? But, but great question. Yes. and I love the optimism that you're gonna get all the questions done before you get married. Okay. So on the money, on the money side going tactical, and this is for all of you listening and watching that maybe you're in a similar situation when you're going into, especially a marriage, knowing all the money, information that you can ahead of time is like required, right? So how much you, how much you make, how much your, you know, future fiance makes debt level investments. If there are, you know, other accounts, credit card, retirement, I mean, anything that's out there, money-wise, it should be, you know, free reign to be able to talk and know everything.


Because when you get married, ideally it all comes together as one, right? So that's on the, that's on the more tactical numbers side. Knowing just that basic information, which a lot of couples Don't run a credit report because the number of times people call and they're like, he didn't know he had this other $30,000 in student loans or whatever. Oh, that's fair. Think you run a credit report and compare him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thats fair too. That gets everything on, on the, on the, on the table. Yes. And then there's more of the emotional kind of bigger questions, right? The value system conversation. We get a question a lot of, you know, should I marry someone that has debt? And I'm like, yes, of course. Yeah. You know, yes. As long as you both are in agreement on how you wanna live life with money, right? So it's not if they have debt or not, it's, Hey, do you guys wanna be on the same page when it comes to the subject of debts?


Talk about that. I would talk about, I would talk about goals in life. You know, what are things that, that you wanna do? You know, one of them may be you wanna travel the world, the other one, he wants to own a home in the next four years or whatever it is, right? So some of these more goal goal-oriented questions, just talk about that. Which hopefully those kind of things are in the middle of other conversations that you're having about life. 'cause that's, that is money, right? Money is a tool in life that you use to do the things that you wanna do. So hopefully you guys know most of that. Yeah. Going in, of kind of what you want your life to look like And I think underneath those things or right next to them, I think creating a rhythm that you don't have one conversation and forget it. Right? So I think the, I'm always talking to parents like, you don't have a sex conversation, right?


It's, it's an ethos in your house where your kids know they can ask you any question anytime and their bodies aren't weird, right? It's kinda like that. Yes. Yes. You don't have a money conversation. Let this be, be begin setting up a rhythm where maybe when you're engaged once a month, you're like, Hey, let's talk about our, our our our month, our week. Right? That, that's right. And when you get married, you wanna do that every, every two weeks or every week. So let's start a rhythm where we con constantly coming back to the table to have this conversation and commit to being very open-handed. And what am I mean by that? Is this. My wife knew when we got married, I always wanted to end up in the woods. I wanna buy a place in the woods where nobody can see us so that when the world catches fire, we're gonna be okay.


See? Right. That's prepper Kind of, that's where John and, and I kinda Yeah. We, we know, we know what's gonna Happen. But here's the thing. After four years of being in the woods, my wife was like, Ugh, she wanted this whatever she wanted sell sick signal. Right? And she wanted to take less than an hour to get to the grocery store, Sheila. Unbelievable. Right? It's ridiculous. Right? and I wanted, I wanted water all the time, not just when it rained. Right. And so we recently, we, we kept our place, but we moved to the city where we, where we Right. I'd to grieve that. And, but had it been locked down, it would've been a fight. But we are very open handed about, I really want this, I'm gonna try this, I wanna experiment with this.


And if it doesn't work out, it's okay in our house to say we change their mind. Yes. Right? Yes. This is a fun experiment that I think all engaged couples should do. I want you, it it, it's, I call it the friends experiment. There was some old articles about the show friends. Yeah. When they actually went through and said, okay, this apartment in Manhattan would cost this, this couch that. Like they went and ran the numbers. The Monica Technically got it from her grandmother, so it was under like rent control. There's reasons. They had reasons, Yeah. But then Rachel would go work retail, right? And Then they'd go to a coffee shop at 2:00 PM and all Hang out. They're all hanging out. So here, here's the thing. I think it'd be fun to get on a Pinterest board. And if you're like me and you don't know what that is, just ask a person, you're gonna marry, create a fantasy.


Like if we could have any house anywhere, and then actually run what that actually costs in real life and I think it'll be both depressing, but it will also level you back to reality. And then y'all can be happy with the world you have now and maybe have this thing out there. You wanna go chase one day. Yes. but it keeps everybody from being like, I thought we're gonna be a Tahoe family. We're, we're a Corolla family right now. We might be a, you know, a use Tahoe family one day, but we're not there yet. And it helps level everything back. Yeah. That's good. And then I would also say, Toby, with the money specifically, since you asked about that, I think it can be so easy, especially if you're getting married later in life and you kind of have like your rhythm and the way you do money to feel like the way I do it is right. And if something is different than that, then that's wrong.


And learning that, you know, when you get married, there is strengths and weaknesses your spouse brings to the relationship. Right? And so we all have this ability when you get married to actually learn. So, so have the curiosity mindset too, because I would say if Toby's writing into The, Ramsey, Show, Toby's probably the one that's hardcore with money, I'm gonna say. So again, ha don't, you know, listen, have your values, but just know, okay, if my, if my fiance is, is different when it comes to money, that doesn't mean she's wrong. She actually can bring something to my life. That's great. On my honeymoon, I looked over, and it's not that kind of story, James, it's okay. On my honeymoon, I looked over and my wife was brushing her teeth.


and I said these exact words, Is that how you brush your teeth? Hey, you're doing that wrong. Stop it. Oh My Gosh. Because here's why, here's why my wife is part-time serial killer. She took her toothbrush and put toothpaste on it and then just jabbed it directly into her mouth. Oh, she Didn't put water, she didn't Put water on it like a person who loves Jesus and babies and puppies, right? And so I looked at her and I was like, Hey, you're doing this wrong. And she, she said something along the lines of, oh God, this is gonna be along forever. Right? Like, oh crap. But, but here it was like, okay, there's multiple ways to brush your teeth, right? Yes. Right. And there's multiple ways to, to do things in life. and I think what you're saying is so, so perfect, Rachel, you have a way and your spouse is gonna have a way.


And what matters is what y'all agree on moving forward. Yeah.


Hey, and all of this and more. This, this turned into a pitch. I didn't even mean for it to, but here we are. There's a money and marriage date night, is it next? It's next week, right? Next Tuesday, yes. Next Tuesday. There's a live event hosted by me and Rachel Cruz. And Specific date is October 29th. 29th. Yes. Yes. Yes. If you're listening to this in any day, that's not right. This second, we're gonna be talking about real topics like goal setting, budgeting, working through every season of life as a team, your marriage. It's a live stream event. So we have a, an entire second floor here full of people who are here for an in-person retreat this weekend. This will be a money marriage event that you can have in the comfort of your own house. It's also gonna be a live q and a. And Rachel and I will answer your questions October 29th, get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash slash events. The total is 49 bucks. And you can click the link in the description. If you're listening to this on the YouTubes or The podcast. This is, this is a great option for all of you listening that again, you're not here in Nashville. We have another money in marriage in February. Yeah. Weekend, the Valentine's weekend in February that we're gonna do this same type of event. But if you are, you know, early on in the baby steps, if you guys don't have the ability to get away for two or three nights to Nashville, like this is the next best thing because John and I, as we've set up content and stuff for this event, wanna set you, you guys up as a couple when you watch this, to continue these conversations. Right? Right. So even a one nine events can be the starting point of like, Hey, we wanna work towards something better when it comes to our money and our marriage. So make sure to check it out you guys again. October 29th, a live event via the internet, John and myself. Tickets are $49. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events and hang out with us next Tuesday night. And as always, we'll give you some questions to ask each other and we will commit to making it weird for everybody. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Rachel Cruz. Let's go out to Edmonton and talk to Alberta Edmonton, Alberta where they play hockey instead of the footballs. And talk to Nick. What's up Nick? Hey Nick, How's it going? Hey, what's up man? Not too much, I just don't know what to do in this situation. I'm 18 years old, I'm turning 19 in February. I have a $5,000 car payment and I work at a light duty mechanic shop. My mom and dad don't want me to live with them anymore. They, they'd liked me to kind of move outta the nest.


So I was just wondering like, would be worth putting down payment on a home and just renting out bedrooms while living in it? Or should I get like a rental area and rent with a friend or something? I just don't wanna, I don't wanna screw myself over in the future with loans and stuff. Yeah. Know I have to pay for my schooling. Well, When you said $5,000 car loan, do you owe five grand on the note? Are you paying 5,000 bucks a month? Surely you're not, not It, it's $224 every month is what I'm paying. But the total is five grand. But I Took the loan, pardon Me? The total is five grand. Yeah, that's what I have left to pay. I had it out for 15,000 and I paid 10,000 down within a whole entire year.


Okay, Good for you Nick. How much do you make a year? How much are you making working? That's the struggle. I don't know because while I've only been at the shop for three months and I just passed my probation. And also I get a flat rate so I don't get paid per hour. I get paid per job. So I could have, an oil change takes 20 minutes, so I only get paid for 20. But if it takes the 30, I'm not getting paid for the other 10. So it kind of depends on how fast I am and how efficient I am at my job. Okay. So the last month, what, what did you make, what did you bring home last month? Just over two grand. I think it was $2,200. Okay. And do you see that being consistent month over month or do you think now once you've, since you've passed the probation period, all of that, do you foresee it going up an another good amount?


It should go up, I'm hoping for sure. Yeah. Because I know they're gonna raise it up, but I, I don't really know how far it works too, too much. I'm kind of just learning how to do it still, but yeah. Okay. and I and I don't wanna move out. I'd like to live at home and like save up my money. Yeah. Why are they kicking you Out? What's the, yeah, what's the conversation with your parents like? Well, they're not like fully kicking you out, but they're kind of just mentioning it that I should probably think about leaving sooner or later. They they, They're kicking you out, bro. They're kicking you out. Oh, they're just doing it. They're, they're doing it slow and kind, but they're they're they're kicking you out. Yeah. How come they, they just want their house back. They want you to fly, it's time you to get outta the nest or are you drinking too much? Like why do they want you outta there? I don't have any habits. I don't spend my money. I just kind of save it up.


I don't drink, I don't do drugs, I don't do any of that. Okay. I think they're just kind of wanting me to be on my own probably for Okay, cool. I don't know. I don't dunno. No, That's great. You Know how parents are at that rate. So Yeah. I'm one my, my 14-year-old rolls his eyes at me too, man. It's just kind of part of it. So what I would do, Nick, is I would first sit down and kind of get a timeline of what their expectations are and what's reality for you. Right? You've turned 18, you have a job, you're not making a lot. I mean, it, it'll come out to like, you know, 20 grand, you know, a year at, at your current rate after taxes and stuff. So you're not making a lot to sustain a lifestyle. So I would be curious for them, like it's what we're October just to say, Hey mom and dad, I wanna have more of a clear conversation with you on your expectations.


'cause I wanna be respectful. I'm an adult now and I understand, you know, I'm 18 and I can move out, but I wanna know what you all are thinking. 'cause that'll at least give you a timeline if they're like, 'cause if it's this weird period of like, oh no Nick, as long as it's next summer or something, then you're like, okay, we kinda have a date. So I would get a date with your parents of like, here's when they want you to move out. And then, I mean that's, I mean, they get to set it, I guess it's their house. But what you're gonna have to realize, Nick, is that yeah, you're gonna probably have to up this income. So whether it's that you're making more in the job that you currently have or maybe getting a second job after, because I do not want you buying a house, but renting is obviously the best option after moving out.


And if you can get friends Yeah. And get a rental house and get a couple bedrooms filled and you guys can like split the rent, you know, three or four different ways, that's ideal just to lower that expense. But I mean, as of now that you're not making a ton to live on your own. So I, I mean, I would have that conversation with them too. And Part of turning 18 man is, is not the most fun. But you need to also have this direct conversation with your employer too. And okay, there's a mindset shift that happens when you're 17 and you get hired on and they put you on probation and you get to work. The whole thing is set up as you should count your lucky stars that they picked you.


But I want you to flip that around now, if you've been pulling your weight and doing good work and you're certified now you're 18 years old, you come to the table and say, I'm happy to be here. I need some structure. Meaning I need to know how much money I'm gonna make. I need to know what the comp schedule is, what the comp plan is. If it's just me working 20 minutes by 20 minutes and I don't have any input on marketing. It's not like even like a barber who does a great job and they get to bring clients back. It's just, you're wholly dependent. I'm not gonna live that life. That's a tough life to live. 20 minutes by 20 minutes depending on what car just rolls into the, into the, into the, the garage, right?


And so they should, you should sit down and say, Hey, I've passed my stuff. I wanna talk about what a long-term plan is. 'cause I wanna be here and I appreciate the the risk you took on me. I just need some, some guarantee on what this thing's gonna look like. And then you have to make a big boy grownup grown man decision. Now do I wanna stay here? But Rachel's point, dude, 20 grand a year as you can't, you can't live in, in Canada with that kind of money. You can't live anywhere, right? Yeah. And Rachel's right on sit down with your parents and say, Hey, I'm getting the hints. Is this, do you want me out right now? Is this three months? Can I have six months to save up so that I can put a six, you know, six months down on a, on a lease or something like that? But yeah, you're in a hundred percent no place to buy a house yet, man.


Not until you are way more subtle than you can put down 10, 15, 20% down on a home in cash. And that's after you've paid off your car. You don't owe anybody any money and you've got an emergency fund so that when the cars stopped coming in the bay, you can still pay your bills every month. So you're just getting rolling brother. But have those hard conversations with your parents and with your employer and be good to go there. And by the way, don't hate on your parents. They wanna see you fly and that conversation's a hard one to have. And they're probably trying to soft play it and be nice. And if you don't have the direct conversation now, Rachel, there's gonna come a day when they snap and they're like, you're out this weekend. And that will be too.


It'll be, you know, too quick for you. It'll just be a mess. So just take be the, be the adult here and go sit down and say, let's let's map out a an exit strategy. I love that. I love it. Yeah, for sure. And you know, to bring, I don't know, I think I would be impressed if my son came and was like, Hey, can I know what the average, you know, light, like what you're paying for lights and water. Like even knowing what it takes to run a household and ask those questions and build out a mock budget and be like, okay, here's what I'm short a month. If I were to go rent somewhere and let's say I got three roommates, you know, rent on average, I'm looking around this with utilities, car payment food, like this is probably what I need to live off of a month. Like you can kind of start making a plan and ask your parents those questions about what they pay, you know, for utilities and that kind of thing.


I mean, I feel like that would be a very mature Yeah. Type planning and I think they probably would appreciate it, may buy you an extra week or two to live at home. Well, well, and here's the thing. If, if I, if let's say my son graduates and he just starts working at a local shop and all of a sudden at six months after high school graduation, he's not gonna college and he's still home and he's just gonna work every day and sitting down at the dinner table, I'm more of a direct guy. Right? So we would have more of a direct conversation Sure. But if he came and sat down and said, Hey, I've got a seven month plan. That's right. Yes. And here's how much I'm making. I want to contribute 200 bucks, not a lot, but I wanna contribute some to the water and electricity now and I need seven months and by seven months I'll have this much money. I'm, dude, I would be so proud of him.


That's Yes. It would be. I I want to, I would wanna support him in every way possible Yes. And help him get launched out. Great. Yeah. In situations like this, you know, it's the lack of communication is where the messiness, I feel like always, always comes into play. And, and to know that, you know, we are, we are more on this, or I'll say I am, I'm more on the side of fly and be free. Like, I think that, you know, we, you, you can stay somewhere and save money and mathematically financially that's really wise. But for you as a person when you're being taken care of by mom and dad for too long Yeah. Into your twenties, you know what I mean? Like, and all of that. Like, there's just something to be said about being on your own. There's a character thing there that happens. There's a, there's a grown, you know, you, you grow up faster when you do that. So I'm more on that side.


But again, under the circumstances of there are seasons for different things. People go through different events at different times and parents can be there to help their grown children in different ways. But it's the communication That's right. That's the, that's the always gonna be the number one. So Nick, I would tighten that up with your parents and that'll give you more of security, of knowing expectation. And there's gonna be a woman that drives in to get her oil changed. And she's gonna say, can I come pick you up and be like, yeah, from my mom's house. Like, you're gonna wanna get your own place, you're gonna wanna get your own place. Hey, that's the first hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back shortly right here on The Ramsey Show, Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed?


Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good.


Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today. Welcome, welcome. It's The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Rachel Cruz, and we are taking your calls live on your relationships, your money building wealth work that you love. Rachel, we've been doing this for how long? I say we, Dave's been doing this for 30 years. The great and powerful Dave Ramsey and the rest of us have joined Dave and the Dave Vets. Yeah, we have joined I'd say the last, you know, seven Yeah, yeah. For a while. Five, seven years. Taking your calls on everything going on in your life, your money, your relationships, your work, all of it.


And we're, we're, we're taking your calls live, no. Net triple eight Eight two five five two two five. It's triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. And again, I'm John Delony, joined by Rachel Cruz. Call us from all over the planet. Let's go out to Oklahoma City and talk to Violet. Violet. Violet, what's up Oklahoma. Hi. Thanks for taking my call guys. Of Course. What's going on? So I just found Dave Ramsey and, and you guys about two weeks ago. I'm excited to get into it, but how do I even begin? Start working the baby steps when my husband has a cognitive decline and will continue to decline with no cure.


Tell me about it. Mm. My husband has Huntington's disease. Ah, so How Far for people who don't know? Yeah, he's stage two, geez right now. So he still can drive and I have guardianship over him. How old is he right now? We, he's 55 actually late onset. Yeah, I'm sorry, viol. So, so yeah, for people who don't know, that's like having Alzheimer's a LS Parkinson's and some doctors say schizophrenia as well. It's all Together. Yeah, it's tough. So, sorry is, yeah. So have y'all set, I'm, I'm assuming you've set up all the n necessary power of attorneys and you've got the accounts in your name and all that kind of stuff. Yeah, I have account in my name.


We didn't do power of attorney. He was conserved when we lived in California. And then when I moved to Oklahoma, we just got guardianship. So I didn't know, should I be, do having power of attorney as well as guardianship. I would sit down with an attorney yesterday. Okay. Okay. And, and map it out. Okay. And, and state planning attorney and I think the, the thing that I hear catches most people off guard that I've sat with over the years is, especially on any kind of stage when you've got cancer, you've got this kind of challenge. You've got any sort of thing that is progressive is, and they say it's progressive. And maybe you got five years progressive, maybe you got 10 years progressive, maybe you have 18 months.


The challenge is one month, two months, three months goes by and it's easy to drop your shoulders into, settle in. Okay, I've got 36 months left like this. And what's not taken to a an account is there comes a moment when everything falls off a cliff. And if you don't have that stuff set up now, trying to deal with it when this thing starts sliding. Right. When he's, when he needs in-home care, when he is unsafe, like these things, as they progress, who knows Right. How it's gonna unwind. Right? Right. And so getting these things in writing, I would sit with an attorney, an estate planning attorney, and map out everything, whether you need a, i, I won't even go through all the legal stuff right now, but sit down with an attorney today or tomorrow and get that stuff squared up and you have to stare the sunshine in the face on this when it will feel surreal that you're having this conversation.


Because this man's been a part of your life for a long time, right? Yeah, 13 years. Okay. Yeah. I'm So sorry. Viol, what's the ongoing medical care? Like? Money-wise? Are you guys, do you have good insurance or what is that looking like for you? Nope. We were living in California below poverty level and I said, I don't wanna live here anymore. We gotta go somewhere else. We sold everything. We owned, packed up two cars with two kids and moved to Oklahoma. Okay. And How long ago was that? We started, yeah, it was, it was stressful, but now I'm in a job where I'm making $40,000 a year. Okay. And so I can only go up from there. He's not working right now. Sure. Okay. Has He Filed for SSI, He actually doesn't qualify for SSI anymore because I make too much money.


So we cut him off after a certain point. I've tried talking to him, maybe we should do legal separation, but he doesn't wanna do that. Which I completely understand. Yeah. I would appeal and I would appeal and I would appeal and I would appeal again and again and again and again. And your attorney can help you with that? Yeah. Well, he, he has to have so much work credits and he just doesn't have 'em. So I have him set up right now, he's going through a program here for, he's seeking employment for disa disabled adults. So that's gonna help him and us as we're How old are your kids? Viol? 12 and nine. Okay, Man. So, okay. So financially, real quick, 'cause we have a couple of minutes with you.


Where, where are you guys at? So tell me, I know you're income not, and then debt, debt wise, how, how much do you guys have in debt? Debt wise, we're only 12,000. Okay. What's it on? We Don on Our cars. We don't, that's it's, and that's just credit cards, So. Okay. Okay. And you're using the credit cards to basically live above poverty line in California. Was it, was it to sustain a level of living? Pretty much, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Are you guys in a place with your income and living in Oklahoma that you're able to, are you able to live paycheck to paycheck or are you dipping into the credit cards monthly to, to keep afloat? No, we're, we're living paycheck to paycheck. Okay. We're making minimum payments on everything.


Okay. So we're not behind on anything. Yeah. But there's extra spending with somebody who, you know, he has to have this, this, and this. Oh, For sure. I'm Like, that's money that can be going to this, you know? Sure. Like, well, I need money for this. Yeah. and I'm like, you really don't have their, so he's kind of excited. He's be like, okay, I wanna get outta debt. So do I just keep doing, like having the separate bank accounts? He, there's one with mine and his name, and then one with his name so that I, I can funnel money to him when he needs It. Every, everybody's gotta be above board on this. Is he able to, is he able to be a co-manager of the money of the household right now From his mental capacity state?


I, yes. Yes and no. I mean, he'll see something go, oh, I want that. Okay. I Don Well, listen. No, the most important thing is that he has a safe place to live and that you and his kids are safe. And so if, if he has, golly, if he is unable to, we have our Four walls. Four. Yeah, I know, but he, it's a couple of expenses away. If y'all share an account and he just, he has a, an impulse purchase, not blaming him, but he's not well, and he makes an impulse purchase. It's not his fault, huh? Yeah. Right. Yeah. It's not his Fault. So then, So at some point you have to protect yourself and if he can hear that conversation, amazing.


If he can't, then maybe you put $25 in quote, unquote his account and you are managing on the side. Okay. That's what I'm wondering to do. That's what I, Yeah, I think that's great. What I wanna do, and I think that's Best, I'm never about division, we're always about to share your money. But this is a very special situation. If you, if you've just come on to us, you know, the last two weeks and you've binged and looked up any videos about married couples. I mean, 99% of the time we say combined accounts, combine accounts, combine accounts, we have a, you know, a whole marriage weekend we're gonna talk about combined accounts be on the same page. But there are reasons not to, and if there's addiction involved, if there is abuse, and in this case, viol, I would say, you know, if, if, if the other cogniti capacity mentally cannot handle that, then for sure, I mean, there's common sense that plays into all of this, right? That's right. And so I think yeah, for you to be the one that is really, it's, and I even hate to say that, but it's terrible.


But the adults in the situation, that's, that's right. Because sadly, with hi, what, with what he has, it's gonna continue to progress the opposite way. And so just to put you guys in a great position, if you hold on the line, violet, Christian's gonna pick up and we wanna gift you Financial Peace University and EveryDollar for a year, and also get signed up with a financial coach and have an hour session on me and John will pay for it. But to sit down with actually someone to look over some of your numbers, because I also think that there's, from a medical standpoint, things I want make sure are covered within the trust because there's some complications there. So we'll get you an hour with a financial coach to go over some of that, but we'll Be thinking about your calls anytime Vibe. Yep. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks, and you probably already know which ones I mean, but I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years, and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join. And Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Hey, Dr John Delony here, data suggests people who have amazing marriages are happier and they're healthier. But in the modern world, marriage especially a deep, intimate marriage can feel impossible. And that's why I'm thrilled to announce the launch of Questions for Humans Intimacy Edition. These cards will help you build a stronger marriage, help you learn to feel connected. And yes, there's a lot of questions about the Oh yeah, stuff. Get yours today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, or click the description if you're on YouTube or podcast.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Rachel Cruz. Let's go out to Albany New York and talk to Jessica. Hey, Jessica. What's going on? Hi, How's it going? So I'm calling because I have a whole life insurance policy that I've been holding onto since 2012, and now I'm thinking hearing Dave and you guys are hearing that the hole is garbage and that I should switch the term, but I'm not sure about the tax implications and stuff like that. I just don't really know what to do with the life insurance policy from here on out. Okay. Have you looked into what the payout will be when you, if you dissolve it?


So since the cash value is eight grand Okay. And Of your money back to you, that's, that drives me crazy. Yeah. And have you looked into term at all to make sure that you, you, I mean, you're, are you healthy Jessica? Like, like you could probably get another Yeah, insure. Okay. I'm gonna be 39. I'm 39 now. I'm gonna be 40 next year. So I'm kind of like, do I hold onto it? I have two little ones. My husband's the primary beneficiary, but my oldest daughter is the contingent. And I'm like, do I hold onto this? I already called the company and asked them if I should, you know, if I could switch it from whole to term.


And of course they said no. Well, you could cash it out and then get a term insurance policy with us. And I'm like, I don't know what the tax implications are or anything, or if it be worth it to do that, or if I should just hold onto, because it looks like it is, it's gotten like $1,500 in the last year. Yeah. But it, it's your money according To the statements that Right. Your So the way says they, they gonna get it back. You overpay them. Right. They invest that money, they take a piece of the investment return and then they call you and they're like, look what you have. And it's a crappy return anyways. So Yeah. So no, I would cancel it regardless of what the, whatever the fees and tax implication is. I don't know what taxes are when you cash it out.


It may be income, it may be like a, like a, okay, A capital gain, it's 8,000 bucks. It's not very much Money. Yeah. Yeah. So I would, I would pay the taxes on It five a month. So I've been ignoring it for all this time. How much, How are you, I'm listening to you guys. I'm like, all right, I need to do something about this. Yeah. How much are you paying a month for it? 55. 55? Yeah. I'm a state worker. I make around 50 a year, so, oh, sorry. I wasn't really missing it, you know? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Okay. 55 bucks. Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. So what I would do Still don't wanna be robbed slowly by the Insurance company, company either. And that's what Totally, and that's what it ends up being. When you're pairing an investment in insurance together, you're always gonna get a crappy product, usually on both sides, but for sure on the investment side.


So, so yeah, I would cancel it for sure today. But before, well before you cancel it, I should say make sure you have term in place. 'cause I do want you to have life insurance. You guys have two little kids. Oh, okay. So I would still have life insurance. And so you do work, is that what you said outside the home? Yeah. Okay. So I would get a policy 10 to 12 times your annual income. And that's about, that's around the policy that you would need. and I would go to Xandr, you can go to xandr.com or give them a call. Xandr Insurance. Oh yeah. And they're great. 'cause they're a more, they're, they're a insurance broker, so they're gonna shop all different companies to get you the best deal versus like this one you call, I don't know, state Farm and it's just State Farm or whatever, you know, like you'll be able to get all different kinds of, of quotes and that.


So that's what I would do. And then I would go ahead and apply and get that coverage going first and the day that goes into place, the po the term policy, then I would call whole life, cancel it, get your a grand to move on. Gotcha. All right. And then, okay, so you said 10 to 12 month months for my 10 to 12 times your, your Life life insurance Policy. 10 to 12 times, 12 times Your annual income. That's right. If you, if you make 50 grand, yeah. I would get a policy at a minimum of 500 grand, which should not cost you very much money a year. Okay, Awesome. It won't be, it won't be a huge cost. And by the way, this isn't just us pitching a product when I was 40, maybe 40 or 41.


Yeah, No, I understand. I did the exact thing you're doing. I called Xandr and got my insurance moved over to them with term and it's, it's fantastic. Gotcha. Okay. Awesome. Yeah, I just wanna say also, God bless you guys and thank you for the work that you do. Oh, thank you so much. Thanks. You're, you're super kind and yeah. The, like, Rachel, I hear that a lot on like, what's the taxes gonna be eight grand, just pay the taxes and move on with your life For whatever it is. Yeah. Because If, You have $8 million. Well, let's start worrying about the tax implications. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. When you start looking at, you know, $55 a month and it may feel like, oh, that's, you know, no big deal. But over time what it adds up and then what you end up paying for terms a fraction of that anyways. That's right. That's right.


And always, again, the rule of thumb is your insurance and your investment should never be mixed. Right. Because you're not going to get the rate of return that you could if you put it, you know, even in an, in an index fund or Vanguard or the, or the market. Right. Right. Yeah. And any other place, you're gonna get a better rate of return. And a lot of these too, I'm like, they just, it's that slow leak that they just continue just to like take and take. And if it goes up, it just goes up and, you know what I mean? There's, it, it doesn't feel, it, it, it doesn't feel clean whole life. There's, there's some entanglements there that are not Right. There's Mixed priorities there. Right. Let's go out to Spokane, Washington and talk to Elizabeth. Hey Elizabeth, what's happening?


Hi guys, how are you? Awesome. We're running a scam called a YouTube show and a podcast. What are you up to? I love it. I watch you guys all the time. Very cool. What's up? Not much. I was just hoping to get your guys' advice. We are pretty good, but we're not as good as we could be. I feel like we're still struggling month to month kind. Kinda like paycheck to paycheck. And how do we get ahead? How do we start like invest, saving, like we have three kids, I homeschool, there's, we're a one income home household and the economy is kind of killing us.


Yeah. So here's, here's the hard the hard truth. You and me and your spouse and my wife and Rachel and Winston, all of us go home as a family and we make choices. And that's not how it was set up for us. We all grew up and they're like, dude, if you just go to college or just do this and you can do this and this and this and this and this. And sometimes like the dream of, we want, we want mom to stay at home. Awesome. We want to not get into the schools and we wanna homeschool kids, cool. But we can't eat. Or we we're just floating month to month to month. And it's you guys as a family having to back out of that situation and say, okay, the price of milk is bananas right now.


The price of bananas is bananas right now. Right. And so It's my two youngest are not school age. So if I went back to work, we'd have to pay for daycare. Well, Yeah, I mean, Yeah. I don't think you say, I I don't think you're saying go back to work. I'm saying you back to work saying everybody makes choices. So, so Elizabeth, I wanna know you guy financially, where are you guys at? Do you guys have consumer debt? No, we have credit cards. We don't use them. They're zero balance. We own our cars. Okay. And all our Vehicles. How much does your husband make a year? About 65. Okay. And are you guys on a written plan, like a very detailed budget every single month that you know exactly. Here's the amount we have to spend.


Okay. I think, no. Okay. So I think the budget at all I need is probably, I know I need to do that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, no, no, it's fine. I mean, I think that's gonna help a lot. And if you stay on the line after this call, Christian will pick up and we'll give you EveryDollar premium for a year. 'cause I think the budget, it's one of those places, Elizabeth, that once you do it and you actually have boundaries around certain categories in your life and you force yourself to live within them, then suddenly you're like, oh, there's our margin, there's our margin. It's not getting eaten up by that extra, you know, fast food run that we're gonna go do or out to eat or whatever. Like, it's, it is amazing when you do plan out and stick to that plan, it's gonna take about three months for you guys to get it to work. So remember that 90 days give yourself a lot of grace between now and Christmas.


But I want that to be your homework to say, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna sit down and do this, and then out of that and finding some margin and, and you'll look back on your accounts and your checking account last month and be like, oh my gosh, we're paying for two subscriptions we never use, we, you know, like when you actually start getting in the weeds of it, it is amazing what comes to the surface. And even if it's 30, 40 bucks here or there that, you know, that adds up. I mean, that, that will get you some margin. And so do you guys have, do you guys have an emergency fund? Oh, I just, hold on one second. There you go. Oh. Oh, that's fine. Okay. So Elizabeth, I would, would, hold on. Yeah, whatever. I messed up the phones. There you go. There you go. There you go. Do you guys have an emergency fund? Elizabeth, do you have any savings? We do not have a specific emergency fund.


We've got a, a decent amount in our checking account. Okay. So what I would do is, is open up a high yield savings and I would move three to six months of expenses out of your checking out to that. And then that's not touched. So that's your emergency fund If. you have to have a few months to add to that savings to get that three to six months do it. And then from there, I would start investing 15% of your income into retirement. And start that going. That can be through his 401k or Roth IRA. You guys can open up. Hey guys. Dave Ramsey here and I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you. Live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done.


You get to decide what we talk about. You do not want to miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Welcome, welcome, welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We have two amazing people staring at us on the debt-free stage. Jared And Caitlyn. And Caitlyn and I are twins. Yay. Did y'all call each other and plan this? Yeah, look at this. The exact same Jumpsuit, Marshalls, No many.


It's not lof. $30. Rachel, how Many Whoa. You just got out. Purchased, out, purchased Rachel's like mine. Mine was probably 75% off. Let's, mine, Mine was seven $50 Was not. No, it was not. Okay, we're here for you guys. Y'all, you're on the debt free scream stage because we're debt free. You're debt free. Congratulations. Where are you guys from? Dripping Springs, Texas. About 30 minutes west of Austin by Austin. I know. We dripping Springs 5 1 2. I know where that is. It's beautiful. There We go. That's awesome. Okay. How much, how much did you guys pay off? $158,244 in 34 months. Oh my gosh. In 34 months. Making what kind of money during that time? One 20 to one 70. Okay, well done you guys.


Okay, so what happened 34 months ago where you were like, okay, over two years ago you said something's gotta change. What happened? Well, we got married and we were thinking that we have no business trying to, and this is a personal conviction for me, but no business, trying to start a family taking care of our past when We Can be investing in our children's future. And so that was a goal for us and that was something that we love our parents and all the support we've had, but we wanted to, it's really big for me to, to make it one step better for my kids. Make it a little bit easier for them for sure. So we wanted to start investing before, before they hit the ground, so, okay. So you guys were, were you just married around two years ago then?


Yeah, we got married in April of, of 21. Okay, perfect. And then you're looking at this debt, what was the one 50? What kind of debt was it? Just two cars and some student loans. Okay. The student loans. Student Loans. Hey, are you Jared, are you from that area? Not originally. I'm from the Fresno, California or originally. Are you Really? Yeah. Yes sir. Because you have a, a swoon, a Texas swoon about you. Right? I'm the Texan, But I mean, I'm just imagining being in, in your seat in this tall drink of water comes in and sits down in his cowboy boots and he says, I want invest in our children's future. Yeah. Think I I would've married him too. Girl Actually met two stepping Yeah, Of course.


You, you know what course she Did. Course. Yeah, it's great. Golly man. Like I feel like I'm getting warm in here. Oh man. Okay. So now that it's, that it's paid off, when you look back, what, what, what all did you do that really helped this journey? Because that's a lot of money to pay off in, in right At two years. Yeah, A little over two years. Well, we actually started the journey the Monday after our wedding. So unfortunately Jared got laid off a few weeks. How many weeks was it Before? It was about eight weeks before we got married. Okay. Before we got married. Yikes. Yeah. But he got a new job starting Monday after, so we decided not to go on our honeymoon and put the honeymoon money aside.


Wow. Put it towards debt and keep rolling. So now we're debt free and then we're now saving up to go on our honeymoon on a Honeymoon However many years later. Good. Are you Guys, I thought you were rad, dude, but you got laid off and you just went and found another job. Yes. Well, I started, I got laid off on a Friday after that freeze that came through the state. And so I started work the next Monday. I Was just, when all the Texans found out they aren't connected to a grid. Yeah. If you could run a chainsaw, you had plenty of work to do. So my friends were sending pictures of themselves getting drinking water from snow on their grill. That's what We did. Right. I just threw it in four and went back to work and landed a job pretty soon thereafter that and just got after it.


Wow. That's amazing you guys. Golly dude. They don't make this, they don't make guys like this anymore, Caleb. No, They don't. Golly man. Okay, so for you guys, what was the, what was the hardest part? Because it's, I keep saying two years, it was more like three close to three. Yeah. What was, what were the things that were just man that you just hated so much in this process? I think for, for me personally, and I can kind of speak for her, although she's going to say what she wants to say, that's how she rolls. But Good man. Right. It's good. You should, I think it was adopting that mindset and just like, this was not in our hand, like you say Dr. John, but it was in our lap. I mean, for me specifically, I mean, I, I had a, the government promised me that I was gonna have an aviation contract and, and two and a half years into that and a year of being on medical review, that that didn't end up happening.


And that's how I went from personally zero debt to, I was outta state two semesters. And so I went from a full ride scholarship with the Navy into to 30 grand and then might as well finish out the degree. So 45 grand. So I think it was just for me though, meeting her, we got to share a lot of this. And that's what's a beautiful part of marriage is like I got to share some of my tenacity and she got to share some of her patience with me. And so together adhering that to the budget and just letting God take the wheel and keeping our foots on the gas. I mean, Lord's gonna get you where you need to go. Hey, I think I'm going to, we have a, are y'all coming to the money marriage retreat this weekend? We are. Yes, we are. We thrilled. I think you need to keynote that brother. 'cause I can't, I mean, you just said it better than I could have said it.


That's, that's a, that's incredible. Well, I listened to you yesterday in the vineyard, Dr. John, so I, I appreciate you, You have a vineyard. That's what I do. I'm a wine grape. Parer. Yeah. So You're like a movie character man. It's a Hallmark movie character. Good Gosh. I'm in the vineyard. I'm the vineyard. A vineyard. I'm the vineyard. Good. I'm a glorified farmer. It's a vineyard manager and is what it is. Oh, And your wife's getting these secret magic deals at Marshall's Yesterday and I. I yesterday, fortunately with some of my Navy training, was able to iron this bad boy in the hotel before we got here. And Okay. Look at that. Seeing So great. Well, and hey, the only part of your story that rings a little false to me is when you said that the government made a promise and they didn't come through.


Right. They never do that. Always, always keep their pres Issues. Precisely. Yeah. Precisely. Yeah. All right, Calin, what was this like for you? What was the biggest, like I, I imagine, honey, I lost my job and you saying, okay, we're going to, well I'm in this, we're gonna do this together. I got a new job. Yay. And it's Monday. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Like, walk us through that. Well, it's, it's actually a great story. We had our wedding, my wedding dress in tow. We were dropping his friend off at the San Antonio airport. And the day after our wedding, we actually went to his new job site at a new vineyard and my wedding dress was a dress in the back. And we're like, here we are. So Wow. Started, started make Sure they were getting Planted.


Right. Just a lot of hard work for me. What I struggled with the most is the comparison trap that we all fall in. Yeah. So, and through the years, I mean, it's, that was one thing that I still held onto that was really hard, but just even getting on this stage is gonna be really, it's really freeing for me. So We can't wait to see what happens next. So Great. Yeah. Be pretty big deal. So how does it feel, you guys standing here completely debt free versus almost three years ago you're getting married, starting a new job with $150,000 in debt. What's the, what's the skipping Contrast? Honeymoon. Yeah. What's the contrast of you guys three years ago versus today? Complete freedom, liberation. So good. Peace.


Peace. And that's, that's the biggest part is, is like, it's the peace. It's like, okay, something happens tomorrow, who cares? Yeah. Yeah. We're good for three, six months, you know, whatever. So good you guys. And then now the whatever future kids you may be blessed with, we'll never know that struggle. Right, right. That was the goal. Mission accomplished. I Love that. Okay. Where's the honeymoon gonna be? Yeah, where's the honeymoon gonna be? Do you know? We're gonna try to go to New Zealand and Australia at the end of the year. Yes. Go drink some Sauvignon Blanc. Oh, vineyard guy. Yeah, that's what he is talking about. Oh, so good. You guys. We are rooting for you. Absolutely incredible. Absolutely incredible. So I Just thought like movies like the Notebook aren't real. And then here's these, this couple right here.


Geez Louise, that's, y'all are amazing, incredible, incredible. And I know. Well it does, and it says something about you all that you're starting a brand new chapter from a relational standpoint and then you're starting a brand new money chapter. I mean, doing new things all at once, I guess maybe easier, I don't know. You just dive right in and go. But man, not a lot of people can ho can hold that level of change because I mean, shifting your money perspective, it's a, that's a big, that's a big shift to turn Right? Especially if you'd had been on one path for so long, like you guys had been. So, And it took me about 20 years of being married before I realized, oh yeah, my wife's different than me. And that's a good thing. Right? And you already know Yeah. Had to learn that I'm fired up and she's patient and that works. Like we work together that way.


Yeah. And, and you can appreciate those differences instead of going to war with them every morning. Right. So good for you guys. Y'all are inspirational and just amazing. So great. So we Just wanna thank y'all for the incredible wise advice and inputs that you put into our lives. 'cause we're able to, you know, now lead our life group and so we Thank you and you've started a generation of Thank you. I appreciate That you guys did it. You guys did it. So, so Jared and Caitlyn from Austin, Texas paid off. How much is I A hundred? 150,034 months making one 20 to one 70. Count it down. Count It down, let it rip. Glory to God. We Can free. Yeah, That's how it's done. America.


You can do it. Two, we'll be right back on The Ramsey Show.


I think we'd all agree that it's a lot harder to run a race if you don't know where the finish line is. But nearly half of all Americans have no idea how much money they'll need to retire with dignity. If you're ready to stop hoping for the best and start planning for your future, then check out the Smart Investor program. A smart Vestor pro can teach you everything you need to know to get in the driver's seat of your own financial future. Connect with a pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart.


Alright, welcome back to The Ramsey Show.


Alright, listen, if you listen to The Ramsey Show, or if you listen to my other show, The Dr John Delony Show, and especially on that show, man, we take a lot of calls, Rachel, about relationships, sex, intimacy, the whole thing. And so after several years of putting out questions for humans, more and more and more and more and more and more people asking, Hey, can we have the intimacy deck? Can we talk about, like, Have those kind of questions, those Kind of conversations. And so after a couple years, finally here we are. The questions for humans intimacy deck. These are questions about, yes, about sex and intimacy, but it, it, it goes way deeper than that. And man, everyone who's, who's written back in, who's got these things, you're gonna learn something unexpected. You're gonna laugh, you're gonna learn some things maybe aren't so funny, but you're gonna learn and you're gonna learn, you're gonna build emotional intimacy, have fun. And here's the most important thing, connected quality time together. and I don't know any married people. Very, very actually, very, very few who don't need some assistance asking some of those deeper, harder questions. And it's easy to point to the deck and be like, Hey, it's not me. It's the, it's the card. Like, what's the answer to the card? That's it. That's it. Tell me you are worth a marriage. That's incredible. So get Questions for Humans Intimacy edition today. And by the way, we've made third editions all brand new questions for couples, for friends, for parents and kids. That's all new questions. So you can get all this at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, or you can click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


And I'll say this, we went to Chick-fil-A and they kind of have a ripped off version of this. John, you kind of, did they have a Yeah, and it's my kid's favorite part, part. Of course it is. and I was like, oh man, I need, I need to get John's card to our family. So for the parenting ones, I'm gonna pick up a pack. I Okay, but don't, I, I Not that I got confused. I thought you not the Intimacy. No. The Question for him is intimacy is not good for your kids. No, I don't know. That's not moment is would make dinner Super weird. I'm just saying the concept of the cards Yes. And asking these questions. Winston and I love doing it together. and I'm saying our kids Yeah, yeah, yeah. They love it. They love asking us questions off these Chick-fil-A cards, which yours I'm sure are a whole lot Better.


Well, I and I remember leaving a a, I had a deck of of parents and kids I left in the car on accident. I was just getting 'em from work to, to the house. Yeah. And Josephine, my daughter pulled 'em out and still to this day, she'll grab one out, even if it's the same question. What I found is with kids a year later, the answer's different. So, so fun. And it just makes it fun. So it's so great. I love it. Crazy solutions.com/store all, let's go out to Des Moines, Des Moines, Iowa and talk to Kelly. What's up Kelly? Yes. What up? How are you guys? I mean, could not be better. We're doing great How about you. Great. I'm doing all right. thank you. Yeah, If you were doing great, you wouldn't be calling us. What's up?


So I'm calling because my husband and I, I'll, I'll give you kind of some details. Happily married for 10 years. We've been together for 18 and his mom has been having some health issues the last couple of years and a couple years ago we downsized her to a smaller home. Everything all on one level and things have been going great until last year. We got a phone call from the bank when we were on vacation that they were concerned about the amount of money exiting her account when we get back home. We found out that over the course of about nine months, she had given away over $150,000.


Oh. In scams. And there's no recourse. The money is gone, it's gone. Not fraudulent. That's, it was all on her own doing. Yikes. And so thankfully the home that we downsized her to is in our name. And thank goodness because we are pretty confident that the person scamming her would've convinced her to get a second mortgage on the property. Yeah. So we've had a lot of conversations over the last year and a half about the amount of times that she has fallen and gotten hurt. And the reason that I think she even fell victim to these scams is that she's very lonely.


She has been living on her own for over 30 years. Okay. And we just felt, you know, how can we sit back and watch her be lonely and depressed and have these health issues And we felt it on our hearts to welcome her into our home. The home that we are currently in is very small. It is our pre-marriage home and we have dramatically outgrown it. So we identified and purchased a new home that we closed on last week. The part of the financial intention of all of this was that the current home we are in, we own Free and Clear and the home that She is in, that is in our name.


We also own Free and Clear, we were getting a bridge loan able to move into the new home and sell both of those properties. Therefore, then owning the new home completely debt free. Great. Yeah. Since we have closed on the new home days Ago. Okay. She has started exhibiting some behaviors that I have never seen out of her in 18 years. She has become very angry, very demanding and I, hate to say even almost entitled about the new home. And it has just been giving me all sorts of red flags about, I don't know if I can do this anymore.


How, how old is she, Kelly? She will be 73 in a couple months. Okay. Has your husband sat down and laid out the ground rules for moving into your house? So we did sit down with her two nights ago. Okay. and I was very candid about that. I thought I was ready for this, that we have discussed this for about a year and a half, and all of a sudden I am feeling a big wave of regret. Okay. and I feel like I may have over promised something that I don't know that I can deliver on anymore. And she admitted that part of why She is recently very angry with us is because we have had to take over her finances Sure.


Because She continually was making poor choices. Right. And so she's very, very angry with us that we have not allowed her to obtain a new credit or debit card. Sure. And Are y'all, are y'all have some sort of financial power of Attorney? Attorney? Yes, my husband does. Okay. So does she have some sort of diagnosis that makes that possible or does she sign it over to you? We had the financial power of attorney in place when we purchased the home that She is in in 2021. I know, But she would've had to sign that over as an adult. Like what keeps her from going just get her own credit card. So part of what we did as putting the rails on things and she was present with all of this, we froze her credit at all three credit bureaus.


We first she had two credit cards, then when we dug into it, we found she had four. Okay. Well, no, she had eight. Okay. And they were all full of fraudulent charges. Okay. So here's, here's how all the deal's down. She's a 73-year-old woman and she's an adult, and if she's got early onset dementia, she's got some sort of mental health challenges or cognitive decline challenges and you have had to step into help. Then part of stepping into help is just knowing that no adult likes that kind of help. And there's just gonna be some pushback. Very similar to when you're parenting a young child, you're doing the right thing and it just comes with blow back.


But Does she, can I ask, does she have that Kelly or is she just, But it sounds like y'all came in and said, yeah, if you're gonna live in my house, then here's the rules. Yeah. And She is really not liking that. Well, She is, she has been without a debit or credit card for coming up on a year now. So Do y'all give her an allowance? She, we are in a small enough community that the vast majority of places that she shops at still take a personal check. Okay. So She is still able to get all of her groceries, car serviced. Okay. Protection. So I, I think Kelly is, I don't want you guys to have this level of parenting over a 73-year-old who mentally is, is stable. Yeah. She, She doesn't want your help.


She's fallen for scams, but she's, it's not because of John's point that she has some mental decline. She's a 73-year-old who doesn't make wise decisions and there's only to a point that you guys can control that. Kelly, you know, like there, there's something to be said about letting her have to experience. Right. To a degree of, of pain. I don't know if you can control your Yeah. The, the mother-in-law for so long. Well, and, and if y'all, at the end of the day it sounds like she's gonna be with you regardless. And so I think sitting down and having that direct conversation, do you wanna take your money back but you're gonna be living with us, you're gonna be living under our rules because you don't have a budget and you keep falling for these scams. Or we're gonna continue to love you and it's gonna be frustrating.


But We Can, get through this together. Thanks for the call. I know that's a mess. Hey everybody, head over to The Ramsey Network app. If you're watching this on YouTube or podcast, the show's about to end. If you were listening to it on radio, just keep plugging in. Go to Ramsey Network app. You can download it now in your app store. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing?


You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bottom bing badda, boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.