
From The. Ramsey. Network. It's The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is Dr. John. Delony. We're gonna be taking calls about your life, your money, your relationships. You guys already know this, but Dr. John is the resident relationship. Can I call you a guru? You can call me anything you want to Guru, be the nicest thing. Somebody call me today, I'll Go with Guru and I'll hit you up on the money side and we'll cross paths as needed. If you wanna get involved. This is a live show so you can call in right now. Eight eight eight Eight two five five two two five gets you on the line. Alright, we got Eric from Seattle, Washington starting us off. What's going on? Big E. Hi guys. thank you guys so much for having me.


You're Welcome. How, can We help? A Little bit. Nervous. So I'm a currently a small business owner and I'm looking for your advice on what to do legally, morally, and ethically. So I started a business two years ago with a good friend of mine, well just knew him professionally. Okay. And after one year he called me out of the blue and told me that he has cancer. Oh. and I felt really bad and we decided to, you know, kind of close up, you know, our business at that time, we had about $16,000 of outstanding balance that we owed Okay. In various debts. And at that point I just messaged him once to see, you know, if he's okay with covering his share. He didn't respond, so I didn't wanna press him because, you know, you know, he has cancer.


So I just paid the 16,000 from my own pocket and we closed the business. Okay. It's been about two years now. I've been kind of just calling him, just not even mentioning money. He is like, Hey, are you okay? How's it like, is everything okay? He hasn't answered me, doesn't reply. I was wondering what you guys would do, like, you know, legally, morally, and ethically. Should I just let it go? Should I try to pursue it? Yeah. So do you feel like he's ducking you because he thinks that you're gonna ask about this money? What do you think, you know the guy and you know, what your relationship was like before this? Or is it that he's quite sick and he's kind of off the radar?


I mean, knowing him, he is a little bit, I feel like it can be both really. My gut tells me that, you know, he's actually sick, but I feel like he can at least answer a text or a call in, you know, three years. and I mean You guys were friends, right? And I'm not even mentioning about the money You were friends. Well, we weren't like friends, we just knew each other like professionally from like previous work. We, we worked at the same place. And yeah, I mean, what was it like when you guys closed the business? What, what did that look like? Because I can't imagine running a business with somebody that I'm not in direct contact with on a daily basis. I mean, you're, you're doing everything together. So what happened, right? So something happened that caused you guys to kind of, we don't talk much anymore.


Something had to have happened. Am I Ron, am I wrong? Yeah, well, so we were just planning for our next stages of expansion. He was in charge of, you know, like tracking down new clients and trying to expand us. And he just called me like one day and says, Hey, like, well he hasn't been picking up my phone lately. And you know, he finally got back to me after a week and he told me that, Hey, I'm currently dealing with some health issues. and I was like, what happens? I I currently have cancer and I know he's a single dad. Okay. So, you know, I just wished him all the best. And then on the same call we're like, okay, well like, you know, let's close up the business then. 'cause I want you to focus on this and I can't carry this on without you. Okay. So the next step was we called our accountant and you know, we term we submitted the, you know, the notice of termination.


We got his signature and you know, then, you know, our accountant sent us the bill as well. And you know, after that, you know, you know, didn't really hear back from him. Here's, here's my thoughts, dude. Like on any front, like let's say he's a total scumbag and he's just playing you right to run a two or three year. I've got cancer, I'm a single dad, ruse dude. I want nothing to do with that human being. Let's say he does have cancer, maybe he's in remission, he's working really hard, has scared him to death. He's just trying to keep one foot in front of the other.


Or I I I just go back to the emotional and spiritual calories you have burnt over the last two years for $8,000, Which is a lot of money. Yeah. I don't, I don't wanna minimize it, but bro, I, I mean, if I'm in your seat, I'm, I'm brushing my shoulders off and I'm going on about my life. Interesting. John. Interesting. Because e either you're gonna sue a guy that told you he's got cancer, Right? Well, yeah, I don't think you have to go to that. I mean, can I just ask, have you, I know that you're saying, hey, I'm, I'm contacting him and I'm contacting him under the guise of like seeing how he is. But have you just actually said, hey, I don't know if you realize this, but when we closed the business, there was 16,000.


I just paid it. But are, you know, truthfully, we went into this together. 'cause there's business is business. This is not your brother, this is not your uncle. Like, it's not your dad. Like business is business. And so there's part of it that I would be like, Hey, I would love for you to pay your half because I came outta pocket on this and $16,000 is a lot of money. And then maybe he does say, bro, I'd love to pay you, but here's what's going on. Like, I don't feel like there's anything wrong with opening up that conversation. There's Yeah, there's nothing wrong with it. I, okay, but what, let me, lemme put it this way. What you're doing is not working. Yes. So either you're a, you're a true friend and your buddy's dying of cancer. Your buddy, your your former business partner and buddy and, and you go knock on the door and you say, Hey man, I miss you.


You're not returning my calls. Are you all right? Or you let this thing go, but you just like bought lobbying a text every once in a while or lo lobbying a voicemail every once in a while. It's just not, it, it's, it's making you crazy. And if there is a hurting person on the other end of this phone, on the other end of that line, it's not working. It's not getting through to em. Okay. So you recommend just, just visiting him in person or just forgetting about it? I Mean, I, I think, I mean, Jade and I, I mean, I, I think she's exactly right. Business is business. And so if you want to go track down your $8,000, the way you're trying to track it down isn't working. So either knock on his door or send a letter from a lawyer that's really your two options, or you've tried for two years or two and a half years.


You either he's a scam artist or he's just struggling, man. And either way he doesn't, he's communicating to you through his behavior. He don't wanna talk to you, so let it ride. Yeah. For me, you've said nothing about this guy that denotes, man, I had a great relationship with him and I really want to keep that together. Like, there's been nothing of like we used to be best friends or good buddies. At least you haven't said that in this conversation. So in many ways it's like, if you kind of press this, there's no, it doesn't feel like there's much lost if you press this and he kind of gets, you know, he starts feeling some type of way about it, right? It's not like it were your dad or if this were your best buddy, am I right or is there more that you didn't tell us?


No. Yeah. You're, you're you're completely right. You're completely right. Yeah, I'd press it. You're the truth is, if somebody says, I don't, I'm not going to give you this money. Yeah, you're not gonna get it without some sort of illegal situation going on there and you get to decide that. But I'm with John, man, I, I'd press him, I'd find out where he works or I'd find out where he lives and I'd pay him a visit. I'd be like, Hey man, what's going on? You just dropped off the face of the earth and, and check in with them first. But then it's like, hey, let's talk about this $8,000 because that's not a little bit of money. Most people feel that greatly. So thanks for the call. Are You struggling right now financially? No. No. I mean, $8,000 is a lot of money, but you know, it's not like it's gonna kill me or you know, I'm gonna be homeless or anything. I have what is, I have like about some savings.


Okay. Okay. Do you, do you wanna be friends with this dude? Are you generally worried about him or are you reaching out just to get your money back At this point? I think it's more about the latter than the former. 'cause it's, it's just giving me a little more, like, my suspicion is just growing more and more just because it's been, you know, about two years and I just even haven't heard from him back. Like, Hey, Is he alive? Hey. Okay. Or, you know, That's what I'm wondering. Is he with us? I I have no idea. Yeah. So you're, you're creating stories that are keeping you up at night, not him. So I would say act either, either make it a point in your spirit just to let this thing go, go get in your car and go visit him.


Or go contact a lawyer and have a lawyer write a letter. But that, those are the three direct things. You can drop it, you can befriend it or you can make it legal action. But you just sit around spinning up stories about what he may or may not be doing that's making you crazy on the inside is not worth it. This is The Ramsey


Show. Okay, here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy plan. Request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foresi Fund services. LLC.


It's The, Ramsey Show. I'm Jade. Next to me is Dr. John Delony. Happy Halloween if you celebrate that sort of thing. Are you a spooky Halloween, like creepy Halloween? Or are you I like scary movies and I like haunted houses and I love eating my body weight and candy and having everyone not like, look at me like I'm got something wrong with me. So, but you're Like, I wanna have a normal night without everybody looking at me like I'm crazy. Yeah, I mean you can just mainline candy and everyone's like, yeah, it's Halloween. So I feel like I get a pass. But also I like going to bed like at nine o'clock, so this is a tough night for me. Yeah, I hear that. Are you like a chocolate or like a candy, like hard candy person? I'm not super discerning. Okay. I'm not super discerning.


I I always get frustrated with the Jolly Rancher folks, but other than the Jolly Rancher people and I got, I got a stiff dad tax. I'm trying to teach my kids about the future of the world. They're gonna be inheriting with high, high taxes. And so when they get home with the candy, I go through it and dad tax it pretty Hard. Got you, got you, got you. Pretty hard. Listen, I always say payday is very underrated. I get sad every Halloween there's less and less paydays that are given out as candy. I know. And that's one of my favorites. Kids like mine ruined it. Yeah. There's less and less butter fingers going out that bothers me deeply, you Know, with all of my heart. Yes. Kelly knows what I'm talking about. All right. Well 'cause I talked a lot of, I used to make fun of everybody when I was a kid and that's how what the universe gave me a peanut allergy kid.


They're like, oh, that's what you get alone. So it's kids like mine that are ruining it for Everybody. I got you. I I didn't, I didn't make that connection. Now I know there Should be. Oh my gosh. If there was an adult only peanut like candy party, Let's move on. I realized I just wandered into some, some, some fragile territory there. That's not what I meant. I was just saying there was a bunch of people that got together and they were like, Hey, let's all bring paydays and, and Butter Fingers would've been awesome. It Would be awesome. John. I Just got to Mobile Alabama. Talk to Michael. Michael, what's up Michael Up. Hey, how's it going? That was a little bit weird with the adult party, but it Was, or all weird. That, that makes perfect sense. I'm glad you called it out. Michael, we're sorry.


What's up? What's up? Messing around. how are you? Y'all doing? Good. Good, good. What's up dude? Yeah, so I was actually calling, I, I live paycheck to paycheck man. I make like right under 40 grand a year. My wife doesn't work. She stays at home with the kids. I've cut costs, I mean, as much as possible and we're still just not really saving any money. Like I, I just feel like I'm beating my head against the wall and I'm trying to get us into a house and things like that. But my main question is, what is the best way for somebody like me? I have no retirement. I have no savings, I have nothing for the future.


I'm 32. You gotta, Hey, you don't, Michael, you gotta make more money, brother. Like, you're not making And I You're not making 40 grand. What do you do for a living? I'm a, I'm a cemetery maintenance manager. Okay. And you know, I work 40 hours a week or whatever, but I, I started my own business this year. Landscaping and stuff. What's that bringing in? You Know, it's, it's gone, it's gone pretty well. I brought in right at like 18,000 this first year. Okay. But I've also spent every single dollar getting new, better equipment, just, you know, stuff like that. and I. So you invested it all back in, you didn't Yeah. And next year I'm actually in a good spot to I think actually make a profit, but I haven't paid myself out of that business and I'm, I feel like I'm just killing myself trying to juggle everything and then not getting anywhere.


Yeah. On top. Well let me, let me bust in here. Tell me, tell me a little bit more about your financial snapshot because we know that you're making the 40,000 that it's, I'm not gonna lie to you, it's gonna be tough to, to, to make your way with that. And then you started the side hustle, but you're reinvesting all the profit, which in this case, if it's a side hustle, pay yourself and grow the business later. Right now you need cash. So let's find out about the debt. Do you have any debt going on? Is that robbing you? Well, so the past year and a half that I've been here, I've focused on paying all my credit cards down. I have like practically no credit card debt. How much? I have like $150 you, you know, and the main things I have are mine and my wife's vehicles.


Okay. Tell me what they're worth and what you all wanted. What they're worth is And what you owe On it. I mean, probably collectively 20,000 together and I owe probably collectively 30. Okay. On both of them. Tell me individually, tell me what you owe on it and tell me what like 21% interest rate. And I'm actually refin, I'm in the process of refinancing it right now, but it's really all I could get at the time. And so I took it, the truck, I bought it for 15,000. Okay. At 40, 41%. I'm not exactly.


Yes, yes. Okay. And what what's it worth? You bought it for 15,000, what's it worth now if you were to Kelly Blue Bucket private sale? It'd probably be about, about nine or 10,000. Yikes. Okay. And what's your payment on it? Yeah, My payment is $445 a month. Shees. Okay. Now tell me a little bit about your wife's car. 'cause I'm gonna try to find you a way outta some of these payments. 'cause these are, what are, you can't breathe, you know? So tell me about your wife's car. Yeah, She has a Tahoe. It's a 20, it's a 2013.


Okay. We got it for 25,000. Oh My, a couple years Ago. Golly dude. Hey. Yeah. What's going on here is your car, your cars are almost what you make in a year. Trust me. I know. Yeah, That's A problem. I mean, takes literally I can biweekly and it takes one of my checks to pay both of the vehicles and most of insurance. Okay. So now that you've, now that you feel that then I don't need buy-in going forward. We know we've gotta get rid of one or both of these vehicles some way or somehow. So hers is worth 25 or you paid 25 for hers. What's hers worth if you were to sell it? Not not trade in.


Probably, Probably 12,000. Oh, What's going, why are The reason, I'm sorry. Go Ahead. Why are you going into these subprime loans? Why are you paying 41% interest in do doing all this? What's the, what does it get you On the, on the Tahoe we got like an 8% interest rate. I got a pretty good interest rate on there. The thing, it's just, it was so, it was just older, but I real like an 80-year-old woman had it, it had like 60,000 miles on it. It's still going great today. Yeah, but here's, here's where I wanna get you to. Here's where I wanna get you to. I wanna get you to the point where you look at these vehicles and you go, this was the worst decision.


This is getting me nothing. As long as you look at it and go, oh well it was kind of good or I needed this or da da, there's not gonna be much I can do to help you. you have to look at this and go, that was the dumbest thing I ever did. I'm never doing it again. That's how we know there's a turning point that's gonna happen. and I hope you get to that point because truly something's behind this. For you to make $40,000 a year and have almost $40,000 in vehicles, I mean, you, you, you, you're shooting yourself in the foot at that point. So to John's Point, I can, can I say Michael? I I think, I think I know what it is. You don't make any money, but y'all are living a life that you want to be living. And what I mean by that is, bro, you can't afford for your wife to stay home right now.


Y'all don't make that kind of money. and I know you want that and I want it for you, but you can't afford it. and I, I have three kids as well. No, I, and that's the main reason Home. That's even more reason. I totally get it, dude. But, but, but you got, you got, you got cars that are nice and they're, they may be old or whatever, but that you can't afford. It's like this, I want to have a Tahoe, I want to have this nice truck. I want to, we're gonna be a stay at home single income family. All of that works good on paper and that looks good on Instagram. It doesn't look good in reality. How old are your kids, man? 13, 10, 2. And my wife's pregnant right now with another one.


Okay, so you have two that are in school and you have a 2-year-old, right? Yes. Is she homeschooling also? No, no. The the ki the girls are in school and she, she stays at home with my youngest. And like I said, She is, she's seven months pregnant now. And so she hasn't been working for, I guess it's been the past two years. She took off for my youngest. Let lemme ask you. This happens, We we're gonna, we're gonna run outta time here. I just, I just need to say this out loud, bro. You gotta look yourself in the mirror and I want you to, like, there's nobility in the job that you do. There's nobility in starting a side hustle. You've gotta go make more money. You've got a family of five and another one on the way.


You gotta get rid of these cars, right? Yeah. You've gotta figure out these car loans and stop doing what quote unquote looks fine. You gotta go scorched earth with cars, no debt. Hang on the line. We're gonna give you FPU as our gift. Yeah. I want you to watch those videos And Ken Coleman's career assessment because your court income is an issue. No side hustle's gonna help you get out of this. You need to change career paths and Ken Coleman can help you with that.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or recession business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth for the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


You're listening to The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is The Dr Dr John Delony.


I'm really excited because the time is running out yet again to book your cruise. John, I've told you many times if if you don't Book it, it is my first cruise. You gotta you gotta book it now. They're more than 90% full. And so if you were thinking about going on this cruise, now's the last chance and there's no guarantee that I'll, you'll have another chance. So you better book it. And There's the, yeah, it's gonna go as a Christmas gift. And don't forget the Ken Coleman pickleball challenge and the George Kamel cannonball in the pool challenge. He's taken on all comers if you wanna go see that. Interesting. Okay, Speedo required. Speedo req. What's George's personal request? That's right, that's right. Well, I do need to say, we're talking about all of these fun amenities, but it's not your average cruise. This is actually a very premium cruise. Holland America is top draw, if you will, John. It's a, it's a nice, it's a nice cruise and we're going to really nice destinations. I've cruised a zillion times I've been to all these places. They're actually really, really great. Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, Bahamas and more Holland Americans new Sta and Dom ship is beautiful. The way the theater is John, it's like around and all the way around 360 basically are LEDs. And so it's a very immersive experience. So it'll be really, really fun, really great food, really great entertainment. There's specialty res restaurants on board. There are excursions that you can do. So this is the Food's all included, right? Everything's included. Room is included, everything's Included. A man you can go, you can have a hot dog at 3:00 AM and no one's gonna stop you. And will they bring you, will they bring you like indigestion and anti-diarrhea That you might have to provide on your own. But all the RAMSEY personalities are gonna be there. and I keep saying by the end of this is a seven day cruise. By the end of this, we're gonna be BFFs forever. Best Friends, well, we're gonna be nfs, we're gonna be no forever friends. I think we'll be BFFs. I think we will too. As long as nobody wears a Speedo, but there's gonna be lots of celebrity guests, it's just gonna be great. So book your cruise, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise is how you do it. Or you can click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. All right, I'll see you there.


Let's go to the phone lines, shall we? Wichita, Kansas. We've got Drew. What's going on Drew? Hey, I appreciate you guys taking my call. It's a little embarrassing of a phone call, but here we are. My wife and I bought a car two years ago and we are absolutely upside down in this thing. Kelley Blue Book. I can trade it for 3000. I could probably do a private sell of 5,500 to 6,000. Okay. And we owe just about $14,000 on the car. Whoa. We are trying to figure out, do we just let this thing get repossessed and deal with the money that we're gonna have to pay later on to free up that five, $600 today?


No. Or do we keep it? No, I would not do a voluntary repossession that is gonna drop an atom bomb on your credit, which is unnecessary. And you're still gonna be on the hook for it. It, it's, it's, it's not, I would not make that option. What's the, what's the payment on this for you? What's it costing you? We $450 a month. Okay. That's a lot. Tell us about your income. So I, my wife and I stepped down for ministry, just obeying Holy Spirit and rest and I am currently driving a semi-truck. So I'm gone a lot. And what Do You make?


We, it's, we're, right now I'm sitting at about 40 to 50,000 a year. Okay. 40 to 50,000 a year. What are you taking home? What's it look like monthly after taxes, after all your expenses are taken out? What's it look like that you're bringing home in your check every month? It, it just depends on miles, obviously. We're looking probably two to sometimes 4,000 a month. Okay. Two to 4,000. And is your wife doing anything during this time? No. She is a stay-at-home mom. She's actually, we're having a baby tomorrow. Wow. Okay. And is this gonna be your first child or how many do you have? This Will be number three.


Wow. Okay. You know what, this, this, in many ways this call is very similar to one we took earlier this hour regarding the car. You're probably gonna have to bite the bullet and pay this thing off. Is it your only debt? We have a credit card of like a thousand dollars and then we have student loans, which are probably about 20. And that's all the debt that we have. Okay. Because here's the thing, if I said, Hey, go to the credit union and get a loan for the difference, but then also keep some money out to buy yourself a cash card, you'd be right back at 14,000. Right? Right. And so there's no, there's really no way getting out of the, the only difference is you might have a, a slightly lower payment every month, but not by much.


Okay. So for that reason I would say you're gonna have to bite the bullet. And how quickly can you pay off $14,000? That really needs to be the goal. This could be a lot worse. You know, John, we're not talking about a $45,000 situation. This is a $14,000 car plus a $1,000 credit card If you both decided it's, and I, I'm not saying this to be ugly, but it's, it's it's adult go time and we've gotta work and we gotta bring in an income, then you can clean this mess up very, very quickly. But the problem is making two to $3,000 a month, it ain't happening. Yeah. Yeah.


I hesitate to get into this, but when you say the Holy Spirit told you to stop working at the church, what does that, what does that mean? Did something happen? Did y'all get in trouble or did you just say, my time here is done. It was a little bit of church hurt with it, I'll be honest there. Okay. But we, we definitely needed rest. My wife has had some health issues through this pregnancy. Okay. We just needed to, to focus on us and our kids that way later on in life, they did not, you know, hate the church and hate being Totally, Totally get That. A follower of Christ. If, if, if, if I can be honest, just listening to your voice.


You sound terrified A little bit. Yeah. Okay. You've got a, you've got a pretty brittle tenor. You got a baby coming tomorrow, you're, you have a job that is putting you on the road all the time. You're not home, your wife's not doing well, you still got it. Is there's, my dad was a minister for a while too. There's, there's a hurt like no other when your church family turns on you. Right. I think you're worth more than $40,000 in your current area. Okay. and I applaud you for going to do the next thing you could do to get a paycheck to take care of your family. That's noble and that's good. But if I were you, I'd go down and see if, what would, what I could make being an assistant manager at Walmart or stocking or something like that.


'cause you need to be around your family when you have this other kid. And if your wife has, has had health issues, I know that's weighing on you and I want you to make more than 40,000 bucks. Yeah. Okay. It's a scary moment right now. Is is that, does that sound tenable? Absolutely. Every trucker I know is struggling right now. It's just, it's, it's just, it's a reality. It made a Jill dollars three years ago and people are, are GNA off their arms and legs to try to make it work right now. And so I'd rather see you walk away from that and go work at McDonald's and make 11 bucks an hour and go from there and then go down the street and throw boxes at Walmart until 11 o'clock at night and do the night feeding so your wife can go to bed. I'd, I'd rather y'all figure that out the next six months. And even if you're only making 40 or 50 grand doing that until you cobble something else together.


But man, oh man. Oh man. I can hear it in you, dude. I mean, the truth is, when you really put math to this, if you just say to yourself, okay, let's take it a thousand dollars at a time. I need to make a thousand dollars more. If I can make a thousand dollars more a month, for the most part I can have this car paid off. Right? Yeah. I mean that's what we're whittling it down to. And if you do that, you're out of this car and you know, you do a little bit more than that, you're outta the car and you're outta the credit card. Right? And then the next year you start tackling the student loan. And so just by breaking this down into bite-sized pieces, because again, again, similar to the call we took earlier, this is a core income issue. I don't know if your plans are to go back into ministry or not, but whatever your plan is, career-wise, it has to shift from where it is Right, right now.


and I'm not gonna sit here and act like that's a light switch. I think that's more of a journey that you're gonna be going on. But in the meantime, do what John said and take the jobs that you can get. 'cause a lot of them are paying a lot more than what you're making right now. And You miss your family, don't you? Absolutely. Yeah. Don't, don't if, if you were making $140,000 a year and this was a season, I'd give you a hug and say, man, this is a season you're making 40,000 bucks. That's not worth missing. Everybody in your family, in your life and watching your little baby be born without you Right. To do that. Not when, not when there's $40,000 worth of jobs down the street, if not more. And you can get on an assistant manager and associate manager track and then go make yourself some good money down the road here. I'm proud of you man.


Let's reverse engineer this thing and congratulations on having a new baby. And Jayden, I'll be cheering you guys on that. You guys have a healthy, a healthy birth and everything's good to go this time of tomorrow. Blessing's man. This is The Ramsey Show


These days. It's not if your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt, then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more. Call 803 5 6 42 82.


You're listening to The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is Dr John Delony. Today's Ramsey show question of the day is sponsored by Why Refi. Hey, it's hard to make progress when you're trapped under an avalanche of defaulted private student loan debt. But Why Refi helps you dig out and get momentum with custom refinancing based on your ability to pay and a lump sum payoff option that you could qualify for after 24 months. That's a good thing. So go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey. Remember this may not be available in all states.


Alright, Today's question comes from Isaac in Arizona. At my current job, I was given the option to take a voluntary severance package, which I accepted. I'll be leaving at the end of the year with roughly $150,000 before taxes. My wife and I have a $175,000 mortgage, five grand in credit card debt and we owe 40 grand on two cars. I'm already job hunting but I don't have anything lined up yet. And given the current blood bath in the tech industry, pause. Hey, you know what we should do? Let's make a bunch of things that make our jobs obsolete. Yeah, that sounds great. Yeah. I'm praying for the best, but planning for the worst. Assuming I'm still jobless in a couple of months, would it be better to leave the money alone until I find a job and pay myself every two weeks for living expenses or go ahead and work the baby steps regardless of my job situation.


Alright, so off the top of my head, you tell me if I'm wrong here. Okay. I don't feel like Isaac's taking this seriously enough. And what I mean by that is you have no job and you're looking on the horizon and the prospects for the war, I'm assuming he works in tech, the prospects are going away. Okay. And so this is a sell cars, this is a scorched earth. We are gonna live like as though we just lost our job. 'cause we did. And yes, I guess I don't think you pay yourself a salary for living expenses, but you cover your living expenses with the sever. I mean that's what a severance is for, right? To pay for the fact that you don't have a job. Yeah. I think that you're half right. Okay.


And mostly right, this is a storm mode situation. So my goal would be to not touch this 150, he listed out, and there might be some information list missing here. He told us how much debt he has, but he didn't allude to the fact that he had any other savings laying around. Which makes me think, okay, now's not the time to take this money and pay off a bunch of debt. Now's not the time to be walking the baby steps. Now's the time to pause and go, okay, this money's sitting there in case I need it, but let's make sure we don't need it. So, And get up at six o'clock in the morning, go to the grocery store, start working. Yes. Start bagging groceries, dude, do you know how many money otherwise You're gonna look at this And it could be a false sense of security. That's exactly. And it could cause you to kind of like sit back on your haunches a little bit.


Wait for the perfect job to roll up as opposed to know I'm gonna act like this money doesn't exist, I'm gonna go get it. And you know, it might take a while, but I, I've said this to Ken and this is just my thought. When you're unemployed, take any job until you can get any job In, in all jobs. Multiple. And when they say like, I'm searching, how long does that actually take? Yeah, like an hour or two hours. Of course you're can take time off if you get an interview. Right, right, right. But you're shooting emails. You're, you might be having coffee every once in a while. Somebody you're making phone calls and texts go work and then work on top of that and then work on top of that. Yeah. You're unemployed. you have no job. Yeah. 'cause the last thing you want is to feel like the longer you go without a job, the less your self-esteem is there.


Right. That's exactly right. And it just, you, you go, you bring that into the interview. Yes. And you, it sounds so lame, but this is how it works you guys, I'm sitting here because I gave a talk at a university and one of the executive, the executives here was dropping her daughter off at show up in other places. That's right. And it might be that you're bagging groceries and somebody that you used to work with who also took this biopsy Yeah. Who found a new job is like, bro, what are you doing? Like dude, I'm, I'm taking care of my family. And they'd be like, I got you. So go be seen. That's go bag groceries, go drive, go get out and take an, any kind of job you can get kind of job. I might, if I have 150 before taxes and you'd probably take home a hundred, 110,000 or whatever that would be, I might pay off this 5,000 credit card.


I mean like maybe clear that if that's all the debt you have and I'd probably try to sell one of these cars. 'cause 40,000 bucks total in cars is gonna be what, a thousand bucks a month? Probably. Oh yeah. He could get, he could definitely get out of those cars. Definitely. And I'm not mad if you paid off the 5,000 but you definitely don't have to yet. But what, listen, I'm with John Go work and then go work on top of that. Go work some More and go makes, do things that cause you to form relationships with people because that's where the opportunities are in the relationships. Yes. Alright, we got Brandon. He's in Grand Rapids, Michigan. What's going on Brandon? Hey, thanks for taking the call. I appreciate it. You're welcome. How can We help? I, I have $140,000 in student loan debt.


Okay. And a house payment. A house mortgage of $75,000. My wife and I just started on the RAMSEY program. We're trying our best. I think there's a lot of fear that the mountain's just really big Second welcome Welcome to The cult. Brandon, you're in good hands man. You're in good hands. I started having panic attacks, different things. I picked up a second job. So working full-time plus a second job. Just trying to figure out how to get them out and taken care of. Okay. As Quick as I can. Are they private? That's The only debt we have. They private, They all federal. They're fed. Okay.


I'm still paying on 'em 'cause they're in the forbearance right now, so I'm still making payments on 'em. I've knocked about, actually about $10,000 off already. That's great. Awesome. On my student loans. Good For you. What's the monthly payment combined? My monthly payment on the IDR is 180 2, but I'm putting about like three to $400 on it. I think you're doing everything right as far as these student loans are concerned. You, you've, you've utilized a payment plan to make sure the minimum payment is as low as possible and that allows you to free up all of that extra money to throw out the smallest student loan. So are they lump, is it all one lump thing or are they individual loans?


So I have one that's consolidated for like 101,000 and some change and then individual ones that make up the rest of that total. Okay. And you're throwing all the extra money at just the smallest one, right? You're you're calling it in or you're going on there to make that principal payment? Yeah, I can on the services website I can dictate. Excellent. Okay. So no payments Where the money goes. You're doing that exactly right. I wish there was a, a easy button that I could hit for you. The only thing that's gonna make this, I know and I wish it was the only thing that makes this go faster is you making a bigger shovel. But even that, I mean there's gonna be a time aspect to this, but tell us about the panic attacks.


Yeah, I think Dr. John, I've read your book and I think the panic attacks are my body doing what it's supposed to as uncomfortable as it is. Yeah, I was gonna say, I wonder if your body's telling you the truth, right? Yeah. They started years ago when I tried to just shove the debt thing aside and forget about it. I mean, I never did not, I was always making payments. Sure. I never shoved it aside to that point, but it was always something was like, oh, I'll just pay it for the 20 or 25 years and be done with it. And then it just kept building and my body was like, we're just always waiting for that other shoe to drop. Yeah. And it, it didn't, my body was like, Nope, we're not gonna wait for that other shoe to drop.


We're gonna, you Know. Good for you man. What, what do you do for a living, dude? So I work, believe it or not, with panic attacks, I work in community mental health. Okay. So I'm a community based mental health worker. What, What's your, what's your schedule look like? I work about 7:00 AM to 4:30 PM Okay. I'm a salaried employee. There might be times where I might have to work a little bit on weekends, but I try and protect that time as best I can. So can I tell you, I did pick, can I tell you something and you're not gonna wanna hear it, but this is me just trying to help. Okay. Yeah. I did a lot of my internships at a community mental health program and there's some of the most amazing people in the world and I've got a big heart for those programs.


They also, they, they, they hire people who are service oriented who are in this for something other than the money. and I love that, but you can't afford to be doing this right now. When on the other, on the other shoe, you could go do private practice and take 120 bucks of cash and get your loans paid off. Okay. And so it might be a season where you go see what that would look like and I'd probably tip dip my toes into it and say On Saturdays I'm gonna do private clients on my own. Do they, would they allow you to do that or have you signed your life away? I have not signed my life away. I would be allowed to do that. Okay. I would recommend you start going to see clients on Saturdays all day. Saturdays at a hundred bucks an hour, do cash or 120 bucks an hour and do cash and begin to build a client list.


And if in two months and three months, if you're like a lot of good therapists in town, you'll fill up real, real, real fast and you can get up to a hundred grand or 150 grand in cash just cooking. And then go back to community mental health when your, when your family is in a more secure place, you just can't afford to be making 60 grand with that kind of debt right Now. That's awesome, man. There's like little to no overhead on that. Yeah. Amazing. All right. That does it for this hour of the show. Thanks John for hosting with me. thank you to the folks in the booth. We'll see you next hour. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated.


The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today From The Ramsey Network.


It's The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is Dr John Delony. We're gonna help you build wealth. We're gonna teach you how to do the work that you love and create amazing relationships. That's what we do here. So if you wanna get involved in the conversation, we'd love it if you did. It's a live call. Triple 8 8 8 8. Eight two five five two two five is the number. That's a lot of numbers. I did a lot of eights. Do that again. Eight. Eight eight. Eight two five. five. two two five. It's, it's, it's Halloween. We got lots of lots of Kit Kats. Yeah, It was, it was spooky the way I said that. Alright, if you wanna get involved, call the number And who's back there? Christian, I can't see it. We'll pick you up and get you on the line. We got Vince Smooth jazz, Christian Smooth.


I like Smooth jazz. He answers the phone. Oh Yeah. Is that, is that what you get? He's got the best phone answering voice on the planet. Interesting. I've never heard that voice. Christian, whenever I see you in the hall, it's like, Hey Jade, what's up Now when he answers the phone he is like, he's like laid back. Okay, good to know. I got Vince, he's in Indianapolis, Indiana. What's going on Vince? Hi guys, thanks for taking my call. You Bet. So I'm currently working through the baby steps right now, but my question isn't about me, it's for my parents. How do I get them to be gazelle intense and, you know, start budgeting, working through the baby steps. You know, what can I do to get them on board?


Listen, when you find out, tell me, because Bro, write that book. You'll make a billion dollars and hey, your second book will be How to Tell, teach My Parents About Sex. Oh man. The two things that no parent wants to hear from their kid about is get lectured on is money and sex. So tell me what, what is happening that has landed you here? Yeah, so I mean, I just sat down, sat down with them earlier this week just to kind of get a financial picture for them. And you know what their retirement's gonna look like. They're both 53 right now. Okay. So they got another 10 years or so before they retire if They can afford it About, right, exactly.


They've got about a hundred grand in debt, a hundred grand on a mortgage. And to my knowledge, I'd say they probably have around 800 in retirement. Okay. And what do they make? My dad told me that they're around the $200,000 mark, which is, is, you know, a lot of money. Yeah, They're doing great. They're doing good. I mean the, the truth is this lump sum, a lump sum is gonna double every seven years. So this 800 right at some point's gonna be 1.6 and on down the line it'll double again. They have a house. Yes, they do. They have about three 50 in it and they said they can sell it for four 50.


Okay. So your parents, for all intents and purposes, your, your dad and mom are a millionaires, right? Almost. I think. Yeah. Okay. I think if you tacked on the debt, it'd be just shy of it. Okay. But obviously, you know, that's gotta last 'em 20 years in retirement or Whatever else. Did you call, did you call the financial picture meeting or did your mom or dad call it? You know, I kind of called it just to, to make sure that you know, they're gonna be okay. Okay. Good for you for having the courage to do that and good on them for sitting down and walking you through where they, where they are. Most parents wouldn't do that. So that's, that's a pretty cool situation you found yourself in. Good for you. Here. Here's the truth.


In 2021 years, they're gonna have $6.4 million doing nothing different. All right. And they're in their fifties, so that puts 'em in their seventies. They're, they're what I would call normal in that way of, hey, we're, they're clearly putting aside in their retirement, but they're also carrying debt. Right. That's kind of the normal American way to their point, to their, and to their credit at least they've continued to save in retirement. And so I I'm with you. Yeah. I I want them to pay off the a hundred thousand dollars of debt. I want them to be mortgage free before they retire. I don't know if you, I don't know that you will be able to convince them to do that.


I like that you're thinking about that. But either way, what I thought you were gonna call and say is, if my parents don't get their life together, I'm gonna be on the hook for taking care of them. But I don't think you're gonna be, because I think they're gonna have plenty of money to be able to float what they're doing. It's not gonna, it could be more peaceful to your point, but I think they're gonna be okay because they'll be able to, to live off the interest that this floats off. John, what can he do? I mean, here's, Here's what I'm gonna do for you Vince. We're gonna give you a copy. We're gonna give you a, I think it's a digital link here to Financial Peace University. Okay. Okay. And it's all nine lessons. I'm gonna hook you up with it and I want you to share that with your parents.


And all you, all you have to do is say, Hey dad, mom, it really means a lot to me that y'all, y'all sat down and walked me through the finances here. Most moms and dads won't do that or they can't do that 'cause they don't even have their house in order to even know, thank y'all for doing that. This is something that's meant a lot to me. It would mean a lot to me if y'all listen to this, if y'all watch these videos, that's it. Okay. And if your dad wants to ask you questions, cool. I he's probably not, he's, like I say, he, he's got a million dollars. Right? All all total. He's probably feeling pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. And so he's probably got a plan and that plan's different than yours. We're gonna love him anyway. And what we're gonna do is we're gonna live consistently and we are going to like reverberate peace.


We're going to eat anxiety at the dinner table at Thanksgiving, at Christmas, and eventually your family members will ask, Hey, can we go for a walk? Tell me about what you're doing. Okay? Okay. But we'll give it to you and you, you can give it a shot. But I think it's done fully, respectfully, and with gratitude for the, the, the transparency which w with which they met with you earlier. But don't get your feeling hurt if they say no. and I want you just to keep living what the, the, the, the, the values and principles that you believe in. It's good for you. Yeah. thank you for the call. That's tough. I mean, what, what I thought he was gonna say was what he ended up saying was a lot better. 'cause so many times we get the call where it's like, listen, my parents have misbehaved with money.


I'm in my forties, I've got my own kids, I've got my own kids who are going to college and they're hitting the age where it's, it, it, it's like it will all hit the fan at the same time. Right? Right. When my kids are going to college is right about the time that my parents are gonna be going to social security age, social security's not gonna be enough. They're gonna be hitting me up for funds. Right. And when you see that oncoming train, you want to have that talk with your parents to say, Hey, let's talk, because I don't wanna be on the hook for this. I can't afford to be on the hook for this. But then to your point, John, you have to deal with the fact that they're not having it. A lot of times they're thinking, this is my life. I don't have to tell you what I'm doing with my money. That's who are you to tell me what that is a very difficult situation be.


And, and parents, if you're listening, please don't do that because it's, in many ways, it's not that they're trying to control you. It's not that they're trying to tell you what to do. They're trying to get themself in order. That's Right. That's right. And, and I think, I think any and 30, 30 or 4-year-old person who's got any sort of thinking about tomorrow in their, in their mind and spirit is thinking about, am I gonna have to take care of my parents? Yeah. I wonder what that's like. Are they gonna have to move in? Yeah. Oh, like you mentioned, oh man, we're gonna hit college. Right. When they're hitting their late seventies. And, and I'm hearing more and more Jade, that this, the boomer generation owns a, a big chunk of the real estate. Mm. With a ton of equity in these homes. That's right. But they're saying, I'm not moving. That's my house. And why would they, the interest, I mean, all But, but, but it's like, oh, your nest egg's in this house.


Yes. And you're like, yeah, I ain't moving though. Like, what? You gonna help out with groceries? You gonna help? And it's like, no, no, no. That's why we have this. Then you're gonna sell it. It's like, I ain't moving. Well, and then the painful part of that is it's, and forgive me if this sounds any sort of way, but it's like if all the equity is tied up in that nest egg, and you're thinking, okay, like, you know, when they pass away, this is going to the family. But then if they have a bunch of debt, and you also know like, not only is it but the debt is going to eat up that estate. Yep. That is just like, ah. So parents, if you can, I know it's tough, but if you're in your fifties and your, your kids are sniffing around trying to get information, they're not trying to tell you what to do. They're not trying to get up in your grill. They're just, we just wanna make sure we are planning.


That's invite all, I say invite, invite. We're trying to invite them for dinner and tell 'em about your financial situation. Just tell us, we wanna know, do you have life insurance? How much we want to know? What do you have in your 401k? We just, we wanna help us. We're trying to help us by knowing about you. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. October is the season for wearing costumes and masks. But let's be honest, a lot of us hide our true selves behind a mask in costumes all the time. We do this at work. We do this with our friends, with our families. We even do this with ourselves. I've been there multiple times in my life when I'm not being my true self. And it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where you can be honest with yourself, so you can take off the costumes and take off the mask and learn to live an authentic life. If you're considering therapy, I want you to contact BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere, so it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost. Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/delony.


Hey, Dr John Delony here. Data suggests people who have amazing marriages are happier and they're healthier. But in the modern world, marriage especially a deep, intimate marriage can feel impossible. And that's why I'm thrilled to announce the launch of Questions for Humans, Intimacy Edition. These cards will help you build a stronger marriage, help you learn to feel connected. And yes, there's a lot of questions about the Oh yeah, stuff. Get yours today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, or click the description if you're on YouTube or podcast cast.


You're listening to The Ramsey Show. Thanks for hanging out with us. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is Dr John Delony. We are your host for this hour.


Something exciting coming up. We're heading into the fall, and you all know that before you know it, it's gonna be Thanksgiving, and then it's gonna be Christmas, and then it's gonna be New Year's. And if you're not careful, your money can go down a slippery, slippery slope, John. But we're here to help you. We're doing a series of webinars and we've been doing them a couple a month here to make sure that you have everything you need not to lose control. And so join Rachel Cruz and the EveryDollar team. We're doing a free live training. This one is Monday, November 4th at 1:00 PM 12:00 PM Central Time. This is your lunch break, right? I just got off of one and it's great. There's so many people on there. Over a, over a hundred thousand people have registered over the lifetime of these events, and people love them. If it's your first time, you can do it. If you've been to a couple before, but you still have more questions, you can still sign up. And by the way, if you're not available right at that time, still sign up because you can watch it later on when you are available. And so the way to register is you just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash webinar and this, that's it. We'll provide the rest. This is the number one way, guys, for you to eliminate your debt. This is the number one way for you to learn to build wealth. The number one way for you to get on the same PA Spa page as your spouse. And the number one way for you to eliminate stress, it all starts with the budget. So get help with what you need. These EveryDollar webinars are popping off. Again, that's Monday, November 4th at lunchtime. We'll see you there.


All right, John, you ready to go to these phones? Let's do it. Let's go out to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania and talk to Shannon. What's up, Shannon? Hi. Thanks so much for chatting today. I very much appreciate all of the advice we've gotten from you and FPU over all these years. So it's great to talk to you. Thank you so, so much. How, can We help? So my husband and I are, are 54. We are debt free except our mortgage, which will hopefully kick off next, next summer. Wow. Congrats. Yeah. thank you. So we have three children. Our oldest is halfway through college and doing well, I'm sorry, our youngest, but our oldest is 25.


He's also a college grad. He's got a great job, works with Excel. He's, he's a numbers guy and he's paid off all of his student loans that he had. He's a great saver. He's, he's thriving by pretty much any measurement you put out there. Good on, on paper. He lives with us still, not because he couldn't live on his own necessarily, but he has autism. And by staying with us, he stays connected socially and emotionally, which is definitely in his best interest, but not something he would necessarily do on his own.


We think at some point down the road, he will likely move out on his own, but as much in his life has been, it's just kind of on a later track. So we're trying to think through how best to help him be well positioned for that independence when the time comes personally and financially. and I would welcome any guidance or input you have on us helping him be well set and think through those things. Yeah, I mean, kudos to you all. It sounds like y'all have done a lot of work and walked alongside him with, in the places where he's accelerated past his, those who would be inside, you know, his, like the normed age of development.


And those times when it's been slower. Right. And it's just taken more time to get there, right? So good for you guys. Yeah. Over the course of my career, I've worked with graduate students, I've worked with law students, I've worked with any number of students who are somewhere on the spectrum. And in fact, where I went to grad school, the connected to the College of Education where I was in the, the Burkhart School for Autism was there. And it was a, it was a magical place where I saw them do some amazing things with young people transitioning in and out. I, I think the, here's some, I I, I can just throw it out there and only you will know where your son falls in terms of where his spectrum disorder is and how he does socially.


Lemme ask you this one question before I start just throwing things out there. If he finds himself alone, meaning like, you go out, you guys go outta town for a week, does he end up just watching YouTube over and over again, or watching videos over and over again or playing video games over and over again? He, that is certainly his bent. Okay. When we have gone out of town, we'll have like friends or family kind of check in and make sure he gets invited to dinner or to movies or something so that he's not either working or being on a video game. Okay. Yeah. I, I'm hearing that more and more that young professionals who are on the spectrum disorder, some, some, some place on the spectrum someplace, the allure in the way they've engineered these, these screens and, and social devices in the games, it, it's like, it's like their brains have been hacked and, and it's tough for any of us, much less somebody with some sort of processing challenge.


So I would recommend this one, and this is a hard thing, and this isn't me indicting you. This is just my experience working with parents. You and your husband, y'all check yourselves first. Sometimes, not always, but sometimes letting go of the leash a little bit or a lot Robs a parent who has spent their whole life advocating and defending and fighting for their kids with special needs or exceptionalities or, or, or specific challenges. It robs them of their identity. And so make sure that when that you and your husband are intentionally together and you're intentional about feeling that loss, that sense of purpose as you let him go into the world.


The second thing is, I would get with a a BA usually works with younger kids, but I'd find any sort of group or any sort of connection where he can begin what I would call a, this is the wrong language, but some sort of outpatient where you can go hang out with some guys in the evenings, hang out with different groups in the evenings. You might host 'em at your house, but we just want a group of people that he's going to be able to stay connected to. And then you guys are gonna watch that closely. And for some students, they fly. I mean, it's just been, I, I remember it was amazing. I, there was one group of students at the Burkhart Center that got involved with the theater department, and they were a part of theater performances that unlocked parts of it was magic.


I always sat there and wet people whole, all these shows. And then there's some students who at 28, 29, 30 years old just slowly loop their way back to watching YouTube 12 hours a night and then never sleeping until they collapse. Right? And so you will truly come to know your kid over time with space and distance that with intentionality after you're out. And it might be that he's never fully on his own. It might be that he part of a special needs trust after you're gone, will get him a garage apartment in one of his brothers and sisters' houses or in an, like, an extended care kind of place. But I, I think it's you guys just, just facing that reality head on, Right?


On the financial side, like I said, he has a great job. He is a phenomenal saver. So what are some ways that beyond us considering a special needs trust, like we, we have him set up, we started a Roth IRA this year. What might be some other ways that we can encourage him, even as he is such a saver to, to be making that investment in his future? I think a lot of the things that you would do for yourself, you just transfer it and teach him how to do it. So if you're a proponent of the baby steps, then we're teaching that same method of managing those finances.


The fact that you're doing Roth IRA is great. If you max that out, then now we're going to a brokerage account. And so having that money there, does he make enough that if he were able to live on his own, that he could Oh, yeah. Yeah. I think that's great. Yeah. I think at that point, you're managing the funds the same way you would, you're teaching him about how to budget. We're saying this is how much we're spending and we're giving EveryDollar a name. And then we're going and saying, okay, beyond that, what are we investing for? Are we gonna buy a place? Is is there gonna be a, a property that he lives at? And you guys are, again, with the social things, I think John has given you a good construct there. But I think if you find that there's a time where he moves on and out of your house, I think it's great to have those assets in his name.


And then all of that stuff can transfer to you know him when the time comes and his care. Or maybe a brother or sister that's got their name on the accounts too, just in case they need to step in. But also, I always wanna lean in the direction that's opposite of my kid's. Natural bent special needs are not. And so if I have a kid that's a natural spender, I'm gonna teach 'em. Really, I'm, I'm gonna let them watch me save. And if I have a natural saver that's just obsessed with saving, I'm gonna show them the joy of spending money every once in a while. And the joy of giving. So, so, and your kid will be none, none the different


Congratulations. Hey folks, Dave here. If you haven't booked your cabin on the Live Like No One Else Cruise, now's the time because it's 90 something percent sold out. You do not want to miss joining me, the Ramsey personalities and amazing guest entertainers for the ultimate debt-free celebration. We'll be sailing the Caribbean March 22nd through the 29th, 2025, stopping at the incredible Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, and The Bahamas. Hurry to secure your spot with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


cruise. You're listening to The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade. Next to me is Dr. John. We're taking your calls this hour. Get involved. Triple eight, Eight two, five five two, two five. Hey, has there ever been something money related? And you're like, I know I should know this, but I don't like, I've been at the, on this planet for a long time and I should know what the lingo is. I should know the jargon, but I I I just don't, and you're, you're embarrassed to Ask. That's every that's me every day on this show. So we started a new segment here asking for a friend. And listen, I, I'll, I'll be honest, I may have been one of these people that, for the longest, I was really confused about like, what comes outta your paycheck when you get paid?


I still, I'm not confused. I just get mad. Listen, I, here's what it is. I know I'm not the only one. And when I saw this clip, I was like, that is, that is me. Take a look at this. My first paycheck, look at the window. There's my name. Hi me. God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it. I steamed milk for it. And it was totally not worth it. Who's fica? Why's he getting all my money? Relatable. That's so true. Like, you look at your paycheck. I mean, it happens all the time here. People call and I'm like, how much do you make? They're like, I make a hundred thousand dollars a year.


But then like, by the time, what they actually take home after taxes, after Take taxes $11. So, or it's fine to me, I get madder now when I, I hit potholes, I'm like, no, no, no, no. You took my money, you fixed the potholes. Well, let's talk about what is it like what's happening with this payroll tax? What is FICA asking for a friend? You know, some of you're gonna be today years old when you figure this out. But it's basically the, these, this is Federal Insurance Contributions Act, right? This is, that's what FICA stands for. This is what you're required to pay into basically as an American citizen. It says the FICA tax, also known as just payroll tax, just refers to taxes that employers and employees have to pay.


And these are programs like Social Security and Medicare, right? And when you, when that money goes out of your check to fund those programs, it's funding them in real time. It's not like I'm just setting this aside for me for later. It's for everybody. It goes into a big pool for everybody. And so big picture is when you pay those FICA taxes, your money just goes into that big pool, a big fund. And it's for whoever's currently receiving social security, whoever's currently receiving Medicare. That's why we say all the time to people like, Hey, go on ahead and fund your own retirement because you don't know what social security will be when your time comes. So I think They're really clearly telling us it's not gonna be very much, I mean, I feel like they tell, I'm like, we don't know.


And they're like, we're gonna run outta money. It's like, yeah, but we don't know. And It's like, no, I just wanna know what happens if we do, I want my refund back 'cause I've been paying Shit. Okay. Yeah. Right. So f attacks, it breaks down into two categories. Like I said, you've got the social security and then you've got the Medicare. And if you're wondering like, how much is this? So for employers you're withholding 6.2, they're taking 6.2% of your taxable gross, which is, it can be pretty high depending on how much you make. But, and then they take that and they match your contribution. So 6.2 on your end, 6.2 on their end, and it goes into that big pool. And then for Medicare, it's 1.45% of your taxable wages.


And again, they match that. Now the kicker is if you are like self-employed, you pay both sides. 'cause you're the employer and the employee. And that hurts. Like, Especially when you're trying to get a small business off the ground, man. What? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's tough. I Remember my mother-in-law, she always helped us with our taxes. 'cause she's a a, a bookkeeper. And when she explained that to me for the first time, back, back, back in the day, I was like, my jaw was on the floor. Yeah. I was like, it's so much money. But you know, even if you're self-employed, you still gotta pay old, old Mr. fica. So freelancers, like I said, independent contractors, self-employed workers, they're required to pay both ends. Yeah. And so again, just make sure to plan.


Yes. You can't stop it. It is the force of the government. There's, there's nothing you can do. You gotta pay it, but at least you know what it is. And if you were so excited to earn your paycheck and then when you looked at it, it was a little bit less, that's probably where it went. For more information about taxes, go ahead and visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash taxes. Or you can click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. And Think about this. If you're like, wait a minute, 6%, like that's not very much. I pay way more than that. This is not state income tax and no federal income tax. This is, this is just the other numbers. Yeah. This is just Social security and Medicare. That's right. That's it. And I Love Dave said this once, and it never occurred to me. He said the greatest scam the government ever pulled was automatic deduction facts.


He said, if you had to write and, and honestly when it comes to like Medicare, like taking care of the least of these in our communities, I don't think that'd be the uproar. I think the uproar would be those that state and federal tax. If we had to write a check every month and give it to just bring it to em, the government, I think that the average US citizen would be much more No, I don't think we would get, I don't think we'd be where we are. Yeah. Because it wouldn't be this money that just outta sight outta minds. Yeah. And this given to a small group of people who just do whatever they want to with it. I think people would be much more invested as citizens. Yeah. Like, you're gonna take my money, you're gonna demand it legally from me, then I'm gonna demand my my voice be heard with how you spend that. That's true. I mean, they've basically tapped into what we say all the time about credit cards, which is when there's no friction.


That's it. You don't feel it. And you're like, yeah, take my money. I, I'm fine with it. And then they, they came up with scam number two, which is every year some of y'all we're gonna send you some of your money back and you're gonna think you won something. Right. Like, they're gonna think we Scratched something off and Got it. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. We think that we're getting like a, a treat or a prize when really they've just, They held our money interest free. Interest free By the way they lent it out and or making money off of it. Right. Right. They're making interest off our money. But listen, we could go on and on all day. Maybe we should, John. Nope. Let's go out to Phoenix AZ where it's still a thousand degrees even though it's October. Talk to Scott. What's up Scott? Hi. Thanks for taking the call.


how are you guys? You got it bro. What's happening to your weather out there I's actually really nice right now. Did it finally break? It's been bits Dropped below hundred, so we're good. Wow. Well that's good to hear. Wow. How can We help man. Well, we're looking to replace our family minivan and I am debating how much to spend and whether or not I'd feel okay buying something new. Ooh. Which just something I've always thought I wouldn't do. and I can hear Dave in my head talking about how much a new car depreciates as soon as you drive it off the lot. So I'm just trying to balance being responsible and not being a cheapskate. I love that. I love that Dave's voice lives rent free in so many Americans head. Okay, well tell us, tell us what it is and we can tell you if, if it's a good idea or not, or at least point you in the right direction.


So what are you thinking of getting? What does it cost? We're looking at the 2025 Kia Carnival, which was just updated and I'm expecting it to be around 52,000 or so. Wow. Which previously we were looking at the, the 22 to 24 models and this is gonna be, you know, 10 or 12,000 beyond that. but It So 2024 would be what 40 Made with it? Yeah, like about 40. That's what we were planning. Okay. But my wife is at home with the kids full time, but she's a rockstar and still brings in an income too. And she's just been saving up like nearly all of her income for a while. So she saved up like $38,000.


So we were gonna pay cash for it. Then we started looking at the newer one and then I actually fortuitously happened to get a bonus. Wow. So we actually do have the money that we could pay cash. I'm just still not for The 50,001. I'm Trying to get over the mental barrier of the depreciation and of the new one. Well, let's walk through that a little bit. So you've got cash, there's a couple boxes we need to check to get the green light. So you've got cash. That's good. Let's talk about what your combined income is. What do you and her make together? Because again, this needs to be no more than half of your, you know, annual salary give or take. So what do you guys bring in?


Yeah, together it's about one 90 or so. Okay. Okay. So we're firing on that cylinder. Well how much is your car worth? Maybe eight to 9,000. Okay. Okay. So we got a checkbox there. Now if you're talking about doing this 2025 brand new vehicle, you know what has to be in place next, don't you All the insurance and registration that goes into that, that's way more too. Yes. But there's something quite critical to buying a brand new car. You need to have a million dollar net worth. Oh, gotcha. And here's why. Here's why. And this answers the question that you're talking about when we're talking about this depreciating asset. You've gotta basically be okay with putting that money right in the center of your living room and burning it and saying, I could care less that this thing is gonna lose 60% of its value in the next three to four years.


Yeah. It's that the million dollars is an arbitrary number, but it's Right. It's a good, it's a good like, like it checks you, it Checks your gut. It's a gut check to go how, how much can I really afford this? How meaningless is this money to me? Right. And you're donating 20 or 30 grand to the car dealership. Yeah. Over a couple years. The truth is If, you have a million dollar net worth all boxes and all roads lead to you being able to do this. That's right. But if you don't, you need to go with the 2024 and pay cash. This is The, Ramsey Show.


I think we'd all agree that it's a lot harder to run a race if you don't know where the finish line is. But nearly half of all Americans have no idea how much money they'll need to retire with dignity. If you're ready to stop hoping for the best and start planning for your future, then check out the smart investor program. A smart investor pro can teach you everything you need to know to get in the driver's seat of your own financial future. Connect with a pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot


com slash smart ster. This is The Ramsey Show helping you with your life, your money, your relationships, your career. I'm Jade Warshaw next to me today. The doctors in the house. Dr, John, Delony. What up? How's it going in your world? We're did. I'm I'm, we are busy, busy. We had a wild and adventurous money in marriage as best we can. Yeah. And it was off the hook, dude. You spoke at it. It was the deepest and probably most impactful thing I've ever been a part of. Yeah. Yeah. What you got right there? I got these questions for humans. The Intimacy deck, they actually sold out on campus. They're gone. Wow. You can get 'em online now and waiting for our own new shipment back. This is the only deck that exists in this, in this building, but it's just questions about sex and Intimacy and connection and communication and Couples trying to find their ways back to each other with all the anxiousness and schools and games and stuff and stuff and things we gotta do.


And ah, like it just sit down across the table and get to know each other again. I like it. I'll be getting a deck. Alright, let's go to the phone lines. We got Wes Evansville, Indiana is where he is at. What's going on Wes? Hey guys, how you doing? I appreciate the time. You got it, Wes? What's up man? Yeah, for sure. So this may be a, oh man, maybe a question for more of a counselor and I might need some serious therapy, but let me lay it out here for you if you can gimme just a second. Go for it. So I feel like I got a couple problems and it basically, they deal with the internal conflict, you know, within myself. I feel like I got a, a value disorder, meaning, well Lay it out there. I'm seeking lay it out there.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So, so I feel like I'm seeking comfort while I'm trying to seek my, my dreams in, in my business. Obviously got a money problem, debt versus cash flow and then a self-belief. So let me lay it out here. I'm 35, I'm divorced, I got two kids living at home with me over half the time. I started a window cleaning business 12 weeks ago and I've made 12,000 bucks in 12 weeks. My expenses are about $5,000 a month. and I make $4,000 a month. As of like what I've shared with you. I got 32 bucks in the bank. I'm behind on two credit cards, my light bill and my mortgage as of 30 days ago.


And here, here's, here's where I'm basically looking for some counsel here. I'm kind of frozen in time with building this business and getting gazelle intense because of the, the, you know, where I'm at financially. And so I am struggling with getting gazelle intense to climb myself outta my hole, you know, with my business of my own. I'm a one man show and basically I'm, I'm at a place where I'm considering getting some, you know, getting a debt relief company to do their thing. No, You're not gonna do that. I can do that. My bell. Alright, Wes.


Okay, hold on. Yeah, go ahead. Did I hear you right? You make 4,000 bucks a month, but you, it costs five grand a month to run this thing. Yeah. So there's, yeah, basically my expenses, there's hardly any overhead. I'm a one man show going door to door, getting window cleaning businesses and home services gigs. But how does it, how does cost, I feel like I can make probably, How does it cost five grand a month in expenses? Is that just business or is that your personal stuff rolled in? It's basically all personal. Okay. Because there's really no, there's really no overhead. Like I'm banging on doors. And So to clarify, to clarify, you're going out, you're hitting the pavement, you're making $4,000, you're pocketing it all as income, your one man show, that's fine.


But to run your personal life is $5,000. Your personal budget is $5,000 a month. So you're a thousand dollars deficit every month. Yeah. So give or take 4,600 bucks one month and Okay. You know. And how do you, how do you account for it? Does it going on a credit card? What do you do when you're, when you're at a loss? Yeah. I, well it's only been 12 weeks, but I'm behind on those, those, you know, three or four bills. Bills. So you just don't pay 'em. You don't, you're just not paying 'em. But are you putting more debt on a credit card is what I'm asking? Well, I'm maxed out everywhere, so I don't really have, I'm kind of at a place where I'm, my, my, my, my credit's toast I can't get anymore.


Okay. Okay. and I just need to put energy into this thing. No, No, no, no, no, no. It's not it, it's not it, dude. Okay. What, how long ago was your divorce? So it's finished about a year and a half ago. Is this two ago? Is this still hanging on your Neck? It was a crazy divorce. Yeah. It's a, it's it's trauma man. It was crazy. It was a circus. It was, but I'm talking about is sit with me for a second. You back and forth, you toggle to keep yourself safe from the past and oh my gosh, it's crazy to the future. It's all coming down. I want you to sit right here in the middle.


Right here in the middle. Is it still weighing on you that the person you said I do the mother of your kids, that y'all had to blow up like this? Yeah, I mean I'm still, I'm still kind of hoping that we can kind of fix it. Okay. You gotta let that go. We're in process Doing That. Are you, are you, are you dating again? No. Okay. So here's the thing. I I think you have a core reality problem. Okay? I don't think it's a, I Feel like it, like I said, value disorder. Yeah. Yeah. But it's not a value disorder. It's that you, you want things to be a, you wanna be your own boss. You wanna be a present dad.


You want to re get together with the ex-wife that blew your life up. You wanna do all this stuff all at the same time. I do. I wanna do it all now. I know. But in the meantime, math is working against you. 'cause math doesn't care what your dreams are. It doesn't care what pain you've been through. It just keeps doing math and you're, You're, it keeps doing math. Yes. You're getting further and further and further behind and your kids absorb that tension in your house. And you wanna have a different mindset. People think they can just, they can just think their way to confidence. Confidence is built through. and I can't, you can't, you gotta go do, and dude, you're grinding and I'm proud of you.


You're making four grand a month on a brand new business. That's amazing. And you can't eat on four grand a month. No, dude. It's, it's been a bummer. Yeah. I'm getting And so here's what I want you to do. I want you to not think about, okay, I gotta grind here. Do I want you just to exhale and sit in reality? And most people, most of the time, myself included, when you have to face reality, you have to grieve it for a minute. That woman's gone. This job, this dream we have of going all in, it's not a right moment right now. I wanted my kids all the time. I only get 'em half the time. That's exhale. And then I'm gonna go get a regular boring, bummer job where I'm throwing boxes somewhere, but I've got health insurance and I'm making x number of dollars an hour.


And then I'm also knocking on doors and putting up flyers and washing windows when I can to get this thing going. And you're gonna find out that the life of a solopreneur is wall to wall 24 7, 365 until it finally takes off if it ever does. Right. And then your kids are gonna have this ringside seat to a dad that got his knees capped in a divorce, but he got back up and he started grinding and he was still a person of integrity and character. And you're gonna wake up in two years and three years, you're gonna be really, really confident. Not because you thought your way to some mindset, moly, ogly, but because you just went and did the next right thing And the next Right.


Thing is You gotta make enough money to eat. Yeah. How I sure do. How many hours are you putting into this? Every month. Every week? Yeah. That's, that's where it gets embarrassing because I'm putting about 20 hours in, but the rest of it, the time I just can't get myself to move, I'm frozen. I'm like, well then let that dream go. The thing is, if you, here's the thing though. If you're putting 20 hours a week into this and you're making $4,000, imagine if you put Right. That's why I think Yeah. So Why don't you wanna do it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's causing you to not do the other 20 hours Worse?


That's where my, my value disorder comes in. The seeking comfort versus the dream. 'cause it's, I mean, it's hard stinking work. I'm good at what I do, man. I can get jobs every day. I go out, I, dude, there's and I gotta, it's not a value disorder. It's not a diagnostic. Okay. Don't call it that. What is it? I just need to figure it out Here. It's, there's nothing to figure out. It's a choice. I, I like this work. I don't, I I wanna make this solopreneur thing work. I don't like this work and I'm not gonna do this solopreneur thing. It's just a choice you have to make. Yeah. Or you go and pick up another job for the other 20 hours. Yeah. But either way, you gotta work as an adult.


We have to go to work. That's it. It's not, it's not a, it's not a disorder, it's not a thing. It's just, it, it is. You gotta make a choice. Do I wanna do this job or not? Yeah. And Jade, you and I we have on the outside, it looks like a ma the the dream job. These jobs are hard. You and I, it's a lot of hours. You get frustrated, there's a lot of hours. It's early, it's late. I'm wearing makeup right now for chronic. Oh wow. It's a whole thing, right? Yes. Every job's got hard, hard, hard seasons in it. Every job does. Yeah. You gotta decide. Is is the hard season worth the work man? That's it. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep. You heard me Right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bottom bing, bottom B. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.