
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help you win, you build wealth, do work that you love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Maloney, bestselling author and host of The Dr John Delony Show. And we're taking your calls. It's totally free. Just call triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'll do our best to help you take the right next step for your mental health, your relationships, your money, and your work. Savannah's gonna kick us off this hour in Seattle, Washington. Sienna, Savannah, how are you doing? Welcome to the show. I'm doing good. how are you? Doing great. How can John and I help?


So, I was diagnosed with bipolar one about two years ago and have been stable for about a year now. It looks like I only mean stable for the pre foreseeable future as I take my medications prescribed and see a psychiatrist go to therapy every other week and use my coping skills. When I had my manic episode, I spend about $30,000 in five months. So I transferred $24,000 of my money into my mother and her name for her to keep safe while I got stable. Now that I am stable and probably will be for the future, I am wanting to transfer some of that money or all of it back into my name. I'm thinking that opening up a number of accounts into my name, all accounts would be a joint account with my mother. So if I were to have a manic episode, I could give her my debit card and from the checking account she could pay my basic expenses and give me cash to do things like buy groceries, gas, and some spending money.


The problem with this system is that I could get access to the money without my mother's oversight by opening another checking account and my own name and pulling my money from the joint accounts. Is this a good idea or is there another way that I should go about doing that? I'd say the first, I just wanna applaud you a year staying on meds. That's, that's like an impressive feat. I'm proud of you. Thanks. Good for you. How do you feel? I feel really good. I've never been stable since I was 10 years old. Hmm. So it's kind of And how old are you now? The Other shoe to drop. How old am I now? I'm 21. Wow. When's your last manic episode?


When I was 19, turning 20. So September, 2022. Ended in December, 2022. Okay. When was your last basement episode Ended in August, 2023. Okay. Okay. So I just, man, I would high five you if you were sitting right in front of me. I'm really proud of you. It's awesome. It's awesome. Thank you. So you painted me two different pictures here. Okay. You painted me one picture where you are very, very wise and that is saying I know that I am, I'm gonna make up a story here I am five foot one and I have dishes in the top shells of the cabinets in my kitchen.


So I have a stool in there. And in your case, that analogy would be, I've got bipolar one. I have an ex a, a decade plus of ups and downs, radical ups and downs. I am doing great right now, but for my own, just as a, as a tool for getting through the, through the world, I gave my money a, my mom access. I give her my money to hold it for safekeeping. Awesome. I'm proud of you. The question I have is the next question you posed seemed to assume that you're gonna go back and do this whole thing again.


So tell me, what does being well feel like look like? I mean, tell me what it, what it feels like. Tell me what that plan looks like moving forward. Can you handle 24,000 bucks just in your checking account right now? I think I can. I have been managing about $5,000. Excellent. Excellent. On my own. And then before I had my big manic episode, I have a total of like $60,000. Okay. Some of what is in a brokerage account. And I managed that completely fine until I had my big manic episode. Okay. I, I think you manage this the best way.


You know how to moving down the road and knowing that you're gonna have stumbles and that's okay. And that you've proven to yourself that you can get back up and you can have long periods of success. Especially when you do the things that you know you need to do to stay well and whole. And everyone around you is gonna say, oh my gosh, I can't believe you give your mom access to your checking account. or you do well, you've got a special situation and you're managing it with great maturity. And I was gonna suggest that you practice with smaller amounts and you've been doing that. You've been knocking it outta the park. Lemme ask you this. What do you need that 24,000 for? Some of it is my college expense savings. 'cause I'm in college right now. Okay. And she transfers $700 of it a month over to me.


Okay. For me to use every month. Some of it is like sinking funds. Another part of it is my emergency funds. It's just bits of multiple different things. So paint me a picture or as to why you need it right now? Or is it just you want it? I don't need it right now. I just feel uncomfortable 'cause it's in her name. My name is not even on the account. Ah, okay. Okay. It's All in her name and I feel uncomfortable with it. On her account, we set up a transfer upon desk for the account. So if she were to pass away, it didn't go to me, but I just feel uncomfortable. If she were to get sick, I'd still be alive then I wouldn't be able to get access. You're breaking up with a Savannah. but yeah, I, here's the deal.


I, I think that's a good next step. I think it's a good next step. So George just walking through, she had a manic episode so she transferred, she blew a bunch of money and she, she learned that when I'm not, well here's one of the things I do. And, It makes me not safe, makes my future self not safe. So she transferred all the money to her mom and said, safekeeping mom seems like she's trustworthy and is paying her college expenses, is sending her money that they have saved up for her college expenses. So she wants to slowly regain autonomy after a year of being Well awesome. And so she practiced with $5,000, manages it great. And then now says, next step, what about me joining those checking accounts with mom?


I think that's a great next step. And mom knows if anything gets sideways, we can get in between here. I think I'm okay with that next step, especially given that her commitment to continuing to take her meds, continue to go and meet with other professionals and licensed professionals. I think that's great. Yeah, and I'll, I'll give you a modern tip here Savannah. This might work for you. What if you open a high Yield Savings Account online and you don't have the password your mom does, your mom's not on the account but she knows the password. Oh, I like that. There's no debit card attached to it. And if you really need the money for a real reason, mom can sign in and transfer the money over to checking. I like that Point. But the account is in her Name, but the account is in Savannah's name only.


And that avoids some of this, you know, the scary, weird situations we've seen on the show. Or hey mom, drain the account and is gone. Who knows? Your mom sounds trustworthy by the way. So I'm not saying that would ever happen. I like That plan, I like that plan. And then she, you know, only transfers as much as you need to cover your monthly expenses that month. And if there's a sinking fund expense, she transfers that amount. And if it's a big insurance bill or something that comes up, I think that's the best case scenario. And then maybe you guys have a game plan of saying, Hey, if I do really well over the next 12 months, here's what we're gonna do next. I'm gonna have access to the login and you're still gonna have oversight. Who knows what you guys decide then you know, if everything goes well. So I like this plan, but I think we need to make some tweaks to it in order to protect you and give you some autonomy as well.


But there's no need to have more in the checking account than what you need for that month. That's right. Especially while you're in college. And there's no need, regardless of whether you're five foot one, whether you got bipolar disorder, whether you have any number of physical, I gotta bring My height challenges. I just wanted to bring you into the picture, into the conversation, George, of, of having help and having support as you need it as part of life. And also there's a moment for people to grow up if that's appropriate for you. And we often conflate the two not necessary here. It's what's happening right now. And that plan fluid. I'm Proud of Savannah. She should hold her head high. She's done hard work and she'll continue to do hard work. Good For her. Thanks for trusting us with the call Savannah. More of The, Ramsey Show coming up triple eight eight two five five two two five.


If recent times have shown us anything, it's that the least expected events can and will happen and we have to deal with them. That's why everyone who has a family counting on them needs term life insurance for over 25 years. The only company I've recommended is Xander. Insurance. That's because Xandr is a broker that works for you. They search all the top term life plans out there and find you the best rates and make the process of getting coverage quick and easy. You can apply online or over the phone in just minutes. And they offer plans with super competitive rates that don't require a medical exam, making it faster and simpler than ever to get the coverage you need. I trust Xandr for all my insurance needs and you can trust them too. Don't put off getting term life insurance until it's too late. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 for a fast and easy quote today. That's xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82


Triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's the number to call. this is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony.


Lot of people thinking about maybe selling the house. We got some ECU equity. It's appreciated. Well, selling the house the Ramsey way will make home ownership a blessing instead of a burden. And the Ramsey trusted program is the only way to find an agent you can trust to keep you on track with what we teach here at Ramsey and get the best offer on your house or find the right house for you. So we're gonna send you some of the top agents in your area who we trust. You review the stats, you interview them, you decide who you wanna work with. And these trusted agents have years of experience. They're gonna help you make wise decisions when it comes to pricing and marketing and making or choosing the right offer. So find a Ramsey trusted real estate agent for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Next up we've got Rachel in Fort Worth, Texas. how are you doing Rachel? I am doing great guys. how are you? Great. How can we help? Okay, so my husband recently had a job opportunity get presented to him and we are flip-flopping back and forth whether or not we should take it or whether we should stay where we are. So I'll try to give you as much as I can so you understand kind of the challenge of the decision. So the job would take us to the Houston area. We're currently in the Dallas Fort Worth area. I am from Houston. That's where I grew up. My family is still there. We still have a bunch of friends there.


So that definitely makes the news appealing. Hey, Can I just cut you off real quick? Can I tell you what else makes that appealing? Sure. You get to be an Astros fan instead of a Rangers fan and that's a big Deal. No, I I'm, I'm diehard Astros fan. So to the, we literally go watch the Astros, play the Rangers here. this Is, you're my favorite caller I've ever taken on this show. I didn't know you were an actress fan, John. I love it. I have a huge h tattooed on my chest. It's all he talks about. They're the best. I freaking love it. No, I got to go to game six when I won the World Series. That was awesome. I got to Be there. It was great. Okay, back the call. Back to the call. Yes. I know. I know so clearly the answer is yes. She moved to Houston. My god. Get outta there. I know, But go ahead. I, I, I funny, I funny enough said that to my husband, he's like, hmm con. But anyway, but yeah, so we would get to move back to Houston, family, friends, all that good stuff.


So there's definitely a financial component to the decision. And there's also like a heart personal component to the decision financially where we're sitting. So the offer would be that my husband would be guaranteed 600,000 for 18 months. He's in sales. So his, you know, he never makes the exact same thing every year. So he is guaranteed 600 for 18 months and then after that it's what he's kind of grown his territory to. It could be that same amount, it could be more, could be a little less. What's he make now? So currently he, he technically could make like 5 25 this year.


That's about the highest he could make really? I think realistically he's gonna be closer to the four 50 to five range. Okay. What does He sell? So he's in the finance industry. So he sells, They sell Air I Know he sells Bitcoins and sell like NFTs? No, he sells, he sells to like financial advisors are his clients. So he sells, he works for like one of the bigger firms snacks. Does he sell 'em snacks for their machines? No, he sells like different funds, different like solutions for their clients. Like he gotcha. Sells that stuff.


And then they Yeah. And And he's really good at it. Clearly. What's the con? Here he is. So he's gonna make more than half a million dollars. He's gonna get, He's getting a significant raise, A massive raise. You get to be Astros fans and you get to live in Houston, which all these Great con H right? Yeah. So what's the, what's the negative? So here's the negative. So what the financial negative he is, he would lose like 80 to 90,000 in stock with his current company. 'cause he'd be moving companies, he'd be leaving his current company and also is our housing situation. So right now where we are, we got a pretty sweet situation. We have a beautiful home on almost like 0.7 acres. We are like on a cul-de-sac walking distance to all the things you would want.


And at a 2.9 interest rate and looking into the housing market of what if we tried to keep where we're at? Yes, we're making, you know, significant more money, but almost all of it's like going to your mortgage 'cause it would increase our mortgage like a solid two to $3,000. How big is your mortgage now? We're at like 3,700 a month. What, How, how much total? What's left? Like what's left on our Yeah, so if you Yeah, what's left on the balance? Like it's like 500 ish. Okay. So if you sold and got a new property, what would your new mortgage be? We would guesstimate somewhere around six to seven.


How much equity do you have built in? So, well, it depends on what we could sell our house for, which we've been told it could be anywhere from one to 1.2. What do you owe on it? So, and then we owe another five. Okay. So you get like six, 700 out, put it toward the next one. but yeah, put it towards the next one. You'd have to buy like a 1.4 in Houston If, yeah. So like what we've been looking at, if we wanted to stay somewhat comparable to where we are, it's around 1.2. Okay. So it would just be depending on how much equity we get outta the house. So we sell, it would make, you know, slightly more or less on the new mortgage. Okay. There's something you're not telling me here. Okay. Here's why I skipped a final to go on a date with the woman who has become my wife.


Yeah. I have made some loopy loop intellectual gymnastics in order to justify me taking a job that in my guts I knew was right. And I've turned down jobs that paid well. 'cause in my guts they were wrong. Everything on paper says this is a good move. And you are finding ways to not take it. What's the real reason you don't wanna leave? Do you have friends or your friends there? Do you have community? Like what is Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, that's, that's the heart part of it. I was gonna kind of get into like, because logistics, all of that, like on paper it makes sense, right? Yes. The hard part is move. So get to the heart of it. So the heart of it is like, we love where we are. Like we're happy where we are.


We're content where we are. My husband makes obviously really decent money here now and we've built a community here. 'cause like neither of our families are here with us. They both live hours and hours away. So we've had to build something where we are for ourselves and we've done that. And we have a community here now. And we've had two kids here now. We have a 3-year-old and almost 5-year-old. And we're in the process of trying to have another. And so there's just this. So don't move. So don't move. Like seriously. Does that give you peace? Some, but my husband's on the other side. Okay. Like he's the long term vision log legit logic guy.


So here's the deal. I don't see a way y'all lose here and I don't see a way that y'all don't make this move. And it's not gonna cost you something. You're gonna have to create new community and that's not gonna be fun at first. But you did it once. No, and you'll do it again, right? Or you're gonna have to let 150 grand go and your husband's a killer salesman. He's always gonna have money dangling in front of him for the rest of his life, Right? And he's gonna have to decide, am I gonna have make peace with living an amazing life or am I gonna, is is peace for him gonna be chasing something red? And there's not a right or wrong to that. You just have to be aligned in it, right? And that's what we're struggling. We flip, we've truly flip flopped.


He has said, he was like, go with staying and then, and then now he's like, it just makes sense to go. and so we don't what If either way it was gonna be okay, what would you do? I think you'd move And see. I think you'd stay, I think, I think there's enough upside on this. Oh, that Man. Not guys, I'm, y'all are killing me. There's two guys opinions and we're telling you I know there's no bad option. I know there's not A bad option here, But I think you're burning so many brain calories and toiling over this when really there's no destruction either way. Let's say you move and you hate it in 18 months. Yeah, he was guaranteed 600 K. You pay down the mortgage, you move back.


And by the way, our families live hours and hours. Fort Worth is like three and a half depending on how you drive and or four hours away. It's not long. It's half a day. No, it's not. And we've been able to make that work. We're I, we started talking the conversation of like aging parents. Like, 'cause our parents can come visit right now. Like we can go down there. It just starts being a lot more challenging. Once parents get older, they're not gonna keep being able to come visit kids. Start getting I know you're, your husband's a salesman, a really, really good one. Yes, he is. He'll always have a job. Yeah, for sure. Always. And so if your parents are aging and they're 60 and you're all starting to think about what seventies and eighties are gonna look like, that's a decade and a half away.


Your kids will be outta the house. You'll have one kid left in your house. Or the reverse if your parents are in their seventies or eighties and aging parents is the next year or two. Yeah, I I would totally consider that. I think you have to live in this tension that we don't talk about very often. There's not really a bad option here. And both options, you're gonna gain something and you're gonna lose something. And whatever you do decide, you gotta make peace with it and then go all in on it and don't go. But what if we had stayed? What if we had gone? You just gotta make peace. You'll be all right. Thanks for the call Rachel. this is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. this is Delony and I'm always railing against social media, especially in the summer because everyone uploads the highlight reels of their perfect bodies and perfect vacations and perfect kids and I know they're not real. And I also know that I'm blessed beyond my wildest dreams, but I still find myself wishing my life was like other people's. And based on the data I know this is happening to you too. Comparison is wired into us, but comparison can also become the thief of joy because we can feel like we're not enough and begin acting and thinking in ways we would never think otherwise. When it all gets to be too much, think about contacting BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. And by the way, therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for all of us who are ready to get outta the comparison spin cycle and find our own peace and joy in the life we're creating. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel joined by Dr. John Delony. The number to call is triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life, your money, your relationships, and whatever else you want to chat about. Henry is up next in Cincinnati. Henry, welcome to the show. Hey, how are you guys today? Doing well. how are you? I'm good. What's going on? Hey, So just to get to the quick question, there's a bit of a background story and you guys can ask whatever you want to after, after that, but so right now I want to, or I'm looking at buying a duplex with my two oldest kids.


I am debt free. And actually they are, they are too. I have money. They don't, they have, the older one has good income. The younger one is a recently single mom. And so I'm just looking at how best to do this. 'cause I can do this without, without debt, but they cannot, Why are you wanting to include them? That's part of the backstory. They, because they're my kids and I, I'm looking to help, especially my daughter during this time.


So instead of them, my oldest son is looking to make a move to so that they could rent together. And in our area, the rent is absolutely ridiculous. And so I said maybe it's a good time for us to get into a duplex to where the rent is staying in the family as opposed to going in somebody else's pocket. So are you saying you would live on one side and son and daughter live on the other? I'm Not moving. I'm not moving. No. Okay. My son and daughter would live on one side and the other side would get rented.


So if I was you, I'd buy this duplex with cash and I would let my son and his family or whatever rent one side and I would help my daughter out when she was in a tough season. But I would not include them on the note or anything like that. That's gonna, you're gonna end up in a war with your kids and the relationships you're trying to preserve and save, you'll end up, you'll end up in ashes. I'm just telling you that's what we do. But I, I love that you're taking care of your kids, but I would just buy yourself a duplex man. And if you want to give, gift her money every month, then gift her money every month. But I don't think you need to wind it through this sort of business transaction that feels like it's gonna get messy. And I would just, because we wouldn't have a show if these things didn't go sideways all the time. I would have my son sign a lease. I would tell my daughter, we're gonna do this for six months and then we'll reevaluate.


It just keeps them from feeling parasitic. It, it, it keeps the, the the dad kid relationship solid. And then there's a business relationship as well. So in your view, in in no way should this happen, like as a, as co-owners or Anything? No, no, no, no, no, no. Well, let's walk through this. It's awkward. They're broke. They don't have money. You put all the money down, they're going, okay, well what's our equity versus yours And? what it appreciates And. what if we wanna sell, Let's back up a minute. My, I would say that my daughter is, my daughter's the closest to being broke, but she's not exactly broke. My son has really good income, but he's starting out in life.


So it's not So he has no money. It takes money to buy real estate. I'm not saying they're, they're great kids, they're debt free. I'm not saying this has anything to do with their financial acumen, but as far as making this business transaction happen, you're coming to the table with a hundred percent, they're bringing zero. And yet they're co-owners. And so it creates no inherent awkwardness. Nope. That's that's not it. That's not it. It was, it would be like, I could potentially buy it outright, but that would, that would burn up more money than I'm looking to burn up. Well, I wouldn't tell you to take a mortgage on this. We don't tell anyone to buy investment property with a mortgage. Here's, here's the deal, brother. Like you can do what you wanna do and, and help your kids out the best way you think you can help 'em out.


What I'm telling you is one of your kids is gonna get a job and they're gonna have to move. One of your kids is going to find the love of their life and it's gonna happen quicker than anybody thinks. And that person's gonna either wanna move in or wanna get their own place and then we're gonna have to sell this place, but the other person's not gonna wanna move. And you're gonna have, it's just gonna turn into a mess. And I, I just wouldn't buy, like, I just wouldn't buy a house with anyone other than my wife because there is a legal un detangling of that relationship if, if it ever got that place. But it's just a recipe for somebody wants to move, somebody wants to stay there. Well, I got this house for you guys. It's just a way to create unnecessary chaos.


I would just buy the house outright. And if you can't afford to or you're not interested in that, you need to have that conversation with your kids. But bringing them into a financial relationship that they can't pull their full weight on that. You want to kind of pull their weight, but hey dad, we're grownups now, but yeah, but I'm paying for this house. It is just gonna make everything so messy, man. But you do what you want. I mean, you love your kids and you're a grownup. You can do what you want. That I'm, we're just telling you what we would do in our situation with our Kids, And, what We've seen And, what we see day in and day out and day in and day out. Okay. Sorry, Henry, I, we've, we failed him as far as what he wanted to hear, but I'm, I just, my heart palpitates with all the things that could go wrong.


And it's like, well, we're paying rent. So I feel like that should go towards our equity. And, It just, I can see this going poorly in so many ways. Or I don't Want you guys having this guy come over to your house. this is my house and I, it's just gonna create chaos. So the cleanest way is buy the house and then let your kids rent it from you. I got no problem with that. Let your kids live there for free while they get their feet underneath. That's Amazing. You can be as generous as you'd like on that front. Yeah. But trying to weave it all together just makes everything really tough and chaotic. Whew. Thanks for the call, Henry. It's an interesting one. Eric is up next in Philadelphia. What's going on Eric? Hi. Thanks for taking my call guys. Sure.


I, my company was bought out by another company and when they did, they had to roll my 401k over into the new company's plan. And so when this happened, I was charged the $17,000 MVAA market value adjustment, even though I had took no money out myself. And I was wondering how I could fight something like this and, and see if there was any avenues I could go through because right now we were told that we wouldn't lose any money in the rollover. And then I lost 17,001 of my colleagues lost 32,000.


It sounds like you're not invested in mutual funds or in 401k. What was this investment account? Well, the funniest thing was I was invested in the 401k and when I ended up speaking to the representatives from the company that was holding my money, they guided me into the fund, which took my money. Is are you talking about an annuity? this is just an annuity, right. Because that's usually what, when market value adjustments happen, it's on annuities, which is a contract with an insurance company for payments later in life. Well see, that's, that's what these people are telling me. But I did this over the phone with these guys. It went from a 401k into one of the funds in the 401k was the stable market value fund, which was supposed to be there.


The, the way it was explained to me was that this was gonna be an actual number on the account so that it wasn't gonna fluctuate during the transition of my money from one, from the 401k into the new 401k. And, and I've heard what you're saying from other professionals saying, oh, you weren't in a 401k, but I've, I've always been in a 401k. It wasn't until a month before the switch that I was moved into this fund with, with the help of the people that were, that were guiding me. And, and then all of a sudden it was, it was 17,300 something dollars was just pulled from my account. What was the total balance beforehand?


257,000 and some change. Okay, so we're talking about, I'm just doing the the math on this. There's about a 6% market adjustment. Yeah. 5.96. So the, the market adjustment happens when, you know, the, the underlying funds, the value changed and so the value changed by 6% And. then when they moved it over, they made that adjustment. I don't think you're gonna be able to get that back, unfortunately. Now see, this was done a month before into that account. It was, it was never in that before. And, and so my, my question was, it was basically is there anything I can do to see if, if we can argue with these people about, hey, there's no way that the market changed 6% in one month It actually went up.


Yeah. You Know, so it was charged as a fee to me because of, because of Eric. We're out of time. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com, get in touch with one of our smart investor pros and maybe they can dig into this for you, but it's hard to do on a short call. Thanks for the call man. this is The Ramsey Show.


Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions that you don't agree with. Yes, that's right. People are unknowingly putting money into big tech giants and household brand names that don't match up with their core values. But there's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Visit timothy plan.com for more information. Timothy plan.com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle for investing. Carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus if available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by four side fund services LSE.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell with John Delony here taking your calls at triple eight eight two five five two two five. John, it's time for our long running segment. Talk nerdy to me Man. I just wanna know your thoughts just on that alone. I've just, we've been traveling a lot and there's many of nights you and I are driving late nights, you know, to an airport or to a speaking gig and you're like, John, talk nerdy to me And we get into it. Ah yeah, we do. And that's what we do on the air. We're gonna, so We're gonna make it a segment. We're going to explain a financial concept that maybe you've never, you know, thought about all that much or you hear it and go, I think I know what that is. And I try to pretend when I'm at a party that I know.


'cause when you're at parties, what you talk about John, is don't say it 'cause I got a tip to a clip to tease it. You ready? Let's do it. Let's see if you can guess America based on this clip from Seinfeld. I'm not an investor. People always tell me you should have your money working for you. I decided I'll do the work. I'm gonna let the money relax. You know what I mean? Because you send your money out there working for you. A lot of times it gets fired. You go back there. What happened? I had my money. It was here, it was working for me. Yeah, I remember you're on money showing up late, taking time off. We had to let 'em go. Ah, that's good stuff John. That's gold.


Jerry, is that any good to you? No. Okay. Well John, what we're talking about today is not investing. It's the cousin of investing, which is savings. So there's a big difference. Savings think short term investing think long term. And the, the word of the day is high yield savings accounts or HYSA Talk nerdy to me. George What is a High, Yield Savings Account. So It's, this one's kind of what it sounds like. It's like ada pia, I think that's what that is. A high Yield Savings. Account has a higher yield, higher interest than a traditional savings account. So let's talk about those numbers. A traditional savings account, the average you'll get is 0.46% in interest on your balance, which is not even a half a percent high yield savings accounts.


We're we're seeing, you know, some record numbers here, John, at four or 5% that you're getting on your money. So you have a hundred thousand dollars sitting in there. If that balance just sat there over those 12 months, you would make $5,000, which is pretty sweet for doing nothing. and so we talk about having your money work harder for you. And that's why I recommend people store their emergency funds, their big savings like a home down payment. You're saving up for a car because once you get that ball rolling, it's nice to make a little bit of dough. So the goal here is not to make 10 20%, we're not investing, this is for short term goals. Think one year, two year, three year, four year goals. A high Yield Savings Account is a great place on top of your emergency fund And. what you're gonna see is this word a PY annual percentage yield.


So 10,000 in a high Yield Savings Account at 5% a PY. That's 500 bucks in interest at the end of the 12 months. It's that simple. And so with a traditional savings account at 0.46%, you get a measly $46 a year versus you know, the 500. And so that's why I recommend those high yield savings accounts. It's a great place to store those things like the emergency funds sinking funds. But again, this is not a long-term investment strategy. So do not think that you're investing by putting money into this type of account. And if you're spooked by the stock market, people go, well I'll just put it in savings. Well you're gonna hopefully maybe keep up with inflation at that rate, but your money's not gonna grow. So long term, think five plus years, you want to invest it into the market into your 4 0 1 KIRA brokerage account.


Short term, high yield savings. So just practically speaking, here's a couple of ways I've used high yield savings accounts. Well my wife and I were saving for house and we were, we were basically, it was a sinking fund but it was where we put a ton of money for our down payment and we went put a huge chunk down. We used a high Yield Savings Account. And we did, I looked up after 18 months, I couldn't believe how much interest we'd made. It was remarkable. Yes. Also, I use a high Yield Savings Account for I pay my, my taxes and insurance and lump payments every year. And so I basically pay a bill every month, but I put it into that high Yield Savings Account. And so it earns money over the course of the year and at the end of the year. I'm never surprised by something.


Right. That's right. And so those are two ways that we just use it in the Deloney household. And if you're wondering, well how are they able to offer these? Well, they're generally offered by online banks, which have lower overhead 'cause they don't have to create a thousand brick and mortars and hire a bunch of people. They can be a little more nimble and they can pass the savings onto you. So that's where you're gonna see these recently, John, I partnered on my YouTube channel with a company called Laurel Road, a great online bank. And they've got a, the A PY right now is 5.15%, which is impressive. And so if you guys wanna check that out, this is not like a sponsored segment, I just am a fan of what they do. Laurel road.com/george, you can check it out. And John, you use probably a different account for your high Yield. Yeah, my smart Vista Pro Craig with Swan Wealth Management, he put me in Cambridge Stone Castle and works.


It's, it's been in that, in that range and It's probably around 5%. Yeah. So Give or take. And it's been awesome. Here's Thing, don't go chasing like, oh well waterfalls this account waterfall. Don't go chasing waterfalls and don't go chasing the spread because you found another company that offers a 0.05% higher rate than you were getting it. The juice ain't worth the squeeze there. But the key is don't go with one of these scummy companies that are like part of like SoFi or Capital One. You're seeing a lot of these debt companies start to offer high yield savings accounts as a gateway drug to get you into their, you know, grimy little grubby fingers. Don't do that. So, you know, there's some credit unions out there that have some great high yield savings. Ally I think is one that Jade and Rachel have used. I use Laurel Road and John uses a different one.


The key here is it keeps your money safe. You wanna make sure it's FDIC insured, which means your deposits, if the bank collapses, you're going to keep your money safe up to two 50 for a single person per ownership category or 500,000 if it's a joint account. And the other thing is watch out for monthly maintenance fees. So that's one thing I love about Laurel Road. No monthly maintenance fees. No, you know, heebie GB minimum balance required here. You don't have to worry about that. So those are some of the things to look out for. We've got a great blog article on this. We're gonna link it in the show notes if you wanna Learn more about high yield savings accounts. Love It. Painless John. Painless. Let's get to a call. Isabelle is up next in New York City. What's going on Isabelle?


Hi Dave. So glad That I'm, that's what they call me. That he is Funny. He wishes he was Dave. Thank he wishes. Thank you. That's such a compliment. Oh, I'm sorry. It's okay. Happens to the best of us. He asks us when it's just us, he's like, Hey will you guys call me Dave? So we do. It's cool. What's up? Go ahead. Okay, so this is my question. Should I pay off my, my mortgage on my second home with the money that I originally saved for an emergency fund? What's in the emergency fund? How much? 160,000. What's Left on the mortgage? So I have two mortgages. One on my primary home, which is 57,000 and the other one is 52,000.


So you're telling me you could knock both of these out and still have like 50 grand left leftover? The answer That was basic math. It was rhetorical. Yeah, today Do it down. Pay them them both off today. Do it Right Now. If you were gonna drain your emergency fund down to $0, I would say, hey let's hold off, let's get, you know, leave three months in there. Anything beyond that we can chunk of the mortgages. But you can knock both mortgages out today. You, if you Paid four houses and 50 grand in the bank, Why? Okay. I was just saving some of that for the next car. 'cause I don't like, I, I like to pay for cars and cash. Good. Yes. Well here's the thing, a car is not an emergency to upgrade and car. You're gonna do it with cash and leave as much as you need in the emergency fund.


Three to six months of expenses. Create a different savings account for a car. 'cause what happens is people get confused over what an emergency is and all of a sudden you just bought, you know, a cruise to Cabo as an emergency. And here's what's also cool. You pay off those two houses today, they're worth more than that tomorrow if you Take, you're not losing that money. If You take that money and buy a new car, it's worth less tomorrow. Right? No, it won't be for a while. I just like to have that. I think you're so great at savings. Savings houses muscle is amazing and now it hurts to let go of that money. It feels like it's disappearing, doesn't it? Yeah, but It's not.


It's a four savings plan. 'cause guess what? You just freed up two mortgage payments that you can now throw into a savings account. Yeah. Wait until August one when you don't have any mortgage payments. It's gonna feel dope. Do it right now. What do those mortgage payments add up to? If you add a principal and interest on both mortgages, Principal, I like 35,000. 3,500 a month. A month For each. Each one. Yeah. So we're talking like 40 grand A year. No. So one is like 2000. Yeah. Right. And the money that I'm saving on, on the interest over four. What do make a year Isabelle? One 50 And my husband makes like one 50. So you guys were making 300 and this year you're gonna make three 40 thanks to the raise you just gave yourself because it's not going to the lenders anymore.


It's going to you. Bank of Isabelle, You just got a $40,000 a year raise. That's awesome. That's Awesome. Congratulations Chaing. Isabelle, I'm proud of you. Way to go. Pay it off. You're not gonna regret it. And if you do, we always joke you can go back into debt, but we haven't got that call yet. John. Yeah. Dear Bank, I hate owning my home outright. Gimme some cash so I can have something to pay every month. Yeah, I just need a challenge. I need the hustle. No thank you. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Thanks to Dr. John Delony, all the folks in the booth keeping the show afloat. And you America, we'll be back before you know it. Hey folks, Dave here and I know some of you listening to the show waiting for a call that answers your specific question.


Maybe you need help with budgeting or investing or saving your emergency fund. But wouldn't it be great if you could get the answers you need right when you need them? Well, I got great news for you 'cause you can, when you download the Ramsey Network app, you get our advanced AI search that lets you easily find the calls that matter to you. You can also browse by topic to find answers for the exact things you need help with. That means you don't have to simply hope the next call will be the one you've been waiting for because the Ramsey Network app lets you have control. And with over 7,000 hours of life-changing content, the Ramsey Network app is the best place to find the answers you are listening for.


to get access to personalized content for free, just search Ramsey Network in the app store today. Today from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions, this is The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by bestselling author Dr. John Delony, and we are here for you America to take your calls to help you take the right next step. The number is 8 8 8 two five five two two five. Betsy is gonna kick us off in Portland, Maine. Betsy, welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hi. Thank you. Absolutely. What's going on?


Yeah, well my question is, I was married 15 years with somebody and they just recently, well, two years ago, walked out and left me with everything to deal with and I kind of went through a a period of trying to fill that hole. So I am $20,000 in debt now and I don't know where to begin. I mean, I, I work 60 hours a week trying my best, but do I try to bank all my money and so I have it for retirement or should I pay off all my debt? Because my dream is really to own a home someday before it's too late.


I'm so sorry, Betsy, how long, how old are you now? 58. Okay. And any kids grown and gone or Grown? Grown? I grandchildren. So yes, I have no children home. It's just me. Do you have any family around? I do, yes. I have a daughter that lives close by and, and I have a son actually who made me start listening to Dave's show. He lives in Texas And Amen. Yeah, would love to have me down there, but it's so hot there. Amen. Hey, Betsy, did is did y'all go through a formal divorce?


No. No. I do not know what is going on around here, but I filed, it's been about a year and a half ago I filed and we still do not have a court date. We've gone to mediation and can't agree and we're still waiting for a court. Do you have an attorney? You know, and, and he is living with somebody already, so I would think they would rush it along, but I guess they, do you have a lawyer That point? Do you have a lawyer? I didn't because honestly, I don't think he really, he did all the, he paid all the bills and did all that and I just helped out here and there and put money away for Dream Home. And then I went through it all when I was kind of just left suddenly. But Betsy, he left you $20,000 in bills that you can't pay.


Well That a lot of that was my fault because, well, I had to pay the bills while he was gone and he has nothing I don't think he doesn't have any Yeah, but he doesn't get to just, he has no just opt out and stop paying bills. That's not an option For Oh, I know. I know, but, so that's why You need need some legal lawyer, But Okay, so let's, let's, let's, let's head this off like right this second, okay? Okay. Are you in, because you're, here's the deal. You're gonna have to change a switch. You're gonna have to flip a switch from I just got run over by a truck. I love this person for a decade and a half and probably you've been through some things in your life and you let yourself believe again.


And you knew things were a little bit shifty and a little bit shady. But you man, you let yourself love this guy and he absolutely sets your heart on fire. Right? Exactly Right. Okay. Yeah, correct. Not by your hand, but in your lap. Here we are, you're 58, you're working 60 hours a week, you owe 20 grand and you wanna own a house someday. Yeah. I'm telling you this 'cause I love you. You're gonna have to flip a switch from victim. I just got hit in the mouth to you watch me. Right. And if, if, if I I know, that's easy to say I know that's easy for me. Just to say And It sounds like an Instagram post, but I'm telling you that's gonna be the difference between you not owing anybody any money this time next year or you being $40,000 in debt this time next year and trying to find some guy that you know is not good for you to move in with you.


You see what I'm saying? Oh yeah. Like just repeating the cycle again. Yeah. And that is the thing though, I'm such a strong person that it And, It just, it was like so out of his character, it was, he did a 180. I mean, it was like, I never, ever, ever, you know, coming. So it was such a shock. I wasn't prepared. I had, I thought he was like that. I could have been squirreling money away from 15 years. But I But Betsy, when someone, when someone leaves you, when someone cheats on you, we often hear that, but we think it's gonna hurt 'cause of the betrayal. But often the most painful part is you lose trust in yourself. Right. I should have seen this coming. I should have put money away.


I know. I know. But Betsy, listen, listen, we don't have a psychology for when someone we love. We, we know people stab us at the back. We know enemies are out to get us. We don't have a psychology when someone we love stabs us in the face. And that's what happened. And so Right when that happens, you gotta just put your hands done and grieve it. Right? Right. Absolutely. And then you have to ask yourself that terrifying question. What am I gonna do now? I know. Yeah. So let's walk through some tactical things. Betsy, you got $20,000 total in debt. Yes. What Kind of debt? Credit cards. Mostly a loan, a small loan and, and credit cards.


I, I just was so Myself, I was this, was this grief spending or did you have to cover the gap in bills? Absolutely. Okay. It was both. It was both. Can you cover your bills today And Boths? Yeah. I'm making like, I'm making decent money. Okay. What are you making that I, matter of fact, I wrote it down because I had just got my six month thing this year. I should make around 67,000. Wonderful. And for a single person, it's not bad around here. That's incredible. You're amazing. Okay, so here's the deal. We can get out of this debt. So borrowing whatever happens with the mediation and is he gonna pay, is there alimony? Is there back pay? I don't know what's gonna happen there, but I can tell you right how Betsy can get outta this mess and move on with her life regardless.


Do you have any savings? Okay, that, I'm sorry. Do You have any savings right now? Any, any things, Anything in savings in the bank? Oh, not really. No. No. Okay. Maybe $500. I mean, that's so sad, isn't it? Okay. And I do have I just got a 401k at least. Okay, well, don't invest money in the 401k. You need to be focused on this debt temporarily until it's knocked out. And in Macon 67, how much margin could you throw at the debt every month? So if you make minimum payments on everything you cover, your four walls, your food, utilities, shelter, transportation, how much money can you throw on top of the debt? On top of the minimum payments every month on the smallest one?


Well, I, I'm, I'm with this new job that brings in probably three 12, Let's say. That's how much are your bills every month? Month. Then your basic bills to cover your needs. Is it two grand, three grand basic Bills? Appro? Yeah. No rent. They rent cable lights around 1800. Okay. That's not food or anything like that. So let's say you're bringing home 4,000, there should be about $2,000 you could throw with this debt if you got focused, right? God. Yeah. And yes. So now think about that basic math. $2,000 for 10 months is $20,000, which Means Oh yeah. Oh, that makes you feel a little better.


Good. That's exactly what hope does. It makes you feel a little better. 'cause go, right, that's, you're gonna be debt free within a year And Uber. Uber on Saturday and Sunday and it's gonna be awful. And they get this thing done in six months And then that build up your emergency fund of three to six months of expenses, then we can begin investing in the 401k 15%. I'm gonna send you Financial Peace University, Betsy, it's gonna walk you through all of this in detailed. And this is the seven baby steps that have helped millions and you are next. And I'm so pumped for you. Hang on the line. Christian's gonna pick up. We're gonna send you Financial Peace University as our gift to say we believe in Betsy. Thanks for the call. this is The Ramsey Show.


Don't rely on politicians or the healthcare system to do what you can do for yourself. We teach personal responsibility on The Ramsey Show, and that's why I'm excited to tell you how you can take your family's health into your own hands. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company, I got mine. And I can tell you this is not some rinky-dink first aid kit with band-aids. It comes with real prescriptions prepared by leading doctors to treat over 30 common illnesses. This kit can treat infections like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and bronchitis. You have the prescriptions on hand, like a z-pack, amoxicillin, or ivermectin. And if you start your meds faster, you get well faster. The kit gives you peace of mind. No doctor visits, no pharmacy lines, no co-pays. Wellness Company medical emergency kits help put you in control of your family's health. So go to urgent care kit.com/ramsey, answer a few online questions and get your kit rushed to your door. Use the promo code Ramsey for a 15% discount at checkout. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Promo code Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Maloney. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. If you're enjoying the show now or anytime, do us a quick favor. It's completely free. It'll take you a second and share the show. Consider hitting the subscribe button. Leave a review, hit the follow button. That means the world to us. You guys are our best marketing plan. And. It is working. More and more people are hearing about the show. They're getting hope, they're changing their life, and it's because of you guys. And if you're on Spotify, here's a really cool thing you can do. Just tap on today's episode of The Ramsey Show and there's gonna be a little poll right there. And let us know how you first heard about The. Ramsey Show. It's a big help to our team to know where to focus their efforts.


So just go to Spotify, click on the episode and take the one button Poll means a lot. All right, let's continue on with Franklin in Miami. What's going on Franklin? Hey, how you doing? Doing Well. What's going on? Alright, so I I, I, I got myself in a bind, probably a total about six 50 in debt. What is it, man? Currently it's, it's a little bit that includes the mortgage. I took a heat lock out, got a couple of credit cards, hospital bills.


The thing is, I, I was, I, I had a very, in the beginning, I had a very savvy, like, thought process, you know, trying to take some money out and invest. I mean, real estate, I do wholesaling and that was like the, the brunt of my income. I, I got into a little health situation at the end of Last year. I had to do open heart surgery. Mm. And then starting in January and February, it took some time for me to get the ball back rolling. But business hasn't been as it as it was. And just like right now, I'm, I'm, I'm literally right now as I'm talking to you guys, I'm pulled over on the side of the road. 'cause I just got, just got done picking up a, a Uber Eats order just to, just to supplement my, my household income.


I'm married, I have five kids, my wife will stay at home 'cause we have a, we have a 1-year-old, but as of as of right now, you know, we're trying to, trying to, you know, just trying to bring more income into the, into, into the house. Yeah. I Can speak directly in your phone for us. We're having a little bit of a hard time hearing you. Alright, sorry about That. No, it's all good. Is that better? So you are, you're doing side hustles right now to supplement the wholesaling stuff, which is in panning out. You got five kids, wife stays at home with the kids. You've got credit cards, medical debt, HELOC, mortgage. It all adds up to six 50. If you removed the mortgage and the heloc, what is, what's the consumer debt section? How much does that add up to Consumer debt?


I would say probably about 60 and credit card. And then after that is like hospital bills, you know, since we have, we have like a, we probably have like another 60 to 70 in hospital bills and that hospital bill just being different, different things. I know my heart, my heart surgery bought in some bills. Our, our, one of our second to youngest daughters, her, her birth wasn't covered by the insurance. So we had to pay for That. Do you have insurance right now? Yeah, we have insurance right now. Health insurance. Okay. Is it just marketplace? My wife, my, my, say That again. Is it just marketplace health insurance? Who is it through?


My wife is on marketplace. I'm on private. Okay. I imagine that's very expensive, right? Yeah. Okay. I think we need some stable core income. And that might mean you need a career change. If Wholesaling's not working out, I think you need to do something full-time with benefits to kind of get a, get your head above water. Especially with five kids. Yeah, that's What, Does that sound right? Because Wholesaling Yeah, that's not, because wholesaling was pretty good. Like for the past five years, I've, I've, you know, I've, I've been, What were you making? Well, over a hundred. I was Last year, I was at one Last year. I was at 1 37 before year before that I was at like one 50.


Before that I was at one 90. And then 2020 I was like, was one of my biggest years at two 50. So amazing. Steadily decreasing. But, and even now I'm still actively doing it. Like I have some deals in the pipeline. I got one closing scheduled for next week and I'm working on another potentially by, in the name of Jesus. I got a, a, a six figure deal that I'm negotiating. But it's, you know, it's like you said it, it's not stable, you know. Hey, unfortunately I don't have a team. I'm working by myself. I'm doing my own calls. I don't have any cold callers calling for me. So Hey Franklin, Franklin, I can hear how tired you are. Yeah, I got two kids and I don't even know what day it is.


I can't imagine having five, not to mention a wife staying at home, not to mention, mention all these deals. Yeah, I can hear it all. You my oldest is college I. know I know you thought this whole thing was gonna look different. I'm telling you right now, and George will back me up on this with your character, the kind of guy you are. And I know this because you got fi you're a, you're a dealer, you know how to set up deals and wheel 'em and talk 'em and move them. But you're also a good man and you're on the side of the road because you're working Uber Eats so that your family, you can provide for your family.


You're a man of character and I know that's who you are. And you gotta believe me when I tell you, if you work that hard and you're as smart as you are and you're as good at working with people as I know you are, there's not a lot of jobs you won't get involved with. Or you're not making 150 grand at the end of the day, that's who you are. You could start a car washing business tomorrow and in 18 to 24 months you'd be making that kind of money 'cause that's how you work and that's how you honor people. But you're locked into this, like the wholesale game was so crazy in 2020 and now you're just chasing ghosts, man. You know what I'm saying?


Like it's never gonna be like that again. It was a wild, weird moment in history. And It feels like, okay, but the next deal and the one next deal, and like you just said, now we're, now we're on our hands and knees praying to the grace of Jesus. This deal goes through and George and I want you to have stability, man, so you can play with your kids and you can sleep in your own house and pay your bills. Does that make sense? Yeah. And right now you're staring at a mountain Franklin, what I want you to do is disconnect the HELOC in the mortgage for a second and just focus on this consumer debt. If you got back to making one 50 in the next six months, how quickly could you pay off 120,000 in that consumer debt? Less than two years, you could throw 60 at it, right? Making one 50 cover the bills, the rest goes the debt.


That's the one thing you're focused on. And so I don't think you're too far, you know, you're not too far gone. You don't need to file bankruptcy. You're gonna hustle your way out of this just like you did to get to where you are with this wholesale business. but it's gonna take, it's gonna take a little while. And, It might mean you gotta tell the credit card companies, Hey listen, here's what I can pay you right now. It might mean you gotta negotiate with the medical bills and go, listen, I don't have the income that I had before. I'm doing my best. Here's what I can pay you right now. But the most important thing to do is cover the four walls. They don't get paid before you put food on the table. The utility bills are covered and you've got your housing covered and your transportation. Got it. Yeah. Can you afford this house or is it time to sell this, this 500,000 house?


That, that's, that's, that's what I'm thinking. We bought it in Covid, we bought it in Covid at a great price. Two 50 low interest rate. Okay. But then I, I tacked on, I tacked on the heloc and the HELOC is one 50. What's it worth right now? Maybe five 20. So if you sold for five 20, what would you walk away with after paying the mortgage fees and the HELOC ballpark Conservatively maybe one, 100. Yeah, That sounds awfully close to getting completely debt free, doesn't it? You'd pay off the medical bills and credit cards.


So I think that's, that's the backup plan. If we don't get income up soon, that needs to be the next step. And I would sell this house. Dude, I'm just telling you what I would do, brother. I'd sell this house and I would put $50,000 in a high Yield Savings Account. So I know I've got my, my rent covered and I'd go rent a place and kids can share rooms. I shared a room growing up and somehow I survived. Your kids can share rooms, y'all can make it work. And you'll have six months of rent in a high Yield Savings Account. So you know I'm gonna be okay on that front and that you got too much house and not enough money coming in. And it's gonna give you a chance to control Alta League, the career move and then make your next move. Whether that's going to become the manager of a Walmart or a local restaurant, or going to start your own plumbing.


I don't know what your, what your skillset is, And what you wanna do. But man, you're, you work too hard and you're too much of a man of character to just be stuck on the side of the road like you are right now trying to get into this wholesaling flipping game, man. I just get, you've got too much to offer to your neighborhood and to your family and to yourself to, to stay in this game anymore. We gotta restart with peace. And that might mean selling the house because right now this is not sustainable and it's stressful and you got a little starry-eyed, you got a little greedy and we can reset and move forward with peace. Hang on the line. I'm gonna send you my book, breaking Free from Broke to give you some hope along the way. this is The Ramsey Show.


There aren't many places you can save hundreds of dollars a month and still give you great service, especially with health insurance. That's why Health Trust Financial is the only health insurance company Ramsey recommends Health Trust. Financial objectively compares the top health insurance providers to meet your needs and budget. And remember, the service is free and there's no commitment. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com Health Trust Financial dot com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Deone. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Our question of the day comes from Amber in South Carolina. What's she got to say, John? Alright, Amber writes, I was recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder and I'm on medication and I see a great therapist. My husband and I have a healthy savings fund and our only debt is our home mortgage. Where I need advice is how do I get out of a car mess? I've lost us a lot of money with car depreciation. I'll just stop. No you didn't. Cars depreciate. It's what they do. Maybe you bought a new car or a fancy car and it's depreciated a lot, but you didn't do that. It's just what cars do.


I drive an extremely expensive car that's worth more than my annual income, but not our household income. All right, there we go. So you drive a fancy pants car that is depreciated. I want to drive a cheaper car and move away from the luxury brands that I love. But I'm afraid if I go to a dealership, it will trigger me into purchasing a new expensive vehicle. Please help. Well, I think this goes with a, I'll just shout out Amber, like we had a caller in in a recent episode. Good for you. this is amazing. Taking your medication, getting the professional help and care that you need and recognizing where you need to put hurdles in your life. And this doesn't just apply to people with bipolar disorder, this applies to all of us.


I have a hard time walking by a jar of jelly beans without eating 70 to 80% of it. So sometimes I have to take a different lap around our, our office because sweet Caitlin puts out those a whole fish bowl of That's True. If I ever can't find John, I just leave a trail of jelly beans leading to my desk. Chocolate peanut butter cups or whatever. Yeah, I have to take a different route and that's okay. I but I know I I gotta put a her in front of myself. And Amber, you're here too. So I think there's a couple of ways you can do this. Number one, your husband can come with you and he can be on the car purchase, like with, with you, which I think he should be, be on the title with you when you buy a car.


And he will be the person who can help you. And, and for lack of a better way of saying this, protect you from yourself. Another way to do that is to go out and look at cars and make sure you intentionally leave any way that you have to pay at home and go out to just look and then go home. And if you and your husband decide this is the car we want, then you can call them in most, most car dealerships, almost every car dealership now will deliver the car to you, the one that you want. They won't upsell you, they won't try to force you in anything like that. And so those are two things I would do. What, what other ideas you got George? You buy more cars than me. Wow. Yes. Multiple cars, John.


Well Number one. Our car rule, just so everyone knows, here's the parameter. And it's not to be legalistic, it's just so that you don't get in over your head with a depreciating asset is you don't want all things with wheels and motors to add up to more than half of your annual income. That includes motorbikes, boats, cars, trucks, RVs, mobile, Whatever, mobile homes, whatever. So To that end, not mobile homes. It may not be more than your half. I don't know, you said your car is more than your income. I don't know what your husband's income is. So there's a variable there. The, if you do wanna get rid of it because you have so much shame and regret and you're going, I gotta downgrade. You need to come up with a difference in cash if you're underwater. So if you owe, let's say you owe 30 on the car, it's only worth 20.


Well you need to have $10,000 cash in order to pay off the loan and clear the title. So that's one option. Then you go pay cash for the next car if you're gonna go that route. That's how to do it. If you want to go get a different car, a used car. One way to stop yourself from getting triggered by the new car dealerships is to not go to a new car dealership, go find an independent used car dealership and do all of your research online so you know your budget, you find the car, contact them and say, Hey, I want this car. Is that available? What's the out the door price? That's what you're looking for. Don't let them nickel and dime you with all these warranties. And we're gonna put nitrogen in the tires, whatever stupid crap they do. And dock fees say, this is the price I'm gonna pay this price plus sales tax.


And once you find that, that dealership get the deal done and then you can go pick it up or have it delivered. Like John said, if you don't want to go in the dealership lot, but to John's end, you do not go alone. You have your husband there, you have your budget. You know what, write out the check ahead of time for the, for your budget. You're out the door budget price, then you can't be tempted to go into the financing office and have 'em go, no, no, no. But do you understand? We'll give you a thousand bucks off if you finance with us in your brain. Here's what most people do, John. Well, it's a good idea. And then we'll just pay it off later and it'll be one, it's a no brainer. We're gonna really stick it to the man. No, they've already stuck it to you. So there's some fail safes you can put in place those hurdles John talked about to help you with this. But I think it, the key here is you've gotta pre-decide we're not gonna buy a new car.


I, I love the I. had a buddy's dad who did that back when we were in our early college years, man. I just remember him saying, I just wrote a checkout at home. And then he looked in the newspaper, saw a car and said, I'll pay that for it. Wrote a check out, walked in and said, I wanna give you that for that. I'm gonna hand the check. I'm gonna give you this check for that car. And they're like, well, you know, he's like, I wanna give you this check for that car. He came home in that car. Yep. He came home in that car. And you gotta be able to walk away. You've Gotta have willpower when you walk onto those dealerships. 'cause salespeople are trained to convince you to buy. Yeah. And do it their way with the financing. They always put you in the financing office. Well, you still have to go to the financing office and they're gonna pitch you.


Like I had a call when they went, Hey, this is the financing office. We wanna know why, why are you paying cash? I went, well, I don't do debt. They went, I, I don't understand. It makes so, it makes so much more sense to, to you should lease leasing is actually the smart way to buy a car. And I went, you don't know who you're talking to and I don't have the time to explain it. I'm not doing this goodbye. We've agreed on the price. Hey, my favorite one was not the last car I bought, but the one before that. The guy looked at me and said, Hey, you know, here's a sheet of the projected repairs this car's gonna have. So your best option to scare you into the ones. And I said, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Are you telling me this car's gonna fall apart within the year? He's like, well no, no, it's a great, and I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. You just told me that I'm gonna how amazing.


Thousands of dollars I'm outta here dude. And he goes, no, no, it's a good car. And I knew it was a great car and I said, I'm not buying any of your warranties. And he stopped, he looked at him and he goes, why? Like I was the idiot. And I said, 'cause I have cash in my bank account and I'll take care of 'em if and when they show up. And by the way, I've had that car for four years now. None. Zero of the issues anticipated big repairs that Are coming. Yep. And that's the power of having values and principles and pre-deciding and having the accountability of bringing someone with you. Yeah. 'cause they can talk you outta that when the guy zeroes in on you and you lose willpower. But thanks for the question, Juno's. Up next in Memphis, Tennessee, what's going on Juno? How can we help today? Thank y'all for taking the call. First of all, I gotta say this is not gonna be as interesting as, as half of the people I've heard from The show.


Thank God. Thank God Juno. We need some straight talk from Juno in Memphis. This, This will be easy. My son just graduated high school, started an electrician apprenticeship. He's never had a job. So, and now he's making 500 hours a week. Bring it home. 500 a week, you know, with this apprenticeship that goes up every year. I'm not, I'm not sure how much it'll go up, but basically he's a blank slate. And, and I don't know, I haven't succeeded financially so to speak, but I want him to. So given a blank slate, what does he do with this? $500 a week? He currently has no bills. He's still living at home.


So can I tell you the greatest gift you can give him? Go for it. We we're, we're gonna send you as our gift, we're gonna send you EveryDollar app from hi for him and for you. And we'll also send you both Financial Peace University, but you have to promise me you'll make him watch it. Okay. Okay. So we've got the info taken care of. I did a practicum with a buddy who's about 10 years younger than me, and he was this real famous psychologist. He's a smart, smart man. Long story short, we were working with traumatized kids and one of the young men that we were meeting with a really young kid was saying some pretty awful things about women. And I also had a 2-year-old son at the time, and he wasn't old enough to speak or anything, but as we were going from room to room, I looked at, at the, at my professor who's, and I said, Hey, what are you supposed to tell?


What are you supposed to tell little boys so that they'll respect women? And he laughed and he said something that has stuck with me. And this is years ago. He said, he laughed and he goes, you can tell 'em whatever you want. Kids don't listen to you. They watch you. And if you're telling me, Hey, I haven't done the best job, the greatest gift you can give your kid is to take him to breakfast, to a local Waffle House and sit down across the table and say, I'm gonna be honest with you son, I'm gonna tell you something. I've never, I never told anybody I didn't do this. Well, I didn't budget well. I put our family in some, in some hot water. this is dad being vulnerable to son and then dad doing this.


I'm gonna start living differently. And I wanna encourage you as you start your life to come with me. Here is the EveryDollar app I'm gonna give you for a year courtesy of our friends over at Ramsey. And I want you to watch the FPU videos with me and we are gonna make a budget together and we're gonna, he's gonna get to watch his old man change, which is one of the greatest gifts a father can give his son. That's the way to go Listen tickets for the live like no one else Cruiser selling fast. this is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees.


We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony. You've heard us mention EveryDollar on this show and shows previous. If you're wondering what that is, that is an app that arch team created to help you live out the Ramsey plan. this is an intentional spending plan. We created a very sophisticated and yet simple way to take control of the money for you to make the most of it.


And that's what it does. You list out your income at the top every single month before the month begins, list out your expenses and watch the margin happen, watch you achieve your goals by just simply focusing on it. And so you can download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play today. And I recommend you do. It's fantastic. All right, let's get to the lines. Janice awaits in Lexington, Kentucky. Janice, what's going on? Hi. So I have family in Louisiana actually and we just found out that pretty much all of our parents are sick. Me and my husband, his mom just recently had to have surgery so she needs help.


My dad just got diagnosed with cancer. My mom is still going through a lot of health stuff and his dad has really bad diabetes to where he's about to lose a foot. Oh. And we also have $50,000 in debt and we were in the middle of paying that when we got all these calls simultaneously at once. I guess they all just got together and decided to get sick together. But so my, my question is do I I pay off this debt and wait a little longer to move or do I save up all that I can and move in December, which is when my dad is gonna start his treatments, when his dad will start, you know, physical therapy and stuff like that for us to help them.


What happens with your jobs? Are you both remote to where you could just make this move easily or do you need to find new jobs? So I, so my husband is able to relocate. I am a baker and I actually own a bakery. I don't really focus on it right now. I have a job where I make about 45, 40 to 45,000 depending on the day. And then I was planning on just focusing on my bakery 'cause I have a lot of friends and family in Louisiana. So you could restart the bakery business there. He can relocate. So this is pretty easy. Yeah, it's, it'll be, you know, a kind of, sort of a, a easier transit.


Do you guys have a house to sell or you renting? We're renting right now. Okay. And you'd rent somewhere in Louisiana or would you stay with family? So I would rent in Louisiana and my dad has been talking about helping us with a down payment for a house. So Janice, what does, this is a lot of information you took on all at once. What does help look like in your mind? Like help? Yeah, Like you said, you're gonna move to help them. So we often, when we, when there's a hurricane, when there's all kinds of a family storm, we wanna jump in and solve stuff, but y'all don't have the money to pay bills.


And so is this about, like, is this about taking 'em to their appointments? Like what, where do you, what do you envision help being? 'cause this is a huge mess. So I will be taking, well, just spending more time with my dad, really helping him around the house, helping with the kids because I do have a younger, a younger brother and sister. Sorry, I, I'm nervous. No, It's okay. You're okay. And you guys have no kids? I Do have a younger, we do not have kids. I've actually been going to the doctor myself to try and get my help in order as well.


Okay. What does your husband make? My husband makes anywhere between 45 and 48 and he gets a raise every 18 months. So here in right after we move, he is gonna to get another raise. Okay. My fear is that you guys move, you basically lose your income because you're full-time caretaker essentially. And we're now trying to live off his income while trying to pay off $50,000 of debt and you guys can't pay your bills and your stress while trying to take care of ailing family members. Is that a reasonable scenario? That could be true. I mean, yeah, and, and like I said, I have, I have basically a job if I wanted to waiting for me there as a nanny and when I was working for them, I was making about as much as I'm making now.


Okay. So I could easily, easily supplement this income with that. That would be my caveat. I think if you wanna make this move to be close to family, that's fine. But don't let it slow down your snowball progress knocking out this debt. Or let me, yeah, lemme say it this way. You are not gonna be the help that you can be and you want to be to your family members. If you move across the country and ride up and you're barely able to make rent and you are stressed and you're sick and your marriage falls apart too. Okay? So I want you and your husband, if y'all make this move, it's, I think it's noble. I think it's great. And I think December is a great time to do this.


I probably wouldn't, George, tell me if I'm wrong here. I'd probably go into stork mode. I'd, I'd start stacking cash as much as we, I would try to stack as much cash as humanly possible. If I was you, I would bake my fingers off, not literally because I'd be gross if somebody ate that, but I would bake and bake and bake and bake and bake and bake and then drive on the weekends. I would do whatever we could to stack up as much cash as possible. And then I would make this move for as inexpensively as possible. Meaning I'd leave you got junky old furniture, I'd leave it and get some junky old furniture when you get to, to Louisiana. I, I've already told him like I am selling everything we can. Good the washer and dryer. We're gonna to get a mattress, vacuum bags for the mattress by the way.


We can vacuum it up good and put it right back into that box. Once you've got your moving expenses save ever bring, you got, you know, first month deposit save. Maybe you even move in with family to save money on the front end. I don't know what that looks like for your situation, but that could be a way to where you're able to make progress on the debt and be with family at the same time. At least as you start, when you make this move, then you guys can figure out where you're gonna rent. But I want y'all two to yeah, y'all to sit down and make a plan. Here's how much money we're gonna make. Here's the job. Not just, oh, I got one waiting for me. No, no, no. Here's the job. I've called those people. I start on this day, here's what the payment the salary's gonna be and we're gonna make a budget that way. We're gonna be able to pay our bills that way. And then once we are anchored in and we're safe, we're gonna be able to help our family members as much as we can with the resources that we have.


We're not going to drown ourselves trying to help people because then we're no good to help them out. And John, how do you address this issue where we wanna make this movie wanna help, we're not in a position to do so, but you know, there's ailing family members over there and you just wanna do something and you wanna at least be with him physically. How do you help people navigate that? Yeah, There's only so much we can do. Like Mention, it goes back to the great Dr. Young who trained me on crisis response. He, he always reminded me, you walk as often as you can to a chaotic situation. And that's not always practical, but the idea being, if somebody comes in and says, Hey, there's an emergency over there.


And I go, ah, and I sprint and run over there, I've brought my chaos to an already chaotic situation. If I say, okay, I'm coming to help and I walk and I drop my shoulders and I breathe, I bring peace and calm to a chaotic situation. And if you see well, well trained special forces guys, man, they are smooth, right? They're smooth because their Heart rate doesn't change. They've trained on this. They bring, they bring like stability and peace to chaotic situations. And so this is just another version of that. Mom, sick dad, sick dad, sick. Like everybody's ah, ah, let's move, sell everything and run. And we've just brought chaos to an already chaotic situation that's different than honey.


Let's go out this weekend and we're gonna map out what a budget's gonna be. We're gonna map, map out how much money could we save between now and December. We're gonna save it like mad. We're gonna open up a high Yield, Savings, Account, we're gonna dump it all in there. We're gonna get rid of everything. We're gonna move with our two cars and nothing else 'cause we're not gonna pay for movers and we'll figure out nightstands and whatever off off Facebook marketplace when we get there, we are gonna bring peace and calm to a chaotic situation. We're gonna have our lives anchored in so that we can then show up and be present with our hurting parents. Mm. That's the beauty of the Ramsey plan. If not if, but when life hits you, be ready. You gotta keep your plan. Have the margin and freedom to just go do it. You've got the money, you've got the peace. You don't owe people anything. That's the power of that.


Good hour. John, thank you to all the folks in the booth keeping the show afloat and you America, thank you so much for listening. We'll be back real soon. From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions, it's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell. Join this hour by my good friend, some say best friend, Dr. John Delony. And we are taking your calls at triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in and we'll talk about your life, your money, your relationships right in front of you for the good of the group because we all want to grow. We all need some hope. We all need to cheer each other on. And that's what we do here on The Ramsey Show.


All right, peon is gonna join us up first in Vancouver. What is going on? Peon? Hi. Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking my call. I'm drowning and I really need help of you guys. I can explain and start with my depth or wherever you want me to start. You tell us what, what's what? You said you're drowning. That, that's pretty aggressive. Let's start there. What, do you mean by that? Me and my wife, she, we making around 300 k growth every, every year. We live in Canada, Vancouver, my monthly fixed cost kind of, I can line it up for you.


My mortgage payment is 7,200 bucks. Property tax, 420. I'm leasing a instrument saxophone 50 bucks. Gym cost 150 groceries, 2000 utility. I paid three 50 car loans. I pay a thousand bucks. Water city cost two 50 and insurance for my house. And the two cars about $530. So right about like 12 k of my cost. And what's your take home pay every month?


Right now my take home is about 8,500. My wife, Why is it so, oh okay. I thought it was combined. I got scared. No, no. My wife's take home was 4K before she leave for maternity leave. We have 10 months old baby. She's not willing to go back before year and a half. So right now she's making 1600 bucks gross from insurance employment. And I'm making 2K on the rental property that I like. It's, I have a mortgage helper in my house, a two bedroom that I'm renting out.


Okay, what are you making from the rental? 2K 2000, 2000. So that's extra on top of your 8,500. So currently as it stands, if your wife continues down this road, Hey I'm, I'm not gonna go back to work full-time right now I'm making 1600. You guys are spending more than you make, correct? That's correct, yes. I can see why you are drowning my friend. Okay, let's try to develop a game plan here. Number one. Your mortgage is the glaring problem here. So this, here's the story. Two years ago I bought this house 1.4 million on and the payment was around 5,400.


5,400. I was, okay, so I was a variable. Now I'm, I'm paying 7,200. You have to sell your house pen almost. You have to sell your house. It's too much In October. I can reduce it back with the fixed cost. I mean fixed rates of 4%. I can bring it down to maybe 5800, 5900. It's still half your income. You have to sell your house. It's still over half your income. So it's not gonna solve the problem. Our parameter for housing is 25% of take home pay. And right now you're at 60% and you're saying, hey, one day maybe we can get it down to 55. It's not gonna be a sustainable solution. You guys simply have too much house for even with an amazing income that you have or had.


It's still a lot of mortgage for where you're at. And obviously the car loans are the other glaring problem. Now, if you sold these cars, could you get out of this thing or you underwater on them? The explanation for my car is stupid. I'm still calling a stupid choice. But I found this rebate from the government. I'm, I'm an on-road salesperson. So only thing I can write off is my car expenses and the home office expenses. Last year I found this rebate from the government that I, I bought this car for 70 5K and I wrote off 63 K of it.


So my return was on tax was $30,000, which I have 10 and I already offend 20. No one built wealth through tax savings. The problem is you're throwing away a thousand bucks right now plus interest on all of this while you're drowning. So, you know, I think at every turn we were like, hey, this is gonna be the life hack. We're gonna rent out this room, the government's gonna gimme a tax break and we're gonna get out of this thing. And then life happened. You had a baby, which is a wonderful thing. And your wife said, I don't want to go back to work right now. And it's putting you guys in a bind. I'm assuming you guys aren't on the best of terms 'cause you want her to go back to work 'cause you feel the pain of the finances and she's going, I wanna be with this baby. Right? I'm, I'm okay with her staying, staying out of work, but I don't want her to go back to regular job that she has.


I really want her to open up the smallest business that she can. Like we need a corporate company that I can write off some of expenses. I think that's the way I like go. Where Are you getting this idea that you're gonna write off your way into building wealth and getting out of this debt? I don't think writeoffs are a solution to your problems. You have to sell your million dollar house and your $75,000 year car. You can't afford 'em. Man, Right now in Vancouver, I'm, I'm buying this house is a suburban house. And, it's 20 years old. Dude. I know it's chaos. It's chaos. Expensive in the Market. Yeah, I cannot defend or explain what the heck is happening in Canada. Don't worry If I, if I sell this house today and I go, I don't know if I, for example, I found a ransomware.


The two bedroom, the smallest apartment goes for 4K, four 500 bucks. Guess what? 4K is actually a reasonable amount for you to pay. And you might have to do that. And you're not throwing away money on rent. That's you building back a foundation. 'cause right now you told us you're drowning. And the reason is not because of a write off or whatever the reason is because 60% of your take home pay is going toward the mortgage. Using your words brother. You're in the ocean floating. Yeah. And you used to be on a really nice boat and somebody just correct, just somebody just rode up next to you in a canoe and you're like, yeah, I'm not getting, getting into that. That's not really how we roll. And they, and they roll, they, they they, yeah, you're right. They paddled away and then a small fisherman came by and a small little john boat and you're like, yeah, that's, that boat's gross.


I'm not getting into that boat. And the whole time, brother, you're still bobbing in the ocean. My cat, my calculation could be off, but 7,200 bucks that I'm paying right now, I can break it down to 6,000. If I go fixed rate right now, if, and then I'm making 2K on the rent and that's gonna put me on the 4K. Same, same spot again. Do You remember 24 months ago when Canada shut down, Shut down. I don't mean mean The whole country stopped spinning and people who were renting decided to not pay and they didn't have to.


Do you remember that? True? Yeah. Just a minute ago. Your life is teetering on this one tenant and if they leave and you can't find another or they don't pay, this whole plan falls apart. We need a sustainable plan that doesn't involve this side rental business. So either you need to get your core income up or we need to sell, downsize and rent for a while, get rid of the debt and restart. But no more tax write offs. No more justifying, no more the government's gonna do this. We've gotta figure out a plan that works for the future of your family. And I wish you the best. And I know Canada, the numbers John are astounding in Canada. I know it's madness. The housing's madness. I can't fix that. But you've gotta make a choice and you gotta choose reality. And the reality is this is unsustainable.


Thanks for the call Pam on. this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey folks, there's a lot of half-baked investing advice out there. But here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart investor connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Maloney. As you guys know, this is a call in show. You call triple eight eight two five five two two five while we're on air. If you're lucky, you get patched through to Dr. John. If you're unlucky, you get Ken. I'm kidding. But here's how this works. Occasionally we'll get voicemails when we're off air and we thought it'll be fun to actually play one of those voicemails. Sometimes we get to schedule these calls, John, and sometimes like today we're gonna do a new segment called, sorry, we missed your call. So explain how this works, John, what are we gonna do next? Well, like when you call me, I just don't answer and then I see you in person. I'm like, ah, sorry I missed your call.


This isn't that case. We get, we get, we get cards and letters and countless thousands and thousands of direct messages and emails and we get phone calls calling in to The, Ramsey, Show. And they leave messages on the machine. So we're gonna play one of those messages here and then we're gonna answer it. All right, let's get into this. Sorry we missed your call. Hello. I'm a huge fan of Dave Ramsey. I've got a net worth of roughly eight to $9 million. And my wife is totally frustrated with me that I only have one pair of shoes. I wear them everywhere. I wear them with suits, I wear them to go on the boat, I wear them everywhere and I won't spend any money.


She's like, you make a hundred thousand a month. She thinks I'm crazy, but I'm paranoid. I just don't want to spend any money. I'm always thinking about the future. And I think that's how I got to where I am because I've been this way for 30 years. Have a good day. What an amazing call. That's one of my favorites. My favorite line is she thinks I'm crazy. I'm paranoid, which is, yep. Alright. I also love The Dr Seuss vibe he had, he was like, I have one pair of shoes. I wear them with suits, I wear them with boots, I wear them on boats. I wear them Shoes, I wear them with toots. All right, so here's the deal.


When it comes to wearing one pair of shoes everywhere, I'd like to call you my hero. I'm down to two pair. I'm one that I run in and one that I wear everywhere. And you're a hero of mine. I switch pairs midday. I have my evening shoes. Oh My gosh, he does. I Get home in my house. Slippers have Cream for his shoes. It's just the whole thing. But this, This feels kind of Disgusting. Disgusting. You told me earlier today the name of your shoes. Yeah. You don't know the model. The, you get like a make and model because a fan out there said John Love, love the dunks. And John had no idea what this man was saying. I said, John, those are Nike dunks. That's the, it's the model. It's fine. John is a man of simple Takes.


this is why you struggle with, with, with friendships. So I, Hey, here's the, I love this. Here's the challenge. You are living a out of a heart and head space of scarcity. And so there's this illusion that it's all coming down past the point where it's rational. And so when we talk about emotional health, do we continue to feel things that are no longer real and the data is, proves it out in front of us, yet we continue, our body continues to sound the alarms as though these things are coming at us right away. Right? Put in a, in a quick high Yield Savings. Account at 5%, what's, what's $8 million?


Oh, what it would grow. Yeah, a year. Okay, so like just sticking $8 million just, just That's 400 grand a year, which is 400 grand a year. That's not bad, right? He's Now he's put you in the top 1% of Earners. He said he's making a hundred thousand a month. So he's making $1.2 million a year. Yes. And he's not spending any of it. Yes. And so when he says, I don't want to, great. Don't buy anything you don't wanna buy if you don't spend money because you are waiting for this next shoe to drop. If you grew up very poor or you grew up where money was a stressor and your body sounds alarms around money and so you have created an imaginary future that you're trying to hedge against, then you're not. Well. And George and I have taken this call a lot.


We recommend people a get not reckless but close, get really over the top about generosity. Give tip a hundred percent at the Waffle House or with your waitress even when you can see she's stressed and, and restaurants have cut their weight staff all the way down. There's one person running 20 tables, double the bill for her and leave her a note that says We saw you and we, we appreciate you. Like be very generous. Go to a local college and say, if you'll cover the rest of this bill, I'll cover that back half, right? Like get super super Generous. Fund the nonprofit for a year. Just for fun. Just for fun, right? And then the other thing is, this is gonna be opposite of 99% of people in the world budget, forced spending.


You will go buy a nice thing, you will go out to eat, you will buy a new pair of shoes for X, Y, and z. I'm going to practice letting this scarcity mindset that's built into my nervous system. I'm gonna practice letting this thing go. I can buy another pair of shoes and I'm gonna be okay. I can buy underwear that have been, that were, that were purchased this, this century, I'm gonna feel it and then I'm gonna get to the next month and be like, all right, we didn't. We didn't all fall apart. Right? And if you're making 400 grand on basic interest, right, we're gonna be okay. Yeah there, there's definitely a flat tire here where he's great at saving and investing. I applaud him. But he's saying, well that's how I got to where I am now. You got to where you are because you're really talented at something and you worked really hard at it and you had a good savings muscle.


But if you wanna get to the next 30 years of a great marriage, this ain't it. Yeah. Now we're going for a great life And you've got someone else in your life. So it's not just you if it's just you go live in a cave, do what you want. There's another person in your life. And this is not the way, this is not the picture they had for man, when we have $8 million one year, we're not gonna spend any of it because It's all coming down. Right? So I don't know what, what our friend needs here. It might be some, some therapy, some you know, third party professional help. It might be to go budget for some spending. It might be to go give, I think it's all of it. Yes, but the savings muscle, we got that. Let's start to work on another muscle. 'cause those are atrophying. And this Was gonna be practicing the living muscle, practicing the giving muscle.


And by the way, if you're listening to this and rolling your eyes, don't, everybody's fighting a war every day and none of us know what's going on in other people's lives. And so let's cheer this guy on. His generosity may just make its way into your life someday or his, his appreciation for your craft or whatever you're working on. He might be the new benefactor, right? But everybody's working through something. This guy just needs to practice saying, I wasn't okay then. I am safe and okay now and it's cool. Let's practice it and let's get it on. Man, you got $8 million, you worked really hard. Let's go have some fun in your life and let's give like crazy. Love it. All right, let's get to the phones. Caleb joins us in Charlotte, North Carolina. What's going on Caleb?


Hey guys, can you hear me okay? Yep. All right. I'm 23 years old. I just finished paying off all my student loans. That was all my debt about a month ago. And som on baby steps three, I've almost finished sitting at my six day month of expenses. And I'm gonna start maxing out a Roth IRA this upcoming this October. And I'm wondering if it's smart to hire a financial advisor to take care of my Roth IRA, and then in the future my brokerage account. Or if I should just do that myself. I hired somebody. Yeah. Do you wanna manage it yourself? I mean, not really, but I also don't want to spend money on somebody for something that I could do myself.


So like upfront, it's 5.75% commission on the amount I put in. And then there's nothing like on the interest or whatever I make in the account, but I just wanna make sure it's not something dumb. Well, It's up to you. And also know that nothing is final and forever you can do it and hire them and go, all right, they're gonna manage the investments. And five years down the road, if you feel like, you know what? I'm gonna take this on myself. I I know what I'm doing, then you can do that. But you've gotta realize that there's a lot more at play here. There's a lot more advantages to having a financial advisor. Of course, they can help you determine what investments to make. They can help reduce your income tax liability. They can analyze your cash flow and help you make those decisions.


Planning purchases of in life insurance, real estate, other types of insurance, saving for kids, college, maximizing retirement income, estate planning, legacy planning. All of that is part of it. And so I don't wanna look at binary of, well, they're just gonna help me choose a fund. If that's all you're doing, sure you can go do that yourself and And. It can be great, but I don't want to minimize when I pay a plumber, I'm happy to pay the plumber 'cause I don't wanna screw it up, right? I don't wanna fool with it. I don't wanna burn the brain calories, figuring it out, watching YouTube videos. And the same applies to finances. You'll know when you're like, I gotta reach out to someone, I'm gonna, I'm liable to screw this up. And so it may not be now, but yeah, I didn't, but there's no rush either.


Yeah, I definitely don't wanna handle the brokerage account myself, but I just, I didn't know for the Roth IRA, I mean 5.75% commission. I don't know if that's high or low. That's, That's a normal front load. That's a normal commission for some products. And if you wanna reach out to some smart ster pros, you can do that at Ramsey Solutions dot com. These are investment pros we trust around the country to help with this next step when it Comes to outdoors and the people that Georgia I use in our house to protect our families. So it's not just us selling you something. That's who we use.


Hey guys, are you ready for the secret to help you reach those money goals that you've been dreaming about? It's simple. You gotta get on a budget with our budgeting app, EveryDollar, you'll get intentional with your money and build the habits that will make those dreams a reality. And we'll be with you every step of the way from your first budget to that retirement home on the Beach download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play. Remember today, download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell. Joined by Dr. John Delony.


With or without cell phone, bands, foundations and personal finance helps with the distractions in the classroom because of its engaging content. The video lessons in this are captivating their geared toward high school students and students can practice using real life money skills with hands-on activities and interactive budgeting tools. So if you wanna make sure the students in your life know how to handle money the right way, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash foundations. this is a gift for parents out there who are going, how do I teach my kids about money? I don't feel capable to just tell them and convince them. Well, don't worry, we've got that covered. This curriculum's amazing. Dr. John Delony is in it. I am the host of it. I teach in it. Rachel's in it, the whole gang is in there and Dave Ramsey included. And it's super fun. It is not the boring curriculum you're used to when you were in high school. I promise John and i's segment with sticky notes alone and I think was a a, a bright spot for me. I hear about that almost every time I'm out on the road. We were covered In. So a little kid comes up and they're like Thousands of sticky notes sticky that were brightly colored. I don't even, I think it was a, a lesson on compound interest. Yes. I think when we're older we're gonna find out like, man, you have a leviathan sized cancer. Did you happen to cover yourself stickiness with a bunch of adhesives? And I'm like, one time. I think that's how George's girlfriend died in Seinfeld is from lick the envelopes adhesive man. Very dangerous. Yeah, I learned my lesson. Way to bring down a country there, George, with your sad news.


Let's get to the phone lines. Melanie's up next in Charlotte, North Carolina. How can we help Melanie? Hi George and Dr. John. I'm so excited to be on today. We're excited. I told my husband I was not going to fan girl, but I did not know that it was gonna be you guys on here. Well, we're fan boy and so it's awesome. What's up? It's So kind. Okay. So I guess I'll ask my question first and then kind of give you guys some background. My, my overall question is, am I being greedy when it comes to buying a house? So kind of some background. My husband and I paid off $180,000 of debt in January of this year and yeah, took a long time, but we made it.


So since then we've fully funded our emergency fund with $20,000 and we are in baby step three B and we have about $45,000 in our down payment account. Right, right now. So I guess, you know, in listening to your show, you guys kind of talk a lot about if you can get into the market, you should get into the market, you know, 'cause prices are only going up. You know, I guess my kind of question is, I, I wanted to buy a house that's around $350,000. You know, that's just kind of the area that we wanna be in, the size of house that we wanna be in. And that would kind of take us about seven to eight more months of savings to do that.


And we could just buy, you know, a smaller, probably $250,000 house in the next couple of months to get into the market. but it wouldn't be exactly like what we were wanting. So I was just kind of curious what your guys' thoughts were on that. What is your after tax household income per month? So we bring home around 10,000 a month. We did, when we paid off our debt, we did start investing 6% into retirement. We're we're 29 and 31. So, so we just kind of felt like we should start a little bit while we started to save our down payment Payment. Okay. So you're okay to sort of sacrifice a little bit and go, hey, we could be using that investment money for the down payment.


We're gonna do a choose your own adventure, which is totally fine in baby step three B. You can invest anywhere from zero to 15% when you're in three B, saving that down payment. So you're doing it the right way, everything's fine, but you're saying, Hey, I wanna bite it off more than I can chew 'cause I'm getting a little antsy to jump into this house. Is that essentially what, what's going on here? Well, if I bought the house now, we would just buy like just a smaller house that we would move out of sooner than if we just kind of waited the seven to eight months to get into kind of the bigger house in the area that we wanted to be in. Well you're saying in seven months you'll have enough to get the three 50 home and do it the right way? Yeah, we're putting about six grand into our house account now, like every month.


So, so it's, I don't think it will take us that long. I don't Think this is agreed. I, it's a lack of patience 'cause seven months is gonna fly. Okay. While you guys save and when you step into that home, it's gonna be, this is the house instead of, well this is fine, but really the next one it's gonna have this. And so I just Right. You know, I've, I've been around the block when it comes to, you know, buying houses and selling and I, I think it's wise to get in the market when you can, but I don't want you to just buy a house because you should buy a house. Right, right. Okay. So it it wouldn't be like beyond crazy to just, If it was five years until you could do that, I would say just go ahead and get it. But seven months is a different timeline. Yeah, it, it, I mean it wouldn't be more than a year, but I, I think it will be about seven, eight months.


Okay. How much do you have in your down payment account right now? We have about 45,000 in there right now. And in seven months you'll have closer to what, 180? 80 80? Yeah. Six times seven plus 35. So about 80. Okay. And that's, if nothing changes, what if one of you gets a raise or you work extra or get a, a side hustle? Yeah. Yeah. So my husband is actually in, in the process of getting a raise now, so Perfect. So we're just kind of waiting for that. I personally, Melanie, don't think it could be even simpler. I would crunch the numbers and go, how can we spend less, how can We make more to make this happen in five months instead of seven? And make it a fun game. Make it a fun challenge. Right. And I guarantee you'll get there faster than you think and then work with a real estate pro.


You can jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent and you can begin the process to go, okay, are we actually realistic here? Are there houses that we love in this price range? And can we get the deal before someone else snatches it up? And I would begin the process. I mean, six months is not a long time. Right. What if Melanie, what if you decided together as a couple, we're gonna buy ourselves a house for Christmas? That would be, that would be pretty cool. Six. Our birthdays are right there. Six. We share a birthday too, So, okay, so our birthday, our double birthday Christmas present is we're buying ourselves a really nice home. Okay. Yeah. And y'all start getting after it. And y'all have, y'all already have what, 12, 15% of a down payment already towards this 350,000 house, right?


Yeah. Yeah. So in the next six months, if y'all start kind of looking around and you get close to, you can pull the trigger Now if you want to Yeah, I know, I just, you know, I don't I that 20%, I don't wanna get locked into that. PMI I know you're not locked into it forever. Once you cross the 20% threshold, yeah, you can write a letter and they'll drop it off. Okay. But I'm, I'm just saying I like the idea of y'all having a destination because it makes it very real. Right? Because you're gonna get 20% and if you just keep floating along, you, it's easy to go, let's get 25% and then like, well let's just do 50%. We'll have the house And It just keeps punting it and moving it and moving it and moving it.


Yeah. That, that hasn't started a little bit because, you know, I brought all the debt into our marriage and so, you know, I I don't ever wanna go back to Debt. You know what else he brought Melanie? Joy, Happiness, fun. And that's priceless. He, He has never ever, ever said anything about it. He just put his money to it and we got, we got moving and grooving. But, And that's what tells me this is gonna work out for me. You both are aligned, you're both excited, you're both working the plan and that tells me it's gonna happen faster than you think. And so stay the course. You can start home shopping now. Work with that pro. And when the time is right, you'll know. But I don't think you have to jump into something now and I don't think you have to wait eight months or else it's not that binary.


Send us a photo for of your Christmas home. I think that'd be amazing. That would be fun. I will absolutely do that. Can't wait. Congratulations Melanie. Wow. It's funny, John, the people that are working the Ramsey plan, they're more like, and the people that are just impulsive out, they're like, yeah, I got, I, the only debt I have is like some car loans and student loans like I I know 80 k. Like they're very nonchalant and the folks following the plan are like, I don't know, I need that 20. You know, they're so dedicated, so diligent, so disciplined. And I think that's What, but I think you start to feel the peace as you go and you feel more and more like, oh this plan works. Right? You keep and and you just, it slowly works its way down the tracks, man. I love it. Yeah.


We got a lot of real estate calls on the show, whether it's should I move, should I buy, should I sell? And our team created a really great resource. It's totally free. If you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate, we have lots of Free, Tools and Resources to Reach, Your, Home Goals, preparing to buy home, buying, home selling wealth, building investment property, finding an agent calculators. I've got a new in-depth home buying course that our team created. And so a lot of great features on there. And one of my favorites is the home payoff calculator. That's where it gets real. You're like, we're paying how much in interest a month. Go look at how much you guys are paying America, how much you paid in interest this month. Then do the home payoff calculator, see how much faster you can pay it off and how much interest you'll save. I guarantee that'll put some pep in your step to get to freedom and get that eagle over the door. Have you seen that John? The eagle. The eagle over a door represents this house is paid off. Is there anything more American and rock and roll than that? I can't think of anything. I mean the Rolling Stones I guess they're from Yeah, that's Overseas. So they're not married. Don't like that at all.


this is The Ramsey Show. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel joined by Dr. John Delony. Our scripture of the day, Philippians four 19. My God will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in Christ Jesus. Tom Snyder once said, misers are no fun to live with, but they make great ancestors. I like that. See John, I do have purpose, Agree or disagree. George Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Daniel's up next in Sania. What's going on Daniel? Hey, good afternoon gentlemen.


Thank you so much for taking my call. I feel so lucky. Sure. How can we help? So basically I am wondering, is it okay to retire pretty much super early with my wife and live off fixed income that will be coming in for life? Where is the fixed income coming from? VA disability. Okay. How old are you two? I am 35. She is 41. Okay. And we have devised a plan That sounds awesome. And we have devised a plan and a budget.


We have been using the Dave Ramsey's seven baby steps for five, six years now. We have been completing all the steps, working the best we can and I've been fighting with the VA for 13 years and finally this past year just won my appeal and I'm now able to claim, I, I claim a hundred percent disability from the va, which brings me to around $4,000 a month from the va. That also covers me 100% for healthcare, any healthcare related needs. That also covers my wife through Champ VA because I'm at a hundred percent status.


She qualifies for Champ va so her healthcare would be covered. Okay, so you guys are gonna, this is the plan. Retire early 35 41, making 4,000 a month. Are you debt free? Yes. Do you have an emergency Phone car loan right now? Yes, we have been working on that. Currently we have a, we have a pretty, pretty high income to debt ratio. I'm a truck driver so I make around $6,000 a month plus my 4,000 income. She is, she works, she makes a little over 3000, about 3,500 a month. So between the two of us, we have about 13,000 coming in.


Okay. My car payment is about 500. We owe buy 19. Wait, you just told me you're debt free on that. That is the, that is the only thing that I've been paying double payments on the car. We have a two year plan, so I don't plan on going right now. And our plan involves purchasing an RV 'cause we are extreme travelers. Okay. Do you have the money to purchase that rv? That is, that is the problem that I've running into. That's the, that's the question I have because What's The problem that free, I looked at, I looked at purchasing an RV and I'm unable to get a loan because I have no revolving credit through credit cards. I don't have any credit cards Because I'm so happy that you could not get financing on this rv 'cause it would be a burden in your life and not a blessing.


Okay, so let me ask you this dude, you wake up at 50 years old, what do you wanna be doing? My wife and I now are, we're, we're, we're, we travel a lot. We're extreme travelers and I get that. I like to travel too. I like to go way back in the back country. I like all that. So we've, what Is your purpose gonna be when you're 50? what will you be contributing to in the world? I would like to be doing the same thing I'm doing now. Traveling, doing as much as I can to see and live as much as I can of the world. And my, I guess my thing is, is with a fixed income with pretty much the, the ability for my wife and I who we are very good with a budget.


We don't live above our means. We would be able to live on that. And then also I'm very handy too. So there's other things that I could be doing. I am a CDL truck driver. So at any given time I could go back on the road. We could, if we decided because we wanted to start with a 10 year plan, try it out for 10 years and see how that goes. 'cause we wanna travel all around the whole country. Alright, Here's, here's the deal, Daniel, here's the deal, brother. Here's the deal. Yep. The data tells me if you retire at 35, your health is gonna fall off a cliff. I'm telling you from talking to people who are down the road from you, that if you retire, if you exit the work world just to go have fun to go see stuff real, real quick, that runs outta gas.


But here's the other thing I would also tell you. You're telling me that you're great with your money and you're great with your budget. Y'all do it. Y'all do make a lot of money right now. I mean, you add it all together. 13 grand a month is a good haul. That's good. But I'm also watching you have a two year plan making 13 grand a month, but you got a two year plan on a depreciating asset. So I would question whether you're good with your money. You make a lot. That's awesome. You don't own anything else. That's cool. What was left on the loan? My car is nine. It's like 19 five. I've been making double payments on that. We, we share that between Now, but no, I hear what, what John's saying. You guys make it over 150 grand. Why is it gonna take two years to pay off $19,000?


But You paid off at two months. Oh No, no. The car is, the car is not gonna take two years at all. I I have a six month plan. I have plan between the next six to eight months. I wanna pay that car off. My, my our two year plan is my son is going off to college. My wife, we wanna, we wanna save a, a big nest egg of money in the next two years with my truck driving and her work. We want what, what's a big nest egg? Nest egg? What's the Number? Mine, mine is between 25 and 50,000 just to have a cash asset or cash available. I wouldn't call that a nest egg. That's an emergency fund. Okay. I think we need to think about what happens later when life costs more than $4,000 a month, 20 years from now.


I think we need to actually invest or you Refer to like inflation. Yeah. So here would be my plan. If you wanna go travel for a few months, you can do that. I don't think setting a 10 year plan to do this is wise. I think you need to save up, pay cash for the rv and before you do any of that, you pay off the car loan. We get an emergency fund, we begin investing 15% and then we save up to pay cash for The rv. We, we do that our 4 0 1 KI have a Roth, IRA going already. My wife has her 401k building. I think she has like 25 or 30,000 hours. So, so what's your question, dude? Like, you, like you've already got this plan worked out, And, It, doesn't really matter what we say. Like what's your question? I I you're answering a, for me, I guess with the purchasing of a vehicle, I'm, my question, I was unable to get the loan.


So that's what I was confused about is why, why is This is a hundred thousand dollars, what's this RV gonna cost? It is a $65,000 and they denied me for lack of a revolving credit even though I have a 700 and something credit score. So that's not why they, that's not why they denied you. Then there's something else going on Because I've seen people that should not be driving 65,000 campers. Get 'em. Okay. So all that to say is this. You dodged a bullet like the matrix. Thank God you didn't get it because the moment you drove that RV off the lot, it would be worth 45,000 and before the year was over, it'd be worth 30. So would it be better over the next two years to save up and purchase the RV in cash then?


Yes. Yes. And Then go on the road And I would go on the road temporarily or just rent an RV for now and check it out, see what that life's gonna be like. See if you like it and if you do love it, then set a, you know, two year plan to go. We're gonna pay cash, we're gonna spend 30 grand on an rv. We're gonna travel for a year and we're gonna reassess Here and let, and okay, let me ask you this. I've, I've had some, some friends in my life, I've run into some folks I'm call 'em friends, some buddies. A hundred percent disabled veteran. What's your disability? 4,000 a month? No, No, no, no. What's your dis What's the Nature of it? Yeah, what's the nature of the disability? So I get 70% for PTSD and then I get, I have shrapnel wounds to my neck.


Okay. And face, I have lack of feeling in my face. Okay. I also get from my shoulder Excellent. And my back a little bit. Okay, good. As a taxpayer, I'm honored to be supporting you for, for indefinitely. I have no problem with that. Okay. You put it out on the line for me and my family. Okay. But here's what I want you to hear. Thank You. The folks that I've talked to in the past, there's a sense that screw all of this, I've done what I was put on earth to do and I'm, there's a purity in that sentence. Now I'm gonna go do my life for me and my challenge to you is this, I want you to consider what is a life well lived between 35 and 95, 60 more years.


What if you created a, created a life that the least interesting thing about you was your, was your veteran status. And actually you served your community, you helped people, you grew businesses, you transformed your local community and beyond. And you saw the world in the process. Think bigger than just 35 and I quit.


this is The, Ramsey, Show, Dr. John Maloney here. Mental and emotional health challenges, broken relationships, it's all just part of life, but they don't have to define you. The, Dr, John, Delony Show is here to help. It's a call driven podcast where you can get practical advice on dealing with anxiety, loneliness, depression, relationship challenges, your kids and so much more. Listen to questions from our callers. Or if you're walking through a tough situation and need some help, give me a call. You are never meant to do life alone. And that's what this podcast is all about. Follow along on Apple, Spotify, YouTube, or the Ramsey Network app. Remember your worth being well.