
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality, PhD in counseling number one bestselling author and host of the very popular Ramsey Network production. The Dr. John Delony Show. He's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. You jump in and call. The call is free. and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it, which John, we are going to prove what this is worth, after all, because announcing today to you guys and the public, a few of you have heard about it over the last week on some down low stuff, but announcing today, John and I are going on tour.


We're gonna do the money and relationship tour. No guitars will be killed in the producing of these shows. No music will be said at all. It's not that kind of tour. It's Dave and John talking about money and about relationships and about anything else we want to talk about or you wanna talk about. 'cause we're gonna do the weirdest live events I've ever done. I think this, I, this is pretty cool. I've not seen this done anywhere and I think it's gonna be rad. Yeah, I, we, we might have made it up. We might have found someplace obscure to steal it from. I don't know. But it's very different. So we basically, this morning we came out of a meeting. We had 27 different 10 minute talks listed.


We're gonna post them before when you come into the audience and you guys are gonna vote which ones we're gonna do that night in Louisville, Kentucky, April the 21st, Durham, North Carolina, April 23rd, Atlanta, April 25th, Phoenix, May 5th for worth May 7th, Kansas City, May 9th. Now, you could pretty much be assured that the list of talks is ones that we approve. So they're things that we actually know something about. And so we will talk about things that we know something about. So it might be a little bit in there about money, might be in there, a little bit about relationships or mental health or anxiety or whatever. My wife tells me that I'm always talking about things that I don't know what I'm talking about. So that's, yeah. so I don't mind doing that either, but People won't pay for that.


That's so we're not doing that. They won't buy a ticket to that. So we're not gonna do that. True. But John and I, and we're gonna just have some free for all discussion on this stage as well. We're both just gonna be up there the whole time. It's a little different, not a little d completely different format than I've ever done. I'm excited to try this. I think it's gonna be fun. The money and relationship tour. So you wanna check it out. It's gonna be about money, about relationships, about mental health, about wealth building and how all these things, marriage, how all these things intersect and interweave to cause each other to happen. Limited amount of tickets. These cities, we are not huge venues. We're not doing arenas or something like that. They're amazing theaters. They're fabulous. Some of the amazing theaters I've ever seen. Yeah, yeah. The, the, the absolutely cool.


And tickets on, put 'em on sale today. They're gonna go up pretty regularly as we go through the sellout process. But the initial out the door today, only 49 bucks. So you can get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. And if you're tuning in on YouTube or podcast, click the link in the show notes. Again, Louisville Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, Kansas City, all April and May of next year on sale now. I mean, based on our initial presale stuff, we'll probably sell these things out in just a few weeks. And, we a blast, man. So I'm looking forward to it. It'll be wild, wild in the streets. Yeah. You and I stirring up trouble in all these different cities and then we get to come home. That's good. Yeah.


Alright. Matt is with us to start off this hour in Sacramento. Hey, Matt, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, big fan. Appreciate you taking my call. Well, I'm honored, sir. How can we help? Well, I am pretty much on the edge of bankruptcy. I think. don don't know whether I should go through with that or not. I'm in quite a bit of credit card debt, which is pretty embarrassing because I've worked your debt snowball before. I've read your books and I still find myself in this predicament. So I've got about a hundred thousand dollars. Well, I started a, a business and I've used my personal credit basically to fund the business.


So I'm in about $120,000 in debt total. About a hundred thousand of that is credit card debt. And 20,000 is an SBA loan from my first business. That didn't go too well during Covid. So I'm, I'm kind of at the point where I'm trying to decide whether or not to throw the towel in on my business and, you know, get a regular job. Maybe it, probably declare bankruptcy because don don't think the payments are doable for me. Or, you know, I'm, I'm kind of just lost at this point. Mm, Scary. How old are you?


Very, I am 37. You married? No. Okay. Single. Okay. Don't have any kids. So what kind of money is the business make? so what kind money is your business making? Well, you know, we started off bringing in about, it actually grew pretty quickly. I had a team and everything. I had a, I started it with a, a friend of mine, And, we were doing up to about 20, 30,000 a month. And now I'm down to pretty much 5,000, 6,000 a month. Gross. But yeah, that's Before expenses, I'd say.


Yeah, before expenses five, six. Okay. So after expenses, what are you netting? The business is actually profitable now. It's netting like three, 4,000 a month. so I've got My, so so what happened? Why did it go from, what'd you say? 20,000 to 5,000? Well, I had a team at first. so I had a I know why. Why'd you get rid of 'em if it was working? What happened? Well, So my, my partner and I had a falling out. He, long story short, had a drug problem and I had to buy him out. So that's where the first started. The credit card debt started piling on. 'cause I kind of used the credit card money to, to buy him out. That Should have caused your business to prosper.


Why is your business failing? Well, every inflation has killed us. So all the, No, it doesn't, you raise your prices with inflation. Why is your business failing Right now? It's failing. 'cause I'm just spread too thin. I'm doing everything myself right now. so I have, why Did you go from 20,000 down to 5,000? Well, our, our cost went up and they kept going up and the Cost doesn't cause your revenue to come down. The revenue's down because the leads are down. I'm not able to, I was buying leads at that point, and the lead cost doubled.


Now they're, now they're pretty much tripled. so I had to kind of stop doing that. So you, you were buying, you were buying paid, paid leads on social? No, I was actually buying from a lead generation company. So that was kind of only a, They were buying them and they tripled back to you because all, all, all your paid socials have gone up three and four X with Facebook and Apple 13 and Yeah, it's jacked. It's jacked. A bunch of us. Yeah. Okay. Well, so what is it you're selling? Car shipping? So we are auto transport brokers. Okay. All right. Well, and let's go, let's go, let's, the reason I'm asking all these questions is you've got to get to an income.


When you get to an income, then you've got the weight out of this. Until you get to an income, you don't have the way out of this. And so far, all I'm hearing is a race to the bottom. So if you need to close it, close it and go get a job, or if you need to work it on the side and go get three jobs, that's fine. But you're not bankrupt. You just don't have an income. I mean, what if you went and got a job making 200,000, you could pay it off at no time. So your problem is your income, not your debt. And, and this business is running you, you're not running it. So you need to get some income coming in. Dude, when you do that, we can walk you right outta this credit card Debt. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've been working the Ramsey plan and you've made real progress. But if something happened to you tomorrow, would your loved ones be able to access all the account info you've got stored on your computer, phone, or even scraps of paper Knock box can help. That's knock box. NOK as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that organizes your important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place to help protect what you have worked for. So, ditch the thumb drives and file cabinets and organize your digital and paper files with Knock Box. You'll leave Memories, not a mess. Get your family's knock box today@knockbox.com slash Ramsey. That's N OK box.com/ RAMSEY.


Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you're here. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Dr. John Delony, Ramsey Personality is my co-host today, Shauna's in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hi Shauna, how are you? Good. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Hey, so I sent in a question to you guys, and I had said that in this six years, me and my husband have been together. He hasn't wanted to work. Yikes. What's his excuse? So it's kind of a long story, but Make it short.


I bet, I bet, I bet it distills all the way down to something pretty simple, huh? Yeah, I I just feel like he has no motivation. But what, when he doesn't work, what does he tell you? The reason he's not working? Well, he is streaming on Twitch. I'm not sure if y'all know what that is. Yeah, I do. Okay. Well he is extremely on Twitch and doesn't even make enough money to get a payout every month. So you have to make a minimum of $50 to get a payout. And he calls that his job. Yeah. That's not a job. so what are you gonna, why are you Put up with this for six years? What you gonna do? Yeah, I got about six minutes and then I'm done. How do you get to six years?


That's the part I don't know. I'm not sure. Hmm. So how have you approached this with him in the past? Well, red flag number one is when I first met him, he wasn't working. And No lash Lashawna. You do a lot. And, and this is me walking with you. I'm not, I'm not poking at you. You do a lot of should haves in the past. So like, let's bring it to right now. Okay. How have you communicated to him that him rotting his life away playing video games for no money is not okay with you? Well, I've left him twice over it.


Okay. Why'd you come back? Why'd you come back? He begged me to come back and said he would get a job and he actually started putting applications in and even had interviews, but always had an excuse as to why he couldn't take the job. Yeah. So you came back too quick before you actually got the job. Yeah. Instead of just more mouth promise. Right? Hmm. Well, I, people can disagree with me on this, but I look at this as a matter of fidelity is a matter of immorality. And some people can cheat on their spouse with somebody else, with another person.


And some people can cheat with their video games and their lack of seeing the person they're married to and saying, I don't really care what you, what you need. don don't care about our family. I don't care about any future we're trying to build. What I care about is sitting on my butt and playing video games. So you go on about your life and as far as I'm concerned, that's a, that's a violation of the marriage contract y'all made. He abandoned you at That point. Yeah. He's left you, the problem is he's left you in his own living room and His body didn't go. Yeah. Unfortunately the only path forward is some really firm boundaries. And most of the time they're hard because you've been holding up every spin and plate in that family for a long time, being very clear about what you require, what you need, what you want, and you've been burned twice.


And so I think the next round is to be very clear or here's the deal, make peace with it. This is the guy you married, he didn't have a job when you were engaged to him. He didn't have a job when you married him. It's kinda what you signed up for. If that's the road you wanna take and you're not, and you're not gonna move on and not hold him accountable, then stop beating yourself up every day. Make peace with it. Move on. Hope. That's not the path you take, but you're welcome to Take that path. It's not good for you or him. Right? Yeah. But if, if you could take that direct, that route, there's nothing wrong with that route other than it's not good for you, not good for him. I think if I were in your shoes hunt, I'd sit down with a good pastor, a good marriage counselor, and have someone guide me through setting the boundaries very firmly and very clearly and say, this is what I need to be in a marriage.


I need a, a husband that participates in the marriage. And that involves you getting a job and keeping a job. And it does not involve youth applications. It does not involve you going on interviews. It does not involve in you taking a job. It involves in you taking a job and I works And let's flip it around. 'cause what he's gonna do, he is gonna say, oh, you did this. You left me and I think by being very clear about what Dave just said. No, you chose, you chose, He is making the affirmative choice to end your marriage because he is not Participating. If you do not go get a job, you are choosing to end our marriage Behavior's, a language you're choosing to you and I.


I hope that you don't make that choice. Yeah. I, I hope you go get a job. Please don't leave me. And if if he doesn't, then you don't come. If you leave on this basis, you don't come back. Right. Okay. That's it. Okay. So it, it's pretend like, let, let's, if you changed what was going on to something that you really can't, that that makes you kind of throw up. Let's pretend he was doing cocaine. Okay. How long would you sit there? Not long. Not long. Okay. Right. But what it is is it's, it's an unacceptable cray behavior.


And it's unsafe. It's not unsafe, It's not good for anyone involved. Right. Right. And so if you're doing, if you're gonna do cocaine, I'm gone. And it's not like a little bit of cocaine. It's not like I sort of might stop someday. It's not like I went to a meeting to talk about stopping. It's like, no cocaine in this house if I'm in the house, period. That's what you would do. Yeah. But this one is a little bit different because this doesn't feel in the same category. But if you kind of think it through in your brain, the way your brain works around it, as if it was something more bizarre, then you would go, no, I'm tapping out. You're done. It's a slow growth cancer. Yeah. This, this one's more socially acceptable, so to speak.


Being lazy is not as big a deal as doing cocaine in most people's minds. and I accept that. But I always, if I, you know, if they're just overspending, you know, or lying to me about money, that's way less than doing cocaine. Sure. But if I put cocaine in my head, in my brain and the way I'm thinking about, okay, if they were doing cocaine, what would I do? It clarifies, yeah. Bottom line is it's a behavior that I'm not willing to accept. So I'm going to, in those situations, put my foot down. Yeah. Because I don't wanna be in that situation. It helps me to kind of, I I almost go off the deep end in my head in, in the, in the decision making paradigm. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, and, and I I think it's hard to wrap your head around because he's not doing the typical things.


He's not hitting anybody. He is. Oh, that would require energy. Exactly. Right. He's not, he's not doing anything. And the challenge is, somebody can wreck your boat or they can slowly pull the whole thing underwater. At the end of the day, the whole thing's still underwater. Drill eight inch holes in it. I've just got a, I've got a broad picture of what fidelity is and I'm just, I'm sick of And abandon. That's Right. Abandonment. But you're gonna pay for me to continue to live here. Like I've left you. I'm just gonna stay in the house. And it, it breaks my heart, man. Because, 'cause people go to the mirror and they say, what did I do? What am I doing? What's wrong with me? And it can be cruel. It can just be cruel. And you haven't done anything wrong except put up with it. That's the only thing wrong you've done.


So, for your sake, really, for his sake, you know, Shauna, we had a, a guy working here that we found out after he was here a while, had a pretty serious alcohol problem. And he was out of town calling on a customer for us and showed up at the situation drunk after we'd, you know, had a couple discussions about this. So we fired him and 'cause we love him and that we're not gonna participate in his crazy 'cause he's not helping him. And you know, I, that was several years ago. Many, many years ago. And I got the coolest email from him the other day. Mm. Completely changed his life. And he, he completely dry. He is sober. His, his wife stayed with him 'cause he, 'cause he got clean.


But the thing that did it was we fired him. Yeah. Consequences. It was, it woke him up and he goes, thank you for loving me enough to not participate in this wicked script I had written for my life. You know, that wasn't exactly how he said it, but I mean, that's what's going on. Right. And like, sometimes The most graceful, it's Not something you usually get from somebody you fired. Right. Well, sometimes the most graceful thing we can do for other folks that we care about is to say no more. Yeah. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna, I'm gonna be enough to say stop. I'm not gonna be right here while you're doing that. Yeah. I'm not gonna be here while you act that way or do that thing. Yeah. That's, that's so, And you also mentioned like y'all had walked with him and walked with him and talked to him and met with him and offered him resources and Yeah. What Wasn't a singular thing.


Of course. Yeah. And then he shows up at the client drunk and all that, you know that, that, that's pretty singular right there. That, that one alone. I get you. but it was kind of the straw, right? Yeah. But gosh man, he's doing so good. I'm so proud of him. This is The Ramsey Show.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and riders and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xr.com for instant online quotes.


Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality is my co-host today on the Debt-free stage in the middle of the Ramsey Solutions lobby is Troy and Laura Hi. guys, how are you? Hi. Doing good. how are you doing? Doing Better than I deserve. Where do y'all live? Norfolk, Virginia. Cool. Cool. I gotta tell you guys, those of you not watching on YouTube, if you look deeply into your radio, these got matching T-shirts, matching outfits, matching everything. T-shirts say Legacy Changer. Yeah, I like it. I like it a bunch. Very cool. How much debt have you two paid off? $157,056. Ooh, Love it.


And how long did that take? 60 months. Good For you. And your range of income during that five years Started at 95,000 and we're looking to, or we're projecting to hit 180 5. 85 double this Year. Double in five years. What do you guys do for a living? I'm a quality assurance supervisor for the Department of Defense And I'm an educator for the entire journey. I was a school counselor and I just transitioned out of that working in our testing department at a local high school. Alright, very cool. What kind of debt was this? 157,000. Whew. Little bit of everything. Yes. Student loans, half of it was student loans, so about $78,000 in student loans. And the other 78,000 was a timeshare.


A personal loans credit Card debt, Credit card debt, all Retirement loans. Yes. A lot of, They were kind of normal too. Normal. You had all the kind of debt that you don't want. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Look at you guys. So how long have you been married? 17 years. 17 Years, Okay. And five years, 12 years into the marriage. Five years ago something happened? Yes. Yeah. What? Yeah, So our journey actually started back in 2013. So in 2013 as a Christmas present, my Aunt Lisa, shout out to Aunt Lisa, gifted all of her younger nieces and nephews, the Total Money Makeover audio book. And I'm gonna be honest, when she gave it to us, I looked at it and I said, who is this old man?


I don't know what this is, but we're good. It's, we Don Like, it's like my Aunt Lisa gave me socks For Christmas. It's like, we don't need this. We're good. Yeah. And so we did not, or I did not listen to it. And so from 28, 20 13 until about 2018, we went on living our lives financially separate. Yeah. And 2018, beginning of 2018, we had our son, our second child, And, we purchased the house all within four days of each other. Our house we couldn't afford. Correct. All within four days of each other. That's What we do when we have babies. We always buy a house we can't afford because They need a home. Yes. Yeah. And so from 2018 to 2019, we could really start to feel the weight and the pressure of those poor financial decisions. And we started to struggle.


We paid utilities with credit cards. Yeah. Food, Gas, Gas, And. we just really started to feel that that weight and spring of 9 20 19 is when everything came to a head, honestly. Yeah. Myself, I had started having car issues, didn't have any money, no emergency fund to take care of the automobile. Ended up taking out a personal loan to do that. A couple of weeks after that, the car broke down again, which is how we ended up getting a car loan to actually get a, a full car. And during that time, you know, not unbeknownst to me, my wife was having her own struggles with dealing with our financial situation. Like she said, prior to we were financially independent, you know, we didn't really discuss That.


What was the thing that you finally go, okay, so what happened? Y'all were coming to all I I I can feel this boil coming up. Yeah. Yeah. so what, when did it boil over? What was the thing? It Was summer of 2019, his car went out. I finally looked at my student loan balance. I had avoided it for years. And literally all of this happened around the same time. and I saw that big balance and I was in my And Lisa where that audio book In my office. and I pulled up the balance, 78,000 literally could not breathe. Felt just this weight on my chest. And it was at that moment I googled how to get out of debt fast. Of course your information popped up. We had a conversation, And, we said, if we're ever going to accomplish these goals that we have for ourselves and our family, we have to do something radical.


That was the word that we used that night. Yeah. And. we sat down and started the journey. Yeah. We got the ever dollar budget budgeting app. We joined Financial Peace University at a, a local church in Portsmouth. Shout out to Brian and April who were our coordinators. Yay. Yeah. And realize that this was the exact same information that Lisa had tried to give us six years prior. Of course. Yes, of course. But when the student is ready Yes. The teacher will appear. Yes. Did you ever look at her and be like, you knew about this? She said, I tried to tell you. Yeah. Alright. Y'all make it sound all easy. How hard was it? Because I mean, y'all are making good money.


Both of y'all have really respectable, like y'all have positions that in your community, you're proud to say what y'all do at parties, right? Absolutely. I I'm, I'm, I'm an educator. I work with children who are struggling. I, I, I work at the Department of Defense, everyone goes, woo. Yeah. Right. And so when they see what other car you drove up in, they're like, wait a minute. Right. So, so like that had to be hard o over the course of five years Yeah. Over the course of the five years, it was in the beginning we were so focused Yes. That we were locked in. It wasn't difficult starting out the first, I wanna say maybe couple of years sticking to the plan and you know, knocking out those small amounts and working our way, working the debt snowball. Yeah. We were just so tired of, you know, where we were and all the debt that it was easy to get started.


It was easy to keep going. And then I think we started to feel that fatigue right around three years. Three years in And. we had been so laser focused and had, you know, paid off so much debt. We had started to find more margin, way more margin in our budget. Oh yeah. And so that's where it became a little bit more challenging because we wanted to How'd you push through that? We stayed. Well for me, focusing on being content with where we were and what we had. Yeah. We relied on each other a lot. And truthfully we did take a little, little pause. We still lived by the principles, but we knew we just needed a, a small short break. Right. And so we paused For a little.


So you've been married 12 years when you start this and now 17. Yeah. Talk about the marriage before this and after this. So before this, our marriage was always happy. Not always the best communication. I really think starting this journey and going on this journey helped our, our communication a lot. Because we didn't discuss finances. We made a lot of separate financial decisions from taking out. I took out a loan to start a network marketing business. She took out A loan to get the driveway repaired at our first home. Yes. Yeah. So there was a lot of, you know, high school sweethearts.


So this is my best friend. So that part was always there. So you kind of went from happy roommates to being married? Correct. Yeah, because our financial conversations, you know, prior to starting this journey were very tense. Lots of arguments when it came to paying bills and Yeah. And so I think that was one of the things that, that drove us, that connected us to this program. We were so excited. We finally found a system. I love checking boxes. I love processes as an educator and systems. And so when we finally got our hands on something that allowed us to be able to accomplish and work towards all the goals that we have for ourselves and our family. A simple process. That's what drew us to the program. Yeah. How, how does The energy or electricity in your home differ for those two kids in the home y'all grew up in?


Oh, way different. Way different. I grew up with, you know, lights getting cut off, water, getting cut off, not really having enough food. And throughout our, our, since we've had our, since we've been parents, they haven't had to worry about that. But where we are now, we can build on that. And there's more of a future for them to, not only will they never experience that, but their children won't experience that and they'll experience like abundance and preparation for the world growing up. Legacy changer. Absolutely. Absolutely. That's your why. I'm proud of you. thank you. Very well done. You guys. What do you tell people The key to getting out of debt is, So for me, we're married. so I say shared vision in having a shared vision, like I said, living separately, she didn't really know the stress that I felt as the husband and I knew my financial situation.


Right. But you know, there's vacations and things like that that, that you know, we all want to do. And her not really understanding my, my anxiety and stress when it comes to our finances. Yeah. That was a big thing. So having a shared vision, a common goal that's big. A common person purpose. Let's Bring the kiddos up and get their names and, and ages. They're gonna participate in the scream, right? Yes. Let's get 'em up there. All right. Very cool. How old are one? Think we got hustle coming up to the clock. Here come, come. We have an and Troy Jr. 10 and six. Perfect. All 157,000 Paid off in 60 months, making 95 to 180 5. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream.


3, 3, 2, 1. Where debt. Yeah, That's how it's done. I love it. This is The. Ramsey. Show.


Okay. Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that whole positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy plan. Request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a funds investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foresite fund services. LLC.


If you haven't heard, we have The Ramsey Network app you can download and use for free. It has the last segment of this show every day. It has a lot of the special things that we do get, you get 'em a day or two early on the Ramsey app. For instance, the interview I did with President Trump last week posted on there a day before we posted it on everything else. So you can get access to things early and you can ask questions on The Ramsey, Network app, this one's from Amy. Before the new rules went into place, our home listing agreement included a 6% realtor fee with the new regulations should we ask to change our listing agreement? Now can you clarify all that?


I spend so much drama around it. Well my personal opinion is it's a bunch of crap. The, I mean the idea that basically the real estate business, the realtors, the National Association of Realtors and some of the larger businesses were sued for price fixing Because they held the MLS number. No, no, because they said, you know, you gotta pay 6%, but it wasn't Gotcha. It's always been negotiable. Right. But it's not any more or less negotiable now that they've been sued other than they've had to pay out hundreds of millions of dollars because you know, that's the world we live in today. So somebody was a victim apparently of signing up for something.


So Amy, you could do whatever you want to do, but you can, you're allowed and have always been allowed to negotiate the fees for anything that you buy. The person selling the thing that you buy, the service or the good can make a decision to lower to your price or you can make a decision to walk away and not do business with them. Because we can't come to terms on the price. When you walk in and buy a loaf of bread, you accepted the price. If you didn't like the price, you went and bought a different loaf of bread or didn't buy that loaf of bread. So you're accepting a price anytime you work with something.


If your real estate agent says, I wanna charge 6% to sell the home. If you say, I okay, then you accepted the price. I I did not know that's what this was. I thought this was something about holding the MLS number and you couldn't list the house without them or, so I've always done two and a half or 2.75 if within 30 days I've always had some sort of negotiation Around it. Yeah. If you it, it has nothing. I mean you can, the only, the multiple listing service or real tracks depending on where you are in the country, is available to anyone that is in the board of realtors. Right. I thought that's, And they're allowed to charge whatever they wanna charge. I had no idea it was over this.


By the way, in commercial real estate, we typically charge a 10% commission. If you're doing a lease, you often charge four on, on a long-term lease, like a commercial real estate lease. Like if you do a 10 year lease, you might charge four. If you do a three year lease, you might charge seven. Would it be on the, on the entirety. On the entirety. Everything added up. That's how that's But I mean, bottom line is, is it's a negotiated rate. If you go to get your hair cut and you don't like the price of it, you go somewhere else. Right. That's how, Oh, I didn't know that's what this suit was about. That's wow. Price Fixing claim. They claimed that they had that they were price fixing is it's absolute bull crap. But anyway, so Amy, no, you don't need to change anything unless you, you know, you could go back to them and say, I I think I wanna cancel my listing agreement.


If you don't drop your rate, you could do that. but it has nothing to do with the suit. It just has to do with your now suddenly dissatisfied with the agreement that you made. So, And as a non-real, I would suggest you signed a contract. Well uphold your integrity there. Yeah, there's that. And, and here's the thing. If you're gonna sell a house right now, you're probably gonna pay around that to list a house with almost anyone. It's about what it is. I mean, that's the going rate, but it is not a fixed price. Yeah, that's the thing. It's you, you technically can argue about it and you can technically argue about any price. I, I like arguing about prices. I'm, I grew up hillbilly we're we negotiate everything, call it horse trading even though there was never a horse involved.


And so, you know, And by this, this would be three and three, wouldn't it? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Typically the buyer's agent is getting three, the seller's agent. And so, you know, you could put it on for four and you might, your house might not get shown 'cause the guy doesn't want to take his buyer over there. Yeah. He'd rather get three. Yeah. Instead of two. And so, you know, this is how life works. So Yeah. Nah, nah, nah, nah. I, i i, Rick, listen, if I was a real estate agent that was a, a professional and was one of our Ramsey trusted real estate agents and I sell a hundred houses, 200 houses a year, which most of them do.


And you wanted to negotiate with me, I would say, you know what, you're gonna get what you pay for. You probably ought to go to somebody else. 'cause I'm, I'm a pro and this is what I charge. And, and you know, there's a reason some attorneys charge a thousand dollars an hour and some charge a hundred dollars an hour. There's a reason. And so that, that's, you get, you know that that's what we're doing. So anyway, it's up to you. But there's no additional rights that you have now that you didn't have before. Every bull crap like that. All right. Let's see. Kristen is in Austin, Texas. Hi Kristen, how are you? Hi, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up?


Well, I think I know the answer, but it's so, I'm so honored to have both of you on the line that today. 'cause I listen to both of you daily. so I am recently divorced. I have a domestic, it's, it was domestic violence. Oh, I am out. But I currently have the vehicle. I tried to, you know, make our marriage work with marriage counseling and I'm a Christian And. we tried everything and he hit me for the last time and Oh yeah, the first time will be the last time I got a order. Yeah, I'm with you. I'm with you. Well, I Have two disabled children.


Okay, So what's your question today, hun? My question is my, I am getting the car and the divorce, which our car payment is $488. I I gross. I just got a raise. I grossed 40 Oh over 46,000. I was doing the math and I was wondering should I get rid of the car? And you said, you said you already knew the answer, right? Yeah. Should I get rid of the car? What? What's the answer? Afraid get rid of the car. What's the, is that the answer, Don? Don't know because I just afraid to be carless being afraid. I Didn't want you to be carless.


Yeah, I didn't want you to be in a car though. You can't afford this car's eating your lunch. Yeah, Yeah, it is. I a hundred percent agree. Yeah. The punching bag boy signed, signed you up for this And. we got rid of him bankruptcy too. I'm sorry. Yeah. I have to file bankruptcy too because like before I started listening to you, I pretty much did everything wrong. When Did you file bankruptcy? I haven't yet. I have the money on retainer. I haven't done it yet. Why are you filing, what are you filing bankruptcy on other than the car? A mobile home. Why? Because we, it made me really Have they foreclosed on you? I think they're in the process.


I I've been working with them. Is that the only thing you have? Other than this car? Some debt, some per the personal debt and everything between me and my soon to be ex-husband divorce will be final pretty soon. How much is the personal debt, hun? All together it's like a hundred thousand dollars. Counting the car and counting the mobile home. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well count. Wait, I'm sorry. It's 136 with the Oh no, the mobile home. I'm sorry. It's 196 with the mobile home. I'm sorry, I'm trying to do math really quick and I. That's okay, you're fine. Not that great at it. You're fine. Alright. You're not living in the mobile home, right? No, I, I live in an apartment.


Okay, Good. All right. I would not file bankruptcy until they force you to don Don't think you're bankruptcy. Okay. Okay. After they foreclosed on this mobile home, be a little shocked if they even come after you. You'll just have the foreclosure. Okay. And after you sell the car, now we got rid of the car and the mobile home And, we get us a cheap car then whatever debts are left, I would go and try to negotiate with those and pay 'em pennies on the dollar. and I think you can probably walk away from this. I can't. Okay. Yeah, because I, Your, your divorce attorney told you to file bankruptcy, didn't they?


No, I was gonna file, I talked to three realtors trying to get out of the mobile home when it made me sick. 'cause I'm highly allergic to formaldehyde. Yeah. Yeah, They, but you're outta the mobile home. It's just a matter of how, what it ends up looking like after the foreclosure. I, I think you sell the car and you just mess with the other debt and try to settle it and just wait and see if the mobile home forces you to file bankruptcy five years from now. But I don't think they will. I think they're gonna walk away from you 'cause you don't look like you're somebody that can get money from. To me. You're what we call judgment proof in the business broke, no money for them to get. That's what that means.


and I think you can get out of this. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds.


So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality number one, bestselling author and host.


The Dr John Delony Show PhD in counseling. He's my co-host today. Thanks for hanging out with us. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. John, I don't know if it's because I'm getting old or is just our culture, but it's probably both. Probably both. Probably both. I didn't know what you about that. It's amazing to me how quickly my mind moves on to the next thing. Hmm. Tell me about that. So a week ago tomorrow we posted the Trump inter the, the, the interview I did with President Trump. And for those of you who don't know, we reached out to the Vice President Harris's camp and to President Donald Trump's camp and offered to do a long form sit down interview, talk about ideas, not name calling and not stump speeches.


'cause I really am sick of all that crap. I just wanna hear what's really good. What are you really gonna do? Not what have you done. Not not what you like about yourself or any of that. Just what are you, what are you gonna do? I wanna know. And, and Trump's team responded. We were up in New York, filmed it And, we posted it a week ago tomorrow on The Ramsey Network app. And it's a week ago on Wednesday, two more days. So not even a whole week it goes on YouTube. Okay. So we've had over three, almost 3 million full views. Over 16 million people have interacted with it in one way or another, but completely watched it all the way through almost 3 million. And, and, and it's not even a week. And I've already moved on. I mean it was a huge splash hit on our YouTube channel.


Huge splash hit on the app and, and those kinda things. A lot of people wanted to see it. I've gotten lots of comments from my friend group that kind of junk over the years. People I hadn't talked to in five years sent me an email, that kind of stuff. 'cause what I do here every day is the same thing over and over. So that was something different. So they went, oh, you did something different. Who knew? And so, but it, and and, and I'm already over it. It's done. You know. But anyway, you guys, you don't have to be over it. If you hadn't seen it, you could still go watch. We're gonna leave it up. It's all completely free and if you don't like it, turn it off. It's okay. And if you're mad at me then turn me off. It's okay. We'll we'll get through all that, but yeah, it's how fast we move on to the next thing. Yeah. Megan is in Las Vegas. Hi Megan Welcome to The Ramsey Show.


Hey. Hi. Speaking of YouTube, I actually feel like it was such a blessing. I saw you recently on the George Jenko show Really? Which was Yes. And it was like so amazing because it was the first time I've heard somebody that I've related to so much of building something amazing so quickly and then falling into almost, well going into bankruptcy and losing it and I feel like that's the situation I'm in. Oh, so I have spent like the past six years creating a seven figure business. I made over $5 million. I'm full owner equity. I haven't made stupid decisions as far as pars and stupid things like that. I've really, I pay myself like six to 8,000 a year.


I basically, between our current state, what's happening is the fast funding that I've got that, you know, quick capital that you have access to, they take 17% of daily sales. I've racked up a bit of like a credit card too between the ad spend that we do because we're primarily D two C. But what's really great is our D two C still, I mean it's hard, it's hard out there with ad spend people buying less and everything. My biggest challenge is the debt seems to be taking more than obviously what's coming in. So you you Are you saying you factored your receivables? Yeah. So my cashflow is like running down. Well we have B2B that's now really coming around being like, Hey look at you guys.


This is amazing. Well You got receivables on a B2C No B2B Well B2B but it's not fully through yet. And my problem is my cash flow's running out that I'm not sure if I can hang on to that new momentum. Okay, wait a minute. I, I thought, lemme stop a second. Sure. You can't do factoring when it's cash on the barrelhead B2C factoring is when you have a B2B and I thought you said your business was B2C. No, we're D two C B2C primarily. That's like 98 9. So why is there a cashflow problem in B2C? They pay you for the good. Well we have all this interest but not actually payment yet. You don't have interest on B2C, Right?


We, no, I'm sorry. Not interest like physically, I mean like people emailing us and being Okay you people wanting to buy from you Yes, Yes, Yes. On your B2C. Alright. Let correct what percent, what what, what is your top line on this company right now? Sorry, what do you mean by That? Revenue, total revenues annually. Oh, so annually we do at least a million. We $1 million annual revenue usually 1.2. What percentage of that is direct to consumer B2C Oh? my gosh, like 98. Okay, So you're doing 900,000 top line. There is no cash flow problem with that at all. No. They're Paying you when they buy it, Right?


Oh, correct. Yeah. So that's not a cash flow problem. Correct. So where in the flip did you get interest on a hundred grand? That's killing you. Not interest per se. I mean, so my problem is, is like I keep my cashflow, we've had two net negative years because our advertising cost has been significant between all of our overhead, which in this 2024 I've slashed. That's not cashflow. That's you lost money. Right? That's that means you didn't mean you weren't profitable. No, no Uhuh, no. And then this 2024, we've been getting even less sales coming in and not profitable. And We profitable on gross revenue.


We were for the first two years and then not the last, and no, not this Because of SEO cost, I guess because of all the Overhead your ad spend, your ad spend went five x. Yeah, I mean we're spending like anywhere from four to six sometimes an ad spent 400 to 600. Okay. I think I've got the picture. I'm a little fuzzy on the edges, but I think I got the general idea. Sure. And and what is your question? What are you planning to do with this? So because the cashflow is like, it's Not cashflow money, it's profit. You're not profitable, Right? So because the money in the bank is becoming to the point where that is going down so much. Yeah. You're burning your lack of profit, you're lo losing money and you're burning up your savings, Right?


Correct. Yeah. Okay. And So that's where like, I don't know, like I've been trying to hang on every single day, but don don't know, like I've looked into chapter 11. You're not, you're not chapter 11. You just, you could just close it. You don't have to bankrupt it. What kind of debt have you run up? So I have the 500 Covid, EIDL loan, so half a million. And then I have about a hundred in credit card to Chase Bank and I have about 40,000 to, like my dad. Most of that's not bankruptable. Okay. Your dad and the ELB aren't, they're gonna come get you anyway. No, no.


The government's not gonna bankrupt the Covid stuff. So you've really never really made any money. So we were But then No, no, no. You propped it up. You propped it up with these loans and made you think, made yourself think you were Yeah, yeah. Essentially. That's right. Yeah. I mean what, what I did notice is like I finally got to a point where I didn't need that fast funding. Oh, I'm sorry. I do have another like 80 k. Are Are you I'm, are you married? Yes ma'am. What does he, what does he make? About 105. Okay. Alright. I would talk to an attorney about where you stand with the government loan.


That's the only one I'm concerned about here. The rest of 'em can be worked through and it's okay to put an end to something that's over. and I don't hear anything right now except you're continually making less and less and less money and you're burning up your, you're burning up your savings. So it's fine to end that. I don't, it doesn't sound like you're turning the corner on it and that's very hard to do emotionally. I'm so sorry, but it does sound like you need to put a, put a stake in this thing and move on. I'm so sorry.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This is the season for Halloween. It's October. We're wearing costumes and we're wearing masks. If you haven't started planning your costume yet, get on it. And while you're thinking about it, I want you to be honest. A lot of us hide ourselves. We hide our true selves behind costumes and masks all the time. We do this at work, we do this around our friends, we do this around our families. We even do this when we look at ourselves in the mirror. I know because I've been there multiple times in my life and it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding behind masks and costumes all the time. If you find yourself hiding from your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where you can be honest, where you can talk to somebody else and reflect and learn. And you can accept all the parts of yourself over time and start living an authentic life. Masks and costumes should be for Halloween parties, not for our emotions and our true selves. And if you're considering therapy, try calling my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for you and your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey and you'll be matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapists at any time for no additional cost. Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/delony.


I know you work hard for your money and the key to keeping more of it in your pocket is by making a plan for your spending with a budget. And EveryDollar is the budgeting app that I use personally because it's perfect for looking EveryDollar you make in its little president face and telling it exactly where you want it to go. Just like you told that guy in traffic exactly where you wanted him to go. And even better EveryDollar walks you through the entire budgeting journey so you always know your next right step. Download EveryDollar for free in the App store or Google Play today.


Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Hey Christian, grab that last caller that is in that business mess and put her on the Entree Leadership Podcast with me. I can take more time there and get down into the nuance of her business and unpack it and see if I can give her a little better answer. And because I could, I was fishing around trying to get the actual numbers out before and it, it used up the whole segment. so I, I do wanna help her and I, I feel like I dumped her. And so let's get her, let's get her on the entree and I'll see if I can pick her back up and help her.


The. Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Hey, we've all made money mistakes. So If, you have defaulted private student loans, not judging you, but we are saying you can do something about it. Contact Why Refi. They were created for people in your exact situation. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's why the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in Allstate.


Alright, today's question comes from Bobby in North Carolina. Bobby writes, My wife spends like a drunken sailor Hey, we don't allow people to talk about sailors around here. Here. That's right. About 40 to 50% of our income goes to her shopping and restaurants. Her spinning habits have always been poor, but they have escalated in recent months. She gets mad when I ask to discuss this and even more upset when I talk about the baby steps. She's taking out credit cards in my name and max them all out. And today we're behind four mortgage payments, owe the IRS several thousand bucks and we're slipping on a few other smaller bills. She recently got a job where she makes about 25 KA year and I earn $150,000 a year.


Should I lock her outta the primary account, which should go to paying bills and provide her with a spending account. I know this is financially what needs to happen, but how do I address the concerns in our marriage? Oh, man. Yeah. Dave, when I, when I hear something like this, I'm always thinking about a group of EMS men and women on the back of an ambulance, and the first thing you gotta do is stop the bleeding. Like this is rough. She's spinning them into the hole. Like IRS mortgage, they're about to lose her house. The government's gonna about start taking money. This is a big, big scary deal. There's only one way that could be though.


She's currently doing all the bill paying. He's not Or she's spending so much of the money. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He, he could have just at me if, if I'm controlling the check writing, the mortgage is not behind. Yeah. Unless there's no money in the account. Well, there Would be money in the account. There'd be no money in the account for her to do spending. There you Go. Because the mortgage will be current. So he's, he's not paying the bill. She is. Okay. Mechanically, tactically, that has to be, it's the only way this is happening. So he, he dumped all this on her and then he's bitching about how she's doing it. Yep. So, yeah. I I, I think everybody's gotta stop. Everybody's gotta stop.


We gotta turn the lights on. Yeah. Music off lights, lights on. No more dancing. No more pretending This isn't real. You're about to lose your house. And the IRS is about to come take a, take their pound of flesh too. And it's not Dave Ramsey, it's not baby steps. Quit saying baby steps. Yeah. Baby steps is code word for she doesn't get what she wants and she's a spoiled child. Yeah. So quit trying to quit giving her words to latch onto. Just go enough. We're done. I don't wanna be homeless. Yeah. We're not gonna do sixth grader stuff anymore. We're not four years old. We're not a kid that's on the cereal aisle that stomps his foot and throws a fit and lays in the full floor and foams at the mouth until they get lucky charms. You're a freaking grown, but woman, you have to do math to exist in this world.


This would be the fight that I would be having. Yes. And, and, and if I'm married to somebody and she is about to get us homeless and end debt to the government, I would go change my direct deposit. If I'm making 150 grand a year. Yeah. I'm Just gonna open up account and I'm gonna handle everything and I'm gonna put you on, I'm not even giving her a spending account. No, I'm just going, you get nothing until I get the house, house current. Right. That's right. We're gonna eat and we're gonna have lights on and you can eat here. Right. If you want to eat somewhere else, you're gonna have to figure that out. Right. And then we can talk to the divorce attorney about all that. That's right. You know, but this is stopping. And here's the thing. It's gone on too long. The, the thing is, how do you get four months behind 18 months of doing this bull crap?


Yeah. And you stood by and watched it and it was o it was okay until it wasn't. I mean, dude, this guy, he's his, his passivity is unbelievable. Yeah. Until he wasn't. And Dave, maybe I'm crazy, but this It does. It absolutely does. But not very often. It rarely, this type of behavior happens in a vacuum. No, it doesn't. This is a world they've co-created and It's not a sudden thing. It's my point. That's right. It's mess. There's nothing suddenly. Yeah. She's just suddenly No, I mean, the only way she suddenly is you had nothing to do with it up until now. And then you look down and start calling her names, you know, and well, you know, what, what name are we gonna apply to you?


So, you know. Yeah. She's spending like a 4-year-old and she's acting like a butt. I don't have any question about that. But, but, but you've tolerated that for 18 months in order to be four months behind on your mortgage. This didn't just suddenly occur. And, and so, and now you want to go boom. So yeah, you need to sit down with a marriage counselor and you need to turn off all the money until we come to agreement, like to adults that the money first goes to food, second to water and lights third towards the house payment, fourth towards taxes and transportation. And until we take care of those things, we don't eat out And. we don't buy anything. And until we're in agreement on that, you get no money of any kind of mine.


And we're gonna start talking to the marriage counselor about that and see if we can save this marriage. How long before, how many mortgage payments can you miss before they sue you? I thought it would be before that. No, they'll foreclose it six to six to 12 months. Okay. So if I'm in this situation, I'm stopping everything and everything And get current on the house. Get Current on the house. Yeah. You're about to lose your home. You're about to be homeless. Yeah. Because you wanna address these negative behaviors. Right. And you waited so long that now it's gonna be anytime you've, here's the thing, anytime you got a mess count on it. Taking at, at almost as long to fix the mess as it did to get into it. So if you're four months behind on your mortgage count on it to be four to six months before your current and everything starts to smile again.


Yeah. As far as the math smiling, I don't think anybody's gonna be smiling here for a while, But, well, and there's an old psychology maxim that is conflict deferred, is conflict amplified. That's what we got. If you think it's gonna just go away, it's gonna come back. It's gonna be way worse before x worse. Right. And it's not going to simply all be okay when you take away her ability to handle the money. No, no. It's all still there. Right. It's all still there. And for god's sakes, don't blame it on me. It's not the baby steps. And it's not Ramsey and Dave Ramsey. That's, it's you, you need to fix it. And, and just go sixth grade math. Blame it on math. You wanna be pissed at something.


This math thing is a problem for all of us adults. So yeah. Blame it on the map. Now I got John singing over here. This is really scary. I lip synced to that. That was a deep cut Right there. Was it? Okay? Yeah. Alright. Yeah. So seriously, sit down with a marriage counselor. Yes. Turn off the spending until we can come into agreement with a marriage counselor. I, I'm a little bit afraid that this cow's gotten outta the barn. I don't know if you can get it back in the barn. Yeah. If In terms, in terms of your marriage, I'm not sure you can turn this one. If somebody, let's say there was a couple and they were working really hard. They both got laid off and scrambling.


Scrambling and they woke up and they were behind four mortgage payments and they owed the IRS several grand. What would their order of importance be like? Would you run down to a credit union and take out a loan to pay up, get caught up on your house and get the IRS knocked off or what? If you have that ability. You probably don't. Yeah, you probably don't. Okay. So usually what happens is you can probably get this mortgage caught up before they foreclose. You know, it might go for five months, but then by then you've saved up two or three. And then it might go the six month. And by then you've saved up the other. So you can work a, a, a payment plan to get caught up with a mortgage company. They will work with you. The problem here is, is the cause of this mess has not been fixed.


That's Right. So that couple you describe there, new job, they're gonna, they're gonna, he lost his job. But we're together in this and we're identifying, okay, we're, we're not going out to eat, we're not going on vacation. We're not spending like a drunken congressman. I'll quit calling sailor's name. But the, and we're not doing nothing until we get food on the table. Lights and water and house payments. Current And. we get the IRS out of our house and you know, we're gonna walk down the, the most force rank the most important things eating out and vacations aren't on the, even on the list until those things are done. We don't even have a discussion about those things. So, and shopping and restaurants, we don't need to go shopping. You have enough crap. There's nothing to go shopping for unless it's food.


You already own enough clothes. You have way too dead gummy shoes. And definitely enough purses. You do not need to go shopping. Your house is four months behind. This is really not rocket surgery here. This is The Ramsey Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust. Not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in mls ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Hey guys, Dave Ramsey here and I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you. Live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr. John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not want to miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com


slash tour. Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality is my co-host Today, Jonathan and Ashlyn are on the debt-free stage. Hey guys, how are you? Hello. Doing Well, Dave. how are you? Welcome. Where do you live? We're just outside of Manchester, New Hampshire in Deering. Ah, fun. Welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you? Two paid off? $238,000. I love It. And how long did that take? 45 months. Good For you. And your range of income during that time? Started At 1 0 3 and ended at 360 3. Cool. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a medical coder And I'm now self-employed. I do well pumps and water filtration. Ah, very good. Good for you.


And what kind of debt was this? $238,000. A lot of everything. Credit cards, student loans, cars and the house. Yay. Yay. You are normal. And now you're completely weird. We're weird. Yeah. Way to go you guys. I'm so proud of you. What's this house worth? About Three 50 to 3 75. I love it. How old are you? 2 37 And I'm 34. And you have a paid for house in New Hampshire that's worth 350 Thereabouts. Yep. Wow. How much in your nest egg in your 4 0 1 Ks and stuff? Just over 500. Wow. Not, not including the business. I now self-employed. Okay. And with the valuation of the business, you're probably easily millionaires.


Yeah. Way to go you guys. And you're not even 40. I Love it. Yes sir. Well done. Well done. Alright. Four years ago, 48 months ago. This is a 45 month journey. So four years ago things weren't like this. No. You were normal. You had debt coming out your ears like everybody else in America. And you woke up. Tell us how you woke up and how you got connected to us. Well it started just before Covid. I was on a job with a contractor I work with regularly talking about trucks. I was just an employee at the time for a family business and talking about trucks and he says, well make sure you do what Ramsey does. Shout out to Peewee, he's who turned us onto you.


and I said Pay cash for a truck. and I just said, okay, whatever. Well then the pandemic hits and I'm tired of listening to the radio telling me the sky's falling. so I turned on the podcast, heard you guys talking and brought it home to Ash And. we looked at the baby steps and away we went. Wow. Just like that. Just like that. So water pumps and home filtration. So you probably had an increase in business Big time. 'cause everybody's sitting at home going, oh I really want this fixed. Yep. Take 'em outta the schools and their work and put 'em in their house. They're using a lot more water. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, we were both deemed essential during that timeframe. Sure.


Water's kind of essential. And Medical. Yeah. Medical and medical's obviously essential. Yeah. Oh, I bet you got some great coding stories, don't you? Oh, That came later. Yes. We won't talk about 'em 'cause we'll get Shadow banned, but I bet they're awesome. Oh, they're great. Yeah. There's a thing. Alright, cool. You guys, so you you, the podcast, this podcast, you started listening to It. That's what got us to it. And then like I said, brought it home to Ashlyn and it was game on really the, you talk about a why And? we never really had our why until we came outta baby step two. So during Baby Stu, step two, Ashlyn's father was diagnosed with a terminal cancer. Hmm. We get into baby step three and we're working through that and Joe took his turn for the end.


Mm. And being debt free at that point afforded us the ability for Ashton to be with her father as she needed to be. Yeah. For as long as she needed to be. So that really exposed, you know, this is the freedom's real, you know? Yeah. And then, and The freedom matters. It Matters a hundred percent. That's right. We didn't owe anybody anything. We didn't have to get to her back to work right away. She was there for as long as she needed to be. And then a year to the day after Joe passed, suddenly my dad, who was my partner, passed as well. Oh My. Geez. Yeah. That was now the big income bump. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. So y'all had a lot of loss. Yeah. During it was a, it was a hard process. Yeah. But because of the work y'all started four or five years ago, man.


Yeah. Y'all, y'all get the, what I think is one of life's greatest privileges is the opportunity to grieve And. we The time. Yeah, we definitely did. Yeah. Man, I was afforded a lot of opportunity to spend the time that I had with my dad over the last two and a half weeks of his life. and I had a lot of closure, which was really nice. Mm Mm Those are, those are minutes and hours that can't, you can't put a price tag. No, Absolutely Not. It's amazing. And and a lot of people don't have a choice. That's right. Because they're, yeah. They're strapped to some stinking debt payment. Yeah. Yeah. Good for you guys. Well, I'm, I'm curious. When we were the only voices and I was brand new at the time, And, we were the only voices saying, Hey, the the only thing you can do is the next right thing.


Go do the next right thing. And everyone else is screaming that the end of time is here. Mm. What was it like on the other end? Did we sound crazy? No, it sounded it was a light in the dark. Really, you know? Yeah. Okay. It gave us something to focus on and it was the perfect timing. As odd as that might be, where everything was on pause. I mean, we took full advantage of all those things. So it really, you guys were instrumental in us getting through the pandemic, really. And. we hired John to help us with mental health And. we thought, okay, we'll move him in gradually and you know, it'll take two or three, four years. And, and then we went all of America. America's crazy good John, we're getting on the air right now. And, we, there was no gradual on ramp.


We just dropped him in through the ceiling and here we go. Great timing. Yeah. He worked great for us. Yeah. Well thanks. Wow. Thank you. Congratulations, you two. thank you so much. You're so proud of you. thank you. thank you. Wow. How does it feel to be completely free and millionaires before you're 40? Free The word. I mean, it really is free. Yeah. It's, I don't even know, you know, it's just free. Yeah. What do y'all tell people? The key to getting in debt is Well, communication. It's really helped our relationship. We were good at the beginning, but now it's just, we're so much more solid. Nothing Stops us. Yeah. Nothing. Yeah.


Very cool. I think sometimes people, they, I think freedom is, is in many ways become a slogan. And the way I, I hope people who are listening to this will just go watch this on YouTube to watch how YouTube just described Nothing can stop us. That's right. And watch y'all describe the word, only word that keeps coming to mind here is in the worst moments of our life, we had peace. That's right. Right. And so when you think freedom, it's not just something you stitch into a pillow, it's peace. It is this understanding that we are unhitched And, we are unhinged from any restraints. And you cannot stop us that like y'all put meat and bone and muscle and skin to freedom.


That's amazing. Yeah. It's cool. It's awesome. Thank you. thank You. What's the next big thing? What are you gonna do now? Well, we gotta do some stuff to the house, but we really wanna get out to Greece. We want to go. Yeah. Yeah. How many of you New Hampshire neighbors are got grease on the whiteboard? Don don't know. I Suspect Guess we'll find out. That's So what, what, what? Anything in particular? Any reason or just you just like it or just Beautiful country. We wanna go for the food. I mean everything. You know the culture. Yeah. Well definitely hit the islands. Go sans. Go to Santorini and Konos. thank you. Been there several times. And they're both, they're they're as good as the pictures. Yeah. And the food. Yeah, the Food. That's what I'm looking for. The Views and the food and I my mouth's kind of watering right now.


I think I may catch a plane. Yeah. Well done. You guys. See that's what happens when you don't have any dead gum payments and you're 37 years old. We're gonna gonna go to Santorini, man. Have a have a Greek salad. I know. When I was 37, we were like, all right, we can do Arby's this month. This month you guys are going to Greece. Wow. That's it. Let's live like no one else later. You can live and give like no one else. Right. And your business is gonna prosper and grow. You'll make different decisions now than if you were desperate in the business. And, And when somebody calls and says, can you be here? You say, yep, I'll be right there. That's right. And you can go. That's amazing. Good for you Too. That's the great part of this story. Wow. So proud of you two.


Very well done. Jonathan and Ashland from New Hampshire. 238,000 paid off. That's house and everything you guys are listening to and looking at a couple of weirdos, they're millionaires are not even 40 baby steps millionaires did it in 45 months, making 1 0 3 up to now 360 3 on the way to Greece. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1. Where? Yeah. Wow. You gotta love it. Gotta love it man. Go visit the Parthenon in Athens.


Yeah. Mars Hill where Paul preached. Yeah. Yeah. I love people explaining like with their, their facial expressions and their clinched fists. This is what freedom feels like. That's what it feels like. It's a real thing. It's not a slogan, it's a, it's an actual thing that you can go get. This is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


The best way to make the most of your money is by creating and sticking to a plan. No one wins by accident, ready, fire, aim has never hit anything ready, aim, Fire. That's how you do it. You do the same thing with your money. Tell your money what to do. Don't wonder where it went. That's how people win with money. It's magical. You'll feel like you've got a raise. Give EveryDollar an assignment. That's why we named the world's best budgeting app EveryDollar, because you give EveryDollar a name and it's absolutely an incredible app. The we've got about almost a whole floor here at Ramsey full of software engineer nerds that work on it and make it better every day. And they don't mind me calling them nerds. They're kind of proud of the moniker actually up there. And so yeah, they're, they're brilliant is what they are. And, and they're making this thing better every time, every week. Tens of millions of people are using EveryDollar. You can download it for free in the App store or at Google Play. Click on the link in the description. If you're listening on YouTube or the podcast,


Hey, reminder that the next segment of the show is going to only be available on The Ramsey Network app. So go to again, Google Player Apple and download The Ramsey Network app for free. You get the last segment of the show, the last portion of the show for free every day. Matter of fact, you get the whole show there. You get all of our shows there. And we'll do early releases like we did with the President Donald Trump interview at The Ramsey Network app. So this section we're getting ready to do right here is the last portion before we jump over to the app with the rest of it. Those of you on talk radio, you're gonna get the same show you've always gotten. No change at all. It's all completely free. By the way. Be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app. Download it for your phone. From Google Play or from Apple.


Sarah is in Los Angeles. Hi, Sarah Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello gentlemen. thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. What's Up? I, my husband and I are in baby step two. And. we are dealing with a lot of resentment and jealousy. My, I'm an only child, so I've never dealt with any of this. My husband has a stepbrother that is just that quick get, get rich quick guy. and I recently found out that my in-laws have invested quite a lot of money. They know that we are working through it.


and I mean I'm struggling to buy my kids Halloween costumes this year. And I'm trying to make sure that we're paying off all of our debt and doing everything. and I just feel like it's a total kick in the gut of like, you're donating millions of dollars or investing millions of dollars to this family member that has lost everyone's money. And you see that we're, we're trying, we're working really hard. We're doing all these things and we're doing it all on our own. And it's always the compare game when it comes to my in-laws. Who, who's comparing You? My in-laws? No, no, no. My in-laws. They're Comparing you to get rich quick boy.


Yes. Because he lives in this mansion and has a gorgeous wife and all these kids in his open marriage and very UNC Christian values. And. we Hey, Sarah. Sarah. Sarah, Sarah, Sarah. You don't wanna be him. Yeah. You're gonna bury yourself. No, don don't. Here's what I want you To do. I I don't wanna be any of that. I know, I know. Here's what I want you to do. Yeah. But, but there's a sense of injustice and a sense of loss and a sense of disgust. And you're caught in an age old trap of you are just chugging poison every morning hoping that he pays the penalty for it. Right. and I just refuse. I I'm, I maybe it's 'cause I'm old now.


I just refuse to drink poison and hope other people die. I'm not gonna let them cost me my marriage and my joy even in tough moments. I'm just not gonna give that away anymore. Can I? Can I, you know, can I tell you that the, the the action that healed me Yeah. Is, is gonna sound like a, like a childhood camp game. And it came from one of my grad school colleagues who is a, a, a multi-decade therapist. She's brilliant. Here's the exercise. I want you and your husband to go home and get like a, if you're just at your house, you can get a bowl or If, you have a box or something like that. and I want you to sit across the table from each other and ask this magic question from this point forward, who gets a vote?


and I want you to write down on a card and drop it in the bowl. And there should be no more than five or six people. And what you're gonna do is you're gonna quickly distill down who are the people in our lives that get a vote into how we act, how we talk, how we buy, how we raise our kids, who gets a vote. And by the way, our parents, we love them. We're gonna be honorable and respect them. They don't get a vote anymore. Our brother-in-law, God help him when it all falls apart. He didn't get a vote. And when I did this, I ended up with about six people and then I was challenged to do an even harder thing.


I called him and let him know, you wanna talk about weird? That's weird. Call calling your buddy who's an HVAC guy in Texas and being like, Hey, I just want you to know you get a vote. And he's like, I think you have the wrong number. Right? He was Like, it was not a felon. I already had a, it was, Are you in jail? So here's the thing. Then from that point forward, anytime those things come up, when you start to say like, I can't believe they don't get a vote. So lemme give you, don't get a vote. Lemme give you a a hardcore example of that. That's kind of fun. Okay. The sweetest people I in my life, or my grandma and Grandpa RAMSEY, okay. They were had zero entrepreneurial zeal.


Zero. He was an accountant 38 years at Alcoa Aluminum. She was a second grade teacher. Whole life. so I open a business. And so my grandmother's definition of success is, do you have a paycheck that's steady from a steady organization like a big company like Alcoa or the government if you're a teacher, right? That's her definition of success the day now. And, and I love her and she was sweet and she's precious and there's a lot of things I would give her a vote on. But my career, she got zero votes in because she's wired different than me. Okay? She was not in the bowl. You follow me. The day I got word that we had sold the millionth book on the first book financial piece.


She called that day and asked me when I was gonna get a real job. David wouldn't Even get a, that's why she doesn't have a vote. Okay? Isn't that sweet? That's so sweet. That is really. But if, but if, if, if she had a vote, you know what? I would've been pissed off for seven weeks. Insulted. Yeah. How dare her question my acumen, my business acumen. I've sold a million bucks instead. My wife and I had a really cute laugh over it 'cause she didn't get a vote. So will you do me a favor? Yes.


And no one's gonna tell you this in any of the blogs or anything. Okay? This is just your friend. This is just your big brother John. Cut yourself some slack. You're doing good. You've never, yeah, you, you're an only child. You've, you didn't see this thing done at home. You're off in the woods. You and your husband with machetes trying to carve your own path. You have, you have, you have the picture of everything this show stands against, which is integrity, honesty, doing things slow in the right way, just laughing at you. Right? Cut yourself some slack on doing those mornings. You're mad those mornings, you're frustrated when you go to buy Halloween costumes and you and your kids have to make 'em from home. By the way, they will remember those costumes.


They Will. Oh, and what's your household income? 140,000. Okay. You, you, it's, it's not a true statement to say, I can barely afford Halloween costumes. Yeah. It is a true statement to say we have chosen to allocate most of our money to things other than Halloween costumes. But if you make 140,000, you can buy the Halloween costume. You can buy every one of 'em on Amazon tomorrow. I mean like seven seven per kid. You can afford it. It's just you making, you're making like adult choices and stuff. Yeah. Because you're like a grownup in the land of immaturity, right? I'm trying to be. No, you're, you are, you are, you're completely doing good, but you're just letting the wrong people have a vote.


John. Nailed it. And By the way, don't, don't arrest yourself for thought crimes when you're driving to work and you're like, Why won't my In-law, it's okay to be mad. And then you gotta go do the next right thing, which is turn on some good music and sing real loud and say a prayer and exhale. And remember me and my husband are playing this and go, Aren't my in-laws foolish? They've made the wrong investment in the wrong Kid. What a go, what a goofball. And then I'm onto the next Thank. you. And by the way, Thank, you're probably Thank you beautiful too. Stop judging yourself against your brother-in-law's wife. Good Lord. You're good to go man. Don't need that one. This The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.