
This is The Ramsey Show, where we help you win in your life. We want you to win with your money. We want you to win in your work. We want you to win with your relationships. Triple eight, Eight two, five, five two two five is the phone number to jump in. We'd love to coach you up alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. And if you've got questions about your money, we'd love those. You've got questions about your work. How about the income? I want more income. I wanna start something. Should I do it? George and I will take those questions as well as we team up. So I, I need to point out, George is playing hurt today. He's, I'm so proud of him. He's hustled so brave. He's, he's not feeling well. He's not under the weather, but he's, you're flirting with it.


It's just, I think I didn't play in the dirt enough as a kid. Yeah. Yeah. So You can look at me and guess that I Yeah, but you're playing hurt. I'm proud of you. We're gonna make it. It's got the sinus issues. I'm doing this for America. How's Your throat? I think we're gonna be all right. Okay. I sound okay. I think You sound great. So we're cheering for George today. I look good. And that's half the battle, Eh? It's debatable. But he's gonna give you his all. I know that. And George and I have a lot of fun. If you're new to, to us, know that we're gonna give you the same answers and coaching you're used to, but we're gonna have fun. At least we're gonna try today. The more you say it, the less I believe you. So let's prove it to him. So I see you like that. Well, boy, you got the snark already. Yeah. Okay. Let's go. That's why people come for George. All right.


Amber's up in Houston, Texas. Amber How can We help? Hi, how are Y'all? Good, How are you doing? Good. Good. Okay. So I own a home. I purchased it five and a half years ago. I purchased it because I was pregnant with my son. And at the time, my son's father and I, we were just dating. We never married. I somehow got him on the deed of the home unknowingly at the time that that's what was happening. I asked the lender if he could be on the house in some way. She added him to the deed. I did not realize that until two years in, when I refinanced my house and we were at the time ending our relationship, he moved out and he has held the deed over my head since then and will not take his name off.


So it's been a few years since we've separated. And we went through custody court and he told me that if I gave him full custody of our son, he would take his name off the house and he, I would owe him no money. And then we had another mediation and he said if I paid him a hundred thousand, then he would take his name off. So I, I'm going to pay him to get off the house. But what I'm trying to understand is how much does he actually get? What is a fair offer? I know it's Whatever that happens, that's up to you and the lawyers. I mean, there's no, there's no math formula here. You know? What did he put down with the house when you guys bought it? Nothing. Nothing. So he put down nothing. Did he make half the mortgage payments?


Right. He did make half the mortgage payments for the two years he lived there. And he helped pay the taxes for those two years. That's what I would do. I have offered him, yeah, I offered to pay. He put in about $24,000, but he wants a hundred. He said, I will not take anything less. Yeah. Well, and I wanna, and I wanna be able to dunk a basketball. There's a lot of things I want in life that I'm not gonna get. He doesn't get to decide. This guy's a just a low life. He's a, he's an absolute scumbag. Yeah. So I said it's a, I think it's a fair offer that I give you what you put in. It's my, has The house appreciated? Yes, it has. I bought it. It was 300,000.


Now it's worth about 4 25. Okay. And after all of your fees, I mean, you could maybe the lawyers decide, all right. He's gonna get part of the appreciation on top of what he put in, but no more than that. Well, that's, which Is not a hundred thousand dollars. He's only put in 24. I, I put together a very detailed spreadsheet. I put down the down payment, the earnest, I, I've paid everything to get into the home. Is Your name on the mortgage solely now? Yes. He was never on the mortgage. Okay. He was only on the deed, but he's holding it over me and he says, if you're nice to me, I'll take my name off. If you're mean to me, I'm not going to. And it's, it's been this back and forth And Amber Yeah, that's, that's what I wanna dive into for just a moment. The psychology of this.


Yeah. Other than just closure and what you shared so far is, is he being on this deed at this moment, causing you any other real grief or problems in life? Yes. It's what? How? Well, because I want to move forward. I'm in a new relationship and we're planning on getting engaged and you know, it's really causing a lot of problems in my new relationship by having this tie to my past. Oh, okay. And so I I was gonna tell you to wait him out a little bit. 'cause I think this guy's just a scumbag and I think he's trying to bully you and I think. Yeah, I think A hundred Percent. I think there's two tactics here.


You know, you just go scorched earth and, and come with all the records and, and get in front of a judge and let the judge decide. I think that's probably the one I was gonna, I was gonna suggest maybe you wait him out a little bit, but with this new relationship going on, it's, We need to get him out here. You Need to get this guy off and clean it up. So here's the deal, we can't help. You're gonna need to get in touch with your lawyer. Do you have one? I've talked to three. Okay. And they told me that we could go and send him a demand letter and I told him I was gonna get an attorney and he said, I hope that you do and I hope we spend EveryDollar in equity to pay for these attorneys and you get nothing. Good. Well, when you win, he's gonna have to pay the attorney fees. Yeah. That's gonna be part of this deal. So what you're gonna likely go for is a quiet title action, which will resolve the dis this dispute over the property ownership.


And so that, again, I'm not a lawyer, but that's, I would pursue that action. That's the only way to force him to sign something. Yeah, because I do have a lot of evidence. I mean, he, when we went through custody court, he would record conversations that we would have that I did not know. And he would talk about the house and said, when I buy my house and I move out, I will sign my name over. So I have a lot of evidence to show that he's very much said he would take his name off and wanted no money. You know, tried to bribe me into giving me full cus or giving him full custody of our son. That's great. It's just been a, yeah, it's been a blackmail. What are You planning on doing with this current guy? You guys gonna live in this house, let's say that you get this ex off of this thing. What's the plan?


Well, I would like to keep my home. You know, it's got great schools, it's a great house. Okay. And so we would like to get him off and then, you know, be able to move forward and make decisions without having to go to closing with him. And No, I get It. You know, I was just curious. Yeah. I was gonna go a different direction if the answer was different, but I, I'm, I'm fine. Yeah. So he, he has a house and he wants to sell his house and pull the equity out of his and we wanna keep mine and then, you know, be able to make decisions after that. But yeah, it's just kind of been a headache to Yeah. Be able to make any decisions with him. Yeah. So Of the three lawyers, you need to go back and interview them all one more round and you need to put them under, under the microscope of what would you do, tell me what your next three steps are, how much time you think that's gonna take.


Tell them about his threat to try to draw this thing out. Which by the way, I think he's full of crap because if he tries to draw you out, he's gonna have to pay legal fees. So I wouldn't be scared by this punk. This guy's a punk. Yeah. And I'd keep the meticulous records and all the evidence of everything he said he is going to do text messages. I do emails, phone calls. Yeah. Mean even this is not Gonna be fun. Even, I hate you're going through this, but it's part of the messiness. You know, when you get involved with someone you're not married to and I hope you don't repeat that with this next guy. Hope you wait until you're actually married to add him to the mortgage or the Deed. This needs to turn into a PSA right now. George, for all of the young people that are listening or middle age, I guess it doesn't matter how old you are and you're thinking about buying a house and you think, oh it doesn't matter to dot the i's and cross the T's.


This story, I hate this, that Amber is the poster child for why we say don't do this Stuff. I would not buy a house to anyone. I'm not married to family, no friends, boyfriend, girlfriend. If we are not legally lawfully wedded, no thank you. It's going to cause chaos down the line and financial and legal mess. And that's the calls we get on this show. So if you need any further proof, there it is. And if you're a dude out there who thinks that what this guy's doing is okay and you think you wanna do this, can I just tell you something? You're a turd. And this guy Well said this. This guy needs a visit. I Can't say it any Better. Guy needs a visit with me and a whiffle ball bat just ooh, smack him around a little Bit. May a pickleball, Well pickleball paddle will do some damage but not really hurt him.


This is The Ramsey Show


mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're Thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill Mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7 The Ramsey Show continues.


Thrilled to have you with us alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight. Eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in.


I can't believe I'm saying this, but the early Black Friday sale is here. I don't, I'm not, I just don't like where we are at as a culture to be completely honest. That we gotta have an early Black Friday. But here we are. We're trying to get it knocked out. You know what I mean? I don't wanna be that guy. Now if you're shopping on Black Friday, you're too late. See there's the problem. This is, this is a sign of the apocalypse. At what point do, now we go past early Black Friday. Have you seen the movie with Arnold Schwarzenegger and he is trying to get the toy for his kid. Yeah, I dunno. That's what I feel like is happening in today's world. It really is. So, hey Ramsey Solutions didn't start the problem, but we're gonna meet you where you are. So we've got an early Black Friday sale. You can tell I'm thrilled about it. We get your, your hardcover books for only $12. The audio books for only $8. That's a really good deal. For instance, money's not a math problem by our friend. Jade Warshaw is on sale right now. Total Money Makeover, the OG is on sale and so many more great books. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to check out all the Christmas deals. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. You can click the link in the show notes if you are on YouTube or Podcasts. Love the show notes. Shows a lot of good down there. We Love show notes, lots of good things in the show notes.


Let's go to Raleigh, North Carolina. Kennedy is joining us there. Kennedy How. can We help? Hey, how are y'all doing Well. We're having a blast. What's going on with you? Good. So what I asked the girl when she called was I just graduated last October with my cosmetology license and you guys may know, or like your wives, like it takes a while for like a clientele to build up. Yeah. So you're not like a guaranteed paycheck, you know, every two weeks. Once a month you're kind of just stepping out. Especially me as a Christian, just stepping out in faith, just knowing that I'm gonna have clients this week that are gonna pop up that I didn't know I had scheduled on Monday. Right. So to know how to budget but not having a set paycheck for ties, groceries, rent for the salon, rent for my house because me and my sister are just going to move out.


Just coming up Saturday into a house right down the road for my parents. So learning just how to budget everything. But also I, I don't know what I'm making, you know, one week to the next. How Long you been, how long you been doing here? Full-time since March. So I started renting the rent is four 50. I have a girl that rents the other spots. I rent the whole building. She gives me 300 a month. So I just have to pay one 50 out of pocket. So I've been paying that since two months ago. But I've been doing hair since early March. So what have you been averaging since early March? What have you been averaging income? What's that look like? I wouldn't say that it would go over $600 from the salon, but I make each month.


So I would say somewhere between like 4 50, 5 50, some, some months it can be closer to a 600. but it, how are you Surviving? but it, Have you made it since March? That's, That's well below poverty level. It is well below. So my rent, like I told you, the rent for that place is one 50. So I've been living at home. My car is paid for, I don't have any payments that are going out. So just moving out my rent each month is, I know you guys are gonna laugh. My rent is 3 75 for the house and one 50 for the salon. Mama and daddy told me, they said, I know that you don't have enough for it, but because of the house, it was a good friend of my dad's.


My dad wants to eventually buy it. So he said if you, you know budget and you're smart with it. He said, me and mama got this wherever there's any lack. But he said, if you and Sailor want to move out, he said, I think it would be a good idea. He said, if you guys would like to go ahead and go and we'll cover everything else, you know, as long as you guys aren't out shopping and blowing it. So you're saying mommy and daddy are gonna pay your rent if you move out, they'll pay 1200 bucks. No. So I don't pay 1200. I'm saying if you moved out. No, she's already told you they've moved into a house. It's 3 75. That was a friend of their dad's. And the rents 3 75 for both you and your sister. Yes sir.


Alright. But still you're, you're, I mean sweetheart, you've put lipstick on a pig. I mean, I'm telling you have not, you're still absolutely. You had no money even with that rosy picture you just gave us. Yeah. So I don't, I mean I feel like it's the wrong, I mean, George, I want you to answer a question, but Yeah, I'll, I'll teach you, you Gotta do something in the meantime because there's not much here to budget. Yeah. Can teach you how to budget with an irregular income. But right now, like Ken's saying, it's not enough to pay the bills. And so we need to get something more stable. 'cause right now, let me tell you the math on this. You are making $3 an hour. Yeah, I know. Three. Count that three. Yeah. There is no job in America paying $3 an hour.


Yeah. You somehow found it. And so you need to go get other jobs Yeah. While you get clientele. And if that means word of mouth and I get 'em on a schedule, great. But we're not gonna sit around the salon. Yeah. For seven hours a day. Yeah. Hoping we get a single client. Yeah, You would be better off. I do have, oh, go ahead. Sorry. I do have a part-time job. So I work at a grill that is right down the road. So my salon, we're out in the country. So I, I work at a grill that's on the other like little small town in between like my house and the salon. Well how much money are making off of that? That's no more than one 20 once a week. Again. You are, I Know one shift at the grill is not gonna Pay the bills. Gotta Kenny, there's nothing funny about this. And you are just, yeah, it won't funny, just broken up.


You are chuckling your head off on the other end of the phone and I, don't know how to say sweetheart. Like this is awful. You need to make more money. You're not making don't making any money at all. Are is anyone doing salon work full-time in your area? Well the girl that rents it from me, she just graduated too. So she we're both quote unquote full-time but building clientele. So Yeah. But you just told us you live in this. I'm technically full-time. You live in this little teeny tiny area out in the middle of sticks. Is that what I heard? Not in the middle of sticks, but it definitely is not like, like I'm about an hour and a half from Raleigh, more towards the beach.


So it is a small town but it's not out in the stick. but it is definitely Small. Sir, I apologize. Yes sir. I was a little loose with my description. No, You can say no. You can say stick, You can say Wherever it look Is Yeah. Is I think you need to be moving into Raleigh and get yourself a full-time job at a very successful salon. Like you've gotta make some moves because I just don't know how much clientele you can build in this little place that you're at. Am I right? Yes Sir. Without, yeah, without, well that's what We gotta steal everybody else's and now we don't wanna, I'll tell you what, I can't imagine now would go over well in a small town. I'll tell you what my barber did. Kennedy, you work for a place that's booming. You build up your clientele there. Yes sir. And then eventually you can go out on your own and those people will follow you.


Yes sir. That's what I did when he kicked. He started off on his own, left his old place. That was ha kind of giving him leads, if you will, giving him the clientele and then he moved out. And so that's what I think you need to do. We need to stair step this into just going, well hopefully I'll have you know, 70 people on the books in a few months. 'cause it's been, it's been a while. It's been six months and we're still making a few hundred bucks a month. Yeah. Could you do anything else besides cutting hair? Like can you do nails? Like who's doing nails in that little town? Well, there's nobody that does nails and people, they've asked me, they're like, would you do that? I know I could. Even though that's not like people get Nails done. Listen to once a week. Once Ourselves, Kennedy, I threw that out there as a hail Mary and I threw a touchdown pass.


Start a nail salon this afternoon or do it in your living room for crying out loud little small town. These women need their nails done. We're talking hands and feet. That's, that's money. Yes sir. You, so if you can do it, do it. Like my point is what you're hearing from George and I is Appreciate The budget question. But in order to make a budget work, we must have something to As income, budget. Budget. Yes Sir. I would start doing nails and, and if I could, if I could be the person in your little town that does nails, then I can grow the hair thing too. But boy oh boy. And This is a word of mouth business. So maybe you do a referral bonus if they send someone To you.


Where do the women go in your town to get their nails done? Well, where I'm at, that's where they all come because, so the closest town would then be, would then be maybe driving 20, 25 minutes. So I got some, the lady who retired, I got some of her clients, but she had a couple girls in there before me. But because they would all quit and leave, then all her clients, 'cause she had a good amount of people probably, you know, she was booked up. She told me she was booked up every day. So I believe her. Well again. And so Your first reaction was priceless. You said, people have told me I need to do nails. So I think we just found the next business for you. And then you can expand. You're no Problem unless you move away. Yes Sir. Right now you don't have the luxury of doing whatever.


We've gotta find the thing that's gonna pay the bills, then we can expand. I Tell you what, if I lived in that area, I'd, I'd, I'd, I would invest in her. I'd go, what does it cost? What, what do we cost? What do we need? What's The startup? How much nail polish would we need to buy Kelly, to get started? I'd wanna know. And I'd go, we're starting it today. What do we need? A couple chairs. I'm gonna buy The chairs. I need a little tub with some water. Tub with water for the Mani Petties. You Know, I, I don't know what my wife does. I gotta ask Stacy, but I think I would go, let's start it right now. Let's Make some money. Ken goes more than Stacey money. I think we can all true Story. Stacey has talking me into a couple pedicures. Change your life. I Don't like it. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude and most of us have people in our lives that we're grateful for. One of those people for me is the wonderful Marilyn Fannon. She gave me a chance, she taught me poise and professionalism and she challenged me. But there's one person that we often don't take time to think ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're barely surviving or that we're moving forward or that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything seems to have gone bonkers, it's not always easy to be grateful. So here's my reminder to thank the people in your life, including you. And sometimes to do that, we need some professional help. We need to talk to someone trained to help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season. That's why I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy and you can talk with your therapist at just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost This season. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. Excited to have you here with us folks. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Today's question today is brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans. Defaulted means when the borrower can't make the required payments. So the, if that describes you and your private student loan, we'd love for you to contact Why Refi. They can offer a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today. That's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey. It may not be available in all states. Today's question comes from Claire in Illinois. My mom has asked me to pay $20,000 for a parent plus loan. My parents had planned to pay a good portion of my school debt so I can be financially independent and set for my future.


As I was going into my last year of college, I paused school to take care of my dad who was ill. I also worked to save money to go back to school. My dad passed away and things have changed for us financially. He was the breadwinner and my mom stayed home. She does not have a very well paying job now. And as additional debt of about 60,000, I still owe 10,000 on my student loans. She also wants to charge me rent while living with her after graduation. I have a job ready once I get my degree, but I was hoping to live at home to get my financial situation set for my future. The average income for the career I'm pursuing will be 45 to 60 k. Am I wrong to ask her to pay her portion? Ooh, loaded question here. Mm, man.


There's been some trauma to the family. Yeah, It feels like there's a lot of tension. There Was a lot Of plans, Lot of tension my parents had planned. We planned. We planned. Well, dad passed away. The plans changed. And now with mom's asking you to pay for this parent plus loan they took out for you. And the parent plus loans are tricky because parents are co-signing for their kids with a very high interest rate. And so they are very difficult to pay off. And if you didn't agree ahead of time on who's gonna pay it gets messy. So it sounds like they said, Hey, we'll we'll do the parent plus loan, we'll take care of it. Now Mom is in a different situation. She's broke and stressed. And so I think, you know what, we go, mom, I'm gonna take this on my shoulders.


It may set me back for where I wanted to go, but it's the right thing to do for the family. Yeah. That's my take as the daughter, I'm gonna go, all right, this was a loan for me for my degree. You're probably gonna be making more money with than mom is. So I would just go, all right, I'm gonna pay my share as I can. I agree. I, I don't, I wouldn't disagree at all. I think now the tension about I wanted to live home and not pay rent. Mom's making me pay rent, I would also, you know, get over that too. Because if mom, if mom wasn't there, you didn't have that supposed safety net. You'd have to be paying rent. So mom says, And it's not punishment. It sounds like Mom needs the money. I agree. All this is gonna require some mature conversation. For sure. So interesting stuff.


Oh Man, that's tough. Also, reminder for everyone out there get term life insurance in place today. I know. Listen, there's no stat Ken that says you have a higher chance of dying if you get term life insurance in place, there's no correlation. Yeah. So get it in place because you don't know what life's gonna throw at you. And it can cause a really difficult situation for your family if you do pass away. So 10 to 12 times your annual income, a 15, 20 year term should do it to get you self-insured by then and head to xandr.com and they can help you get that set Up. Yeah. Alright. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Back to the phones. Paige is joining us now at Grand Rapids, Michigan Page. How, can We help? Hi George and Ken.


Yes. I wanted to reach out. I just started my journey. I just got introduced to The, Ramsey, Show and everything. So I'd like to start my journey. Pay off debt. The only problem, you know, I have a question and possibly asking for some guidance here. How should I introduce this goal, you know, of being debt free to my husband, he is a farmer. We both work full-time. He's also, you know, a farmer outside of work and that tends to be, you know, him purchasing a lot of tractors, parts, any equipment to the farm. And he's going into debt for this. Currently he only has one loan out for a tractor, but he likes to purchase a lot of the older tractors that need a little work.


How much is he making off of this farm? That I do not know. I have a sense he Doesn't Really share That with me. That you guys have separate finances. What's That? I have a sense that you guys have separate finances, you got your accounts and he has his accounts. Am I right? That's partially true. Yeah. We do have a joint account that we kind of just throw money into. Yeah, This, the joint account is, here's what I'm comfortable sharing as part of my life. And then you have separate accounts that go, this is none of your business. Right. I'm my own Man. Right. I mean I'm pretty, I'm pretty open and honest with like the stuff that I have. I don't really have much. I have, but he's not my vehicle. And then a card he's not. And then, yeah, you Just told us he was A little bit more.


Yeah, Yeah. And you're just chuckling. Just like this is just fantastic. This is normal. Everything's fine. My husband's not telling me what he's got in his account. I don't know how much debt he has. I don't know what he makes. And I'm on my journey. You said my journey. Yeah, that sounds like a solo journey. You're about to go eat, pray, love I while he does his thing. Yeah. Paige, we are not, George and I are, but, well George is in a bad mood, but he's always in a slightly bad mood. I'm in a, I'm cantankerous great mood. I'm in a great mood today. We're not trying to be dark, but there's nothing funny about what you're telling us, Right? Nothing. No. It's the hard truth. Really. Yeah. And I think you're laughing not because you think it's funny. I think you're straight up worried about it and you're nervous. So what, first of all, welcome.


I also laugh to numb the pain, Right? I get it. My therapist is saying the same thing to me before. Do you find that funny? Right. And then I immediately start sobbing and Yeah, but you know, here's the point, Paige, I'm trying to kind of get your attention. So glad you called us. The heart of the question is how do I introduce this to him? And you're gonna have to introduce this to him, not as a demand. 'cause you guys are already literally on separate pages. And so I think this has gotta be a secondary conversation. George, my take is we bring up the Ramsey way and all that as a secondary item to what we believe is fundamentally the most important conversation.


and I might suggest marriage counseling on this. Even if he doesn't feel like, and you don't have to go, Hey, I'm leaving you and they're not threatening anything. And I don't sense that from you. You're a very sweet person. I think you're a very positive person. But I think this has to be a, Hey, you know what? I'm rethinking some stuff and blame it on us. Say I started listening to The, Ramsey. Show and I actually called and, and these guys, George and Ken said that they, for decades through this company and through this program, recommended that married people have joint finances. And here's the reason why. And do we have an article or something, George, that we could give her? I, I know we've got some resources that we could give her to where she could kind of read it and set her up for the conversation.


But I, I would like to give her that if we can do that and Kelly will help you with that, I'm sure in some sorts. Yeah. Some way. But I think that's the first part of the conversation. George, what do you think? Well, I, you wanna lead, like Ken said, you don't want to be on the attack. He's gonna shut down like he probably has before. And so you wanna lead with I statements and then with we statements not with you. Hey, you need to be more transparent with, I don't know what's going on with this farm. You need to say, I don't feel safe financially. I don't know what's going on. Financially and I think we could do better as a family. I wanna see us build wealth. I wanna see us have margin and options and freedom. And to me that means debt freedom. And I've been following these, these folks at Ramsey and it's a, it's a common sense show.


And if you're a farmer, you're probably a common sense kind of guy. So I would try to level with him and the language he understands and then go into, I've been learning about ways we could handle money that make life a lot easier. Can I show you the plan and maybe you watch a video, maybe you read a book, you know my book Breaking Free from Broke. Or go through Financial Peace University and go, what do you, what do you think about this? And start the conversation to where you leave it open instead of a tight, angry conversation. But you also need to lead with the why. Why do you wanna do this? What is the emotion that's underpinning all this? And if he loves you, he better care when he sees you opening up about this and I assume he does. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Then it becomes, okay, what's the game plan?


Now we both agreed this is where we're at. This is the reality, this is where we want to go. And now we seem to align that this is the best plan to get there. That part's easier. Okay. It's the first part that's gonna be more difficult. These hard conversations where he's tended to shut down. Let's Load 'em up, shall we? George, here's what I'm thinking, I'm thinking financial peace. Let's get him, get him connected. A hundred percent in that. Let's get him break it through from broke. You're, you're a great book. Let's also do the OG Total Money Makeover. And the reason we want to give you these things, Paige, is because if you just start going, Hey, I'm reading this and I'm watching this YouTube video and you share with him him, he may think it's a fad or bad pizza, but if you continue to bring it up and talk about it as a part of this, Hey, I want us to get on the same page. Here's why I think that's gonna lead to the ultimate conversation, which is you don't want to have any debt.


So hang on the line. Kelly's gonna take really good care of you Paige, we're excited to have you here. Stay with it. Don't guilt him, don't nag him. Just dive into it. and I think he'll get to it at some point. I think he's a common sense guy. and I think he'll, he'll really eventually get to this point where he goes, oh this makes a lot of sense. So hang in there. Alright, quick break and we'll be right back with more calls. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds. Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. Thrilled to have you here. We're taking your questions about your money, about your income, your work moving up and your relationships. And always thrilled to have you folks with us 'cause we do this show for you. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Let's go to miles in Fresno, California. Miles How can We help. Hey, good afternoon guys. Hey, I had a quick question about paying off my student loans. I have about the 55,000 left to pay off. I have the funds, I just wanna pay it all off at once.


But you know, I have family members are like, oh don't do that. Just do big chunks at a time. But if I have enough cushion after I pay it off, I just wanna take care of it. Do you have enough cushion? Well, I guess to I, in my standard I do. So I think after I pay off my loans, my family and I would have about 35,000 left after that. Yeah. It's no brainer. When you say my family, like who? Who are these people? Oh, my wife and my And we have a daughter that's almost two. And then my wife's pregnant right now. No, no, no, no. George Saying no, I'm saying you said who's, who's telling you not to pay it off? Is It your wife or like in-laws? No, no, no. In in-laws. My parents, they say, oh, just do it chunks at a time.


Okay. Follow Up. Follow up Do do they pay your bills? No they do not. Why are you letting them have a vote in what you do with your money? I get, I think I just try to, if a big decision like this, I try to get as much respect information as possible and then, you know, sometimes they kind of backfires. Yeah, but you know what the answer is, you respect 'em and so that's why you called us. Presumably you respect us as well. I would hope. You know, maybe not. I don't know How. Don't know how you have Good advice. Yeah, Yeah I think, I think we do. Okay. It's gonna set up your family for success by paying off the loans and you have $35,000 worth of cash left over. It's not like you're down to zero. And even then, you know, we would tell you pay it off.


Keep a thousand dollars in in your savings for an emergency fund. But this case you're in great shape. I'd pay it off as soon as the phone call. In fact, I kind of want you to do it while we're on the phone here. I don't even understand their, their financial argument for why to pay it off in chunks. We don't care. We're not even gonna discuss it 'cause it's not you made It Makes point sense. I Loved your question. Do they pay your bills? I was gonna ask, do they tell you what to wear every day? Are they doing meal planning for you? They don't know. I do all that. No, I take care of my family. I know you do. Miles, you know why you called us because your gut and everything in you has told you to have a backbone and do what you want to do. But you thought, well I'll call these two guys and see what they Think. It's like being in handcuffs and saying, well don't un don't unchain all at once.


I mean you want to just take, you know, snip off a link here. A link that just get rid of it man. It's not doing you any favors. What's the total payments ad up to for these student loans every month? Oh, 700 a month. It's, it's ridiculous. You just gave yourself a raise. Gave yeah. Miles. Yeah. Am I right? You wanted to do this but you called us for one last opinion. That's exactly what it was. Then do what you were going to do. George and I agree with you. It's not you agreeing with us. Pay it off. It acts. I'm putting you on hold right now because you need to be paying it off now. There we go. Inside Two minutes. Go onto the website and hit pay. If this were a video call, like if we did that, we would have him go right now and do it in front of us And watch him do it a hundred percent to celebrate the payoff.


Yeah, you know what we would do then we'd call, then we'd make a snarky video to his parents and his in-laws. Say Nana, Nana, boo boo. Yeah. I hope they don't see, I'm not trying to disrespect. No, I'm kidding. Of course we wouldn't do that. I don't wanna rub it in their face. I'm sure they're wonderful people. But again, it's his financial life. He's paying all the bills. He's gonna be the one with a freed up $700 payment. George, I I, I don't know that I've ever respected your snark more than what you just did. You've Wonder got some. I just wonder, am I the crazy one? Am I so common sense that it's now insane? No, but I thought I loved how you just went. Do they pay your bills? I mean you challenged this manhood. Wow, he, I've never done that before. Smiles. You're the only guy that I've ever known to get challenged by George on the manhood scale and George just did it.


So Add that to my resume. Put that on my LinkedIn guys. Miles, I hope to hear of you hanging up on us here momentarily to go pay this off. I still see you in the queue Hanging off Dear life. Yeah Miles, there's nothing else to say my friend. We're moving on to Paige. Paige is joining us in Kansas City. Paige How can We help? Yeah. Okay. I didn't think I'd be nervous actually because I'm like, oh why? You know what? They're not ever gonna answer what George gets us all the time. Everybody's nervous to talk to George. Just act like you're talking to me. I'm the every man. What's going on? Sounds good. Hey, so we are military. We're getting ready to move in the next six months and we'll be buying what'll be our third home that we've bought and sold and moved.


Wow. And Dave briefly mentioned like that he didn't fully agree with like a BA loan but it wasn't the best kind of loan to get. And my, so my question was like we will be doing, hmm, probably close to 50% down payment, rolling off the equity of our current home and looking to do a 15 year mortgage. So is it still like, I guess what is his reasoning behind the VA loan that it's, Yeah, good question George. Not The Consumer loan. Well generally when people go after these VA loans, they do it because there's virtually no down payment needed, no PMI and no minimum credit score.


And so people do it because truthfully they're broke and it allows broke people to buy homes, which makes them broker and I hate that for our veterans. Yeah. I think they deserve more. And on top of that, there's funding fees between 1.25 and 3.3% of the loan amount, which can make your overall payment and overall interest higher. And so a lot of the times they, it just seems like, wow, what a benefit I'm getting And you're actually not getting the benefit. You think there's also strict property requirements and so you also have no equity when you enter the home, which is risky in a market like we've seen the past few years where it hasn't been gangbusters like it was years before. Now in certain situations, which might be yours with 50% down and If, you have a service connected disability, you can get the funding fee waived, which can make these a decent option.


Is that you guys? Okay, well no we don't have, we're he's still active duty. Okay. So we don't have, we wouldn't have that. I didn't realize that was attached to the VA loan. So here's what I would do. I would contact our friends at Churchill and have 'em run the numbers. Hey I want the 15 year fixed rate conventional and I wanna see the 15 year VA loan with our down payment amount and our home purchase price. And they'll show you the numbers, they'll show you what the closing costs are, what your monthly payment will be. And I'd encourage you to go with one that makes the most sense, that has the least amount of fees. Okay. So if that's the VA loan, it might win in this situation where we go, okay, that makes sense. But you might find the 15 year conventional with your down payment where you guys are at might be the better deal.


Okay. Yeah. We're all About, it's not a never, it's just that people who tend to trend toward these loans have nothing down and they're broke and they're about to take on way more than they can chew. Okay. That definitely makes sense. Yep. Well thank you for your service. Yeah, absolutely. Husband and well you, it sounds like they've done it right. Like just kidding. 50% down's. Amazing. That's 'cause they're rolling equity and they didn't get upside down. They didn't get too much going on in their previous stops And they didn't hang on to the properties. That's right where they went. Well we should keep it as a rental and be long distance landlords. 'cause that's smart. That's right. And you got three mortgages I could tell you had a warm feeling on your face when she said 50% down and a 15 year mortgage. I mean that one It Did. You don't, you don't get that question very often on the show Mean that, what do you think about This George?


How about 50% down and a 15 year mortgage? You probably thought you were being punked. Honestly that is a very rare situation to get most ti most of the time it's, hey, we can put 3% down on a 30 year, that's the calls we get and they have a bunch of debt, no emergency fund and they think well home ownership is the right next step. 'cause everyone told me, yeah, by all my family Ken said we gotta buy a house. What are you doing? Why are you throwing money away on rent? I'm tired of that rhetoric. It's causing a lot of people to stay broke and become broker. Gonna Hit you with a post-election. A question, see where your can't wait. Head is at, wait, you've seen where mortgage rates are at? You're watching this stuff all the time. Tick back up a little bit. Yeah.


Do you have a, do you have a gut, a feeling about the real estate market in general for our audience? Because a lot of people are thinking, do I buy now? You know, fed has kind of moved another quarter point, didn't do much. What are your thoughts on real estate and and should we buy, should we be sitting? I think rates won't change drastically over the next six to 12 months. So if you're sitting on the sidelines waiting for some magic to happen, don't, because if things do change drastically, I'm, I'm guessing home values will spike up even if rates go down. And so you're not gonna really get a benefit. So if you're ready to buy a home, you're outta debt with an emergency fund and a down payment, go ahead and buy. Don't wait until you know Trump, you know, gets into office in January. Don't wait for the housing market to do a special thing.


Just buy when you're ready and don't let anyone else influence you. Alright, Good. There it is. Simple Answer. There it is. But I don't think anything drastic is gonna happen. Yeah, it's my take. I love it. That's essentially your TikTok of the day. That's because you people are out there watching all this stuff and I thought, I wanna see what you're thinking. Clip That to your tiktoks. There you go to TikTok. We gotta get outta here. Good hour George. Always good. You held up good. Whew. I Got it. Cantankerous but joyful spirit. Yes, absolutely. This is The, Ramsey Show. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app.


Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play.


If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today. This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win in your life, specifically with your money in your work, in your relationships. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five is the phone number we would love to coach you today. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is alongside in his Snappy Gap kids denim coat. And it's actually Oshkosh Bash, but Thank You Okay? I'll It's a good, it's a Good guess. It's a Oshkosh is the better brand. It's been around a long time. It's high quality. Yeah, that's good stuff. Trey is gonna start us off this sour in Cleveland, Ohio.


Trey How can We help today? Yes sir. So me, me and my wife are having a bit of a disagreement when it comes to rental properties and we started off getting into real estate about five years ago and we purchased our for first house and turned it into a duplex. And her, her parents have been in the real estate industry for like 20 years and they have a specific way of doing things and I recently discovered Dave Ramsey and you know, trying to remain debt free while building wealth. And you know, they, she is more along the lines of pulling, getting a HELOC to snowball, being able to purchase more properties.


But I'm more along the lines of, you know, just save money, pay for it with cash because if you do the HELOC while yes, you might be able to buy more quickly, you're not really building wealth, you're just building debt quicker And adding risk, If that makes sense. Right, right. So you know what you wanna do. We're gonna give you the same advice you would give your wife. you have a better chance of convincing her. Why is she not convinced yet? Is she just so starry-eyed at the what's gonna happen with this property and all the money she could make? Well I, I think she, she trusts her parents. 'cause her, her parents have been doing it that way for like I said, 20 years. And then they're more towards the end of, you know, they have a couple dozen properties and now that about everything's getting to the point where it's paid off.


Seeing the, the big dollar signs at the end of it. and I guess trying to explain to her that you can still do that, but with, without the risk and paying cash, she just, I guess doesn't see Expedit Hard Time. And to her that's the HELOC with the variable interest rate that puts your home at risk. How much of a conversation have you had around the risk part? Because it feels like, I'm gonna take a guess. Tell me if I'm wrong here, Trey. My guess is because that's the way her mom and dad have always done it. She loves her mom and dad. She looks up to them massive respect. So they have huge influence, but she, because of that, she's never even looked at the downside of this. Is that true or false?


It, it's true, but you know, I I, I was, I grew up in a very poor family and I'm not gonna say I made the best financial decisions in, in the, in our marriage and, you know, as we've had kids, I've tried to change the way I do things. So, you know, even though I might have some good points, there's maybe a, a, a trust thing there that it, it might not be okay. The best decision based off that. Okay. So you're saying she doesn't trust your opinion Pretty much. Okay. But that's really not the question that I asked. The question that I asked is, have you sat down with her and talked about the risk of all of this and walked through it and forced her to confront it.


and I, when I say forced, I don't mean in your attitude, in your posture, but just confronting her with, hey, if this doesn't go well, 'cause you were laying it out beautifully a moment ago and I just wondered if, if you've actually sat with her and showed her a worst case scenario. 'cause that's what we would do if somebody called. Yeah. If somebody called and asked George that question, should I take a HELOC out to get into the rental game? He would walk through all of the risks and I'm wondering if you've done that with her and it, you said no. Is that true? No, that's correct. Yeah. Blame it on us. But I don't think that has any that, that her trusting you has anything to do with you making a good case. These are facts. George, what would, what would your three or four talking points be for him if you were coaching him up and then going, all right, Trey, head into the kitchen, she's waiting for you.


Well, most people are either motivated, motivated by the math side or the emotion side. It sounds like She is again, starry-eyed with the math on paper going, Trey, this is a no brainer. This is a no lose situation. Right, right. Because she's never gotten burned on a real estate transaction, and maybe her parents haven't And she's about ready to cash in on some stuff, right? Is that what you told us? Well, her, her parents have, her Parents have, that's my point. She, so there's a Fallacy here. She's seen all this. Yeah. Because I haven't been burned in the past. Everything's gonna be fine in the future. And Dave tried that. He went bankrupt doing real estate the risky way, and then he restarted and went, all right, I'm only gonna pay cash for my next investment property instead of short-cutting it.


And yes, it takes longer, but listen, when you get there, that thing cash flows amazingly with a hundred percent equity. And then you can roll that into the next property and the next one, and you move slower, but you move with less risk. but it sounds like She is convinced her parents' way is the best way, and therefore the math may not work here. And so you may need to go, listen, I'm a part of this marriage. I have a vote. I'm not comfortable moving forward with this and putting our home at risk with a variable interest rate HELOC with extra fees on top of that, let's just move slow. And if that means we're not real estate moguls by the time we're 40, so be it, we can build wealth despite not having 17 rental properties. Right? Right. But Truthfully, people who are into real estate like that, their risk meter is broken.


They generally don't have a lot saved. They're not putting money away for retirement. They're just hoping the next house deal works out and that that will provide them their retirement income. But we get the calls when they took out the HELOC and things didn't work out. And so I would encourage you to show her some of those calls from The, Ramsey, Show. You can just Google HELOC rental Ramsey on YouTube and probably find 17 calls where things went sideways. What do you think about that one, Trey? Oh no. I I I like that. I like that a lot. Just Say, Hey, will you watch this clip, the Horror stories? Watch this clip with me real quick. She's, she's, well, that's not gonna happen to us because I figured it out. We're gonna do it the safe way. And the truth is, he locks ad risks to your life. And here's the, the bank can take away your home if you miss or default on a payment.


And the other thing that I'm concerned about for Trey is that all of the stuff we're telling him, I think is potentially effective. The challenge, George, that I'm worried about for Trey is her mom and dad. If they're cheerleading on the other side, I don't know how, What kind of position. You don't wanna get in the middle of that. I think it Puts you in a tough spot. Now You're the bad guy, Trey. Is that, is that possible that no matter what you say, they're cheerleading on the other way? That's completely possible. The only Oh no. Absolutely. Result is that it drives a wedge in your marriage. That's it. Right. and I think you make this conversation bigger than that and say it's not about the heloc. This is driving a wedge in our marriage. We're misaligned on our strategy for building wealth for the next 20 years.


and I wanna get alignment on that before we make any moves. No, absolutely. That's, that might take some time. I don't know that there's a one conversation that's gonna convince Her might be some marriage therapy there. 'cause here's the thing, the hold that your in-laws have on your wife is massive. Massive. And what does she think this next house is gonna do for her? Is this just a stepping stone to get another he locked for the next one? Yes. Yep. Do you see where this is going? This is gonna be an endless chase of more for what? What is the reason? I wanna know why? Because her mom and dad, Because mom and dad, they've got the success. I wanna build loss like mom and dad.


She sees them go, well, we made this. And she wants to do the same thing they did. You, you compound how much she loves her mom and dad, how much she respects them. Plus mom and dad have a couple of trophies. This is a tough situation For sure. Here's an idea. When mom and dad pass, we'll inherit their real estate portfolio. Boom. We don't have to add risk to our life right now. Let's wait. We'll inherit their hard work and we don't have to put our lives in jeopardy over the next house that's gonna make us wealthy. Mm, Tough, tough conversations coming for Trey. Hang in there man. Share your heart. Hold the line. 'cause this is gonna take a while. I have a feeling. This is The. Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, this is Rachel Cruz for Helix Sleep and I gotta say, Winston and I love our Helix mattress. Winston likes a firmer mattress than I do, but differences like that are why Helix has lots of mattress models to choose from. So whether you sleep on your side, your stomach or your back, Helix has you covered. And one of the best parts for us was taking the personalized Helix sleep quiz. They matched us with the perfect mattress and it only took two minutes. We also got the Glacier Text cooling cover, which pulls heat away from our bodies while we sleep for the coolest, most comfortable sleep we have ever had. Not to mention our mattress and topper were all easy to set up and the quality is incredible. Plus Helix offers a hundred night trial and all mattresses come with either a 10 or 15 year warranty. But here's the best part. The Helix Black Friday sale is happening now. Get 25% off all mattresses and get a free bedding bundle on select products. Go to Helix sleep.com/ Ramsey. That's Helix sleep.com/ Ramsey. With Helix, better sleep starts Now.


Hey, if you're like me, this time of year feels bananas. Thanksgiving just flies by and then you blink and the kids are out of school, family's in town, and somehow there's glitter everywhere. Pure chaos. Let's face it, the last thing you need right now is money stress. If you wanna lighten your mental load this year, do yourself a favor and go download EveryDollar. It's my favorite budgeting app. And it can help you create a game plan for your spending so you can focus on what really matters this time of year. Listen, the holiday season's gonna be busy. There's no getting around that. But let's be busy enjoying our families instead of stressing out about money. Head over to the app store and download EveryDollar right now to get started for free.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. So got new people joining all the time. We've taken a couple calls today, people that have been just tracking with us for just a few months. And so if you wanna find out more about the baby steps, the stuff we talk about, find out where you are. Are you on track? You can take a quick quiz that'll check your progress and you get a personalized plan just for you. This is super encouraging for you, just clarity to know where you are and where you need to go. So head to the show notes and click on the link titled Are you on track with the Baby Steps Are you on track with the Baby Steps.


And take that quick quiz and it'll help you out big time. Triple eight Eight two five. five two two five is the phone number. Naples Florida is where we go next. And Beverly joins us there. Beverly How. can We help? Hi, I'm in trouble and I need some help. Okay, we're here for you. What's going on? Okay. I wrote a book, I hired a company to market it and distribute it in the whole nine yards. And it started off at $2,000 and escalated into $60,000. Oh my, they never told me in the beginning I had to pay for the printing of the books. They never told me that I had to, they were gonna set up a website and they would, they never told me that I had to have a domain and a hosting company on top of that $2,000.


So they were just big shysters. The the end of it was they kept telling me, yes, my money's coming, my money's coming. They owed me like $140,000 in royalties, which never came. And the end of it was that I did a merchant dispute because they were supposed to do an audio book, which they never did. So I put a $4,000 dispute in on that. And they, they said that unless I paid up my whole amount that I owed them, which was at $4,000, they would cancel my account, which they did and never did the book. So they canceled my accounts. Now I'm out $60,000 trying to figure out how to pay it.


Oh my God. My credit cards are, I assume none of this was real. Yeah, I know the Royalties weren't there. Did you did? There was never a book. Did you ever get a copy? The book was There. Yeah. Did people buy the book? I go, Yeah, I wrote the book. I wrote the book. Yeah. Right. But my question is, is if they told you you were owed royalties, that implies that you actually sold the book. It takes a lot of book sales. They to get 140 grand in royalties A lot, right? Well, well they were, they promised on their, their promissory, their, you know, original contract thing that they would distribute 8,000 books. Yeah, but I got new all over the world. Yeah. But I got news for you selling 8,000 books as an equal to $140,000 in royalties.


Both George and I are bestselling authors. So I mean, you just got completely scammed. Do you actually have the book in your possession now, at least the electronic version? Oh Yes. Oh yes. Yes. And do you have the rights to sell it on your own now? Yes. Okay. So is this publisher a real publisher? Well, I thought they were. Well, no. Have you done any homework to see do they actually have, is this a, is this a a phantom company or is this company exists somewhere? Well, I, I've been doing a lot of research on this since this happened. and I found out that they have six comp six different websites that I can connect to each other. Only one of them is registered in the state of Florida and the other five are not registered in either New York or, Yeah, this is a scam company.


They might actually put the book out to tell you, oh look, we actually printed the book. But I would get a lawyer involved if you want money back to try to, I mean, that's the, you're gonna have a tough time telling the credit card company. Hey, can you clear it for me? It was fraud. You spent the money. Well, the problem is I've been trying to get an attorney and, and I, I called the biggest one in the country and they said, no, it's too old because this is going on a year and a half, even though the, the last final thing was only a couple weeks ago. You know, I've been with working with them this whole time. And then the next person, the next attorney they called says, well, have you ever been turned down by an attorney? and I said, yes. Well, they don't want me. So I've, I've been trying to find an attorney and no attorney will take the case at this point.


I, you know, I don't know. What what do you Do for work? I go about getting, I'm retired. Okay. And the other pro, the other problem is I'm 79 years old. So Where, what is your Income? 24 years? My personal income and part in the business is about 1700 a month, which I have one of those debt reduction programs working Oh, With me? Yeah. Beverly, You need to never get on the internet again. You are getting scammed left and right. No, These companies, what they do, so they're Paying off one. Well, What happens is they tell you, stop paying your debts. Instead give us that payment. Let your credit score tank, let the creditors come after you with lawyers and lawsuits, and then we'll try to settle the debt for less.


Yeah, right. That's how it works. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. That's Why's red flag flags every corner. What can I do? And I hate that. They, they, I mean you were, you were preyed upon by these, these companies. Yeah. And so you need to go be on the defense for the rest of your life to go, I'm not gonna ever get scammed again and I'm gonna fight to get this resolved. And you may not get a resolution. That's the hard part. You may need to swallow the harsh pill going this money, I'm never gonna get back. And it hurt to get scam. Well, I, Yeah, I tracked it to a real person. I found a a a real person that has a real address and a real house. So I What are you gonna do? Roll up, up to their house with a baseball bat?


You gotta get a lawyer involved. I might, I might. I told 'em at the beginning. I said, you know, this hell has no fury like a woman scorned. Yeah, it's true with a computer. It's the truth with a computer. That's the truth. Yeah. But You gotta you gotta find, find some upstart young lawyer who's looking to make a name for themselves. And I would contact the credit card company, explain this and say, listen, this was, yeah. You know, obviously you took out the debt so it's not a straight up fraudulent activity, but you were defrauded and therefore you have no ability to pay back this debt. Do you have anything in writing saying they were gonna give you this 140 grand? I have a, an service agreement? Yes. Okay. I mean, I would find a lawyer who's a year and a half is not, you know, 50 years old And I hear something in your voice, Beverly, you're like, eh, but you just spouted off one of the great quotes of all time, by the way, one of the truest quotes of all time that hell heth no fury like a woman scorned and I would put that scorn into finding a young lawyer.


Yeah. Who is not some big firm. and I would, I'd find somebody that's straight outta law school that, that's looking to make a difference. I'm telling you, I would put that energy into that. That's the only shot you have. Okay. And you know what your only other option is, is, I mean, you're gonna have to pay the 60 back over time. And you have, you have an income of $1,700 a month. Yeah. Do you not have social Security and, and a lifespan of 10 years? Well, I hope you got longer than that, but, but do you not have, do you not have social security coming in? Yeah. Yeah. That's part, that's what's Oh, that.


Oh, I thought you said, well, you said in the business, in the business. You said something about your Business. No, no. The whole, the whole everything is, I mean that's my, my income. I have, my husband gave me $500 a month to live on and I have a small pension. I haven't only worked part-time my whole career. And then I have my social security. That's So is your husband still alive? Yes. But the problem is all our money is his money. He, he, he retired at the age of 50. Beverly, you Buried the lead here. The money we're living On, this is a whole different phone call now. Well, We didn't, we didn't. Well, I know, but I can't, he got screwed twice because of this company. I mean Company, the Same company. This one that, yeah.


I said Did he publish A book too? No, no, no. But he, they, they told him that the money's coming. They all they need to do is have 14, no $5,000 to pay the, the distributor. So I begged him, please let me do it for five days. He says I'll have the money by Friday. So I says, let me loan that money for five days. I did five days certain to 10 days to 20. So His money, so his money is in this too. Well, he, he got his money back. He was able to do a charge back and get his money back. See, this is the problem. And now They, You guys, you guys are living separate lives and your 79 years of age and your husband's like, well sorry Beth. That's that's on you.


Figure it out. Yeah, I know. But it's his money and his, you know, his in from his parents that he inherited. How long you guys been Married? I can't really. 40 some years. 43 years. The chances of you guys combining finances after 40 some, I mean, I hope it happens either. No, We do. I mean, I don't you just said It's his money. You literally just like gave him a pass. He's like, sorry Bev. Good luck with the $60,000 debt. I got my money back. I'm over here playing Es in golf with the fellas. And you're stressed outta your mind. This doesn't make any sense to me. This dude needs to help you out. He's your husband. If we don't laugh, we cry.


That's a tough situation. Beverly. I'm so sorry. Oh gosh. I'd file all the complaints. Get, try to get the chargebacks, do whatever you can to fight this, but just know you might not get a resolution. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am in The middle meet next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 Or go to xandr.com


folks, the Ramsey Christmas cash giveaways here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show triple eight, Eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five alongside George Kamel.


I'm Ken Coleman. Excited that you're with us. Let's go back to the phones. Detroit, Michigan is where we go. deis is there deis How can We help today? Hi, yes. I'm trying to figure out if I should sell my RV at half price and just cut my losses now Tell me more about the RV and what the debt is on it and all the nine yards that we don't know. Okay, so it's $125,000 18 foot rv. I now owe $105,000 on it. I've sold, I've gotten out of debt out of everything else. My house is gone, my car is paid for.


All my credit cards are now gone. And so this one thing I've had online now for a few months for $85,000 is seem to go down more and more. Now I have a hundred thousand dollars from the sale of the house and I was just wondering if I should just go on and, and eat that, try to sell it and eat the other costs, which is anywhere from 40 to $50,000. Yeah. Because this RV is gonna continue to go down in value. So what do you think, what do you think you should be listing it for?


'cause clearly 85,000 isn't low enough if it's been online for a couple months, if you wanna get rid of it quickly, we gotta lower it. So that would be the difference that you would've to eat. Right. So what do you think the right price is? Yeah, Well when I went back to the, to the dealer, which I know is the worst place to go, Yeah, they'll give you about some pocket change for it. Yeah. They were talking about 60,000. So, and, and the one or two buyers that I did have got away from me either because the, the van wouldn't start at that time 'cause I didn't, I hadn't been driving it for three or four months. As I say, I moved. So Not a great first date when you're trying to sell a hundred thousand dollars vehicle.


It wasn't, and I'm truly afraid of this whole a hundred thousand dollars thing. Plus I understand now that this over a hundred thousand dollars that I was going to use for my retirement will have a capital gains tax against it. and I don't know what, I don't know how much that'll be, like how much should I even put aside for that. It depends if it's short term or long term and how long you've held the asset and what your income is. I Just sold my house in April and my, my income is one 50 a year. One 60 a year. Okay. And where are you living now? I live in downtown Detroit, Michigan.


Are are you renting, you said you had the profits from the home. Where'd you go next? Right, I'm, I'm renting an apartment. Okay. So you're renting an apartment right now. you have a hundred thousand dollars from the home sale. Do you have anything else in savings or retirement? I have a a, a small retirement from the government and probably a pension I guess I'm 61 so I'm kind of downsizing everything for a possible retirement in the next five to 10 years. Okay, well remember retirement is not an age as a financial number. You need to be able to retire and cover all of your expenses and still have margin left over. So that's the plan I want to get you to. And getting rid of this RV is likely part of that.


Why'd you get the RV in the first place? Crazy lady. I got it during Covid. I had to get outta the house. Everybody was living with me in the house and, and my, both my parents passed during that time. So it was just an emotional buy more so than anything. I did make 48 states but it still was an emotional buy. So. Okay, so you owe 105 top dollar, do you think, you think you could get 75 or 80 private sale? I think so. I'm new to this. So 75? Yeah, it's at 85 now. So yeah, Let's say worst case you sold it for 75, you would owe 30 in order to clear the title.


So you take 30 out of your a hundred thousand profits, that leaves you with 70 grand. Right. But it frees up that giant payment. What's the payment on this thing? But it's 7 68 a month. Okay. So you'd get a raise right there just by getting rid of that payment and the interest. Exactly. It's $700 a year for the registration kinda thing. Well You got insurance and all the other maintenance and I mean it's, it's, that's an expensive toy so I would get rid of it asap. Exactly. There may be a, a better seasonality with the RV in, in your area. I don't know how many people are trying to buy an RV in November. Yeah. Not, not I, I know I'd have to wait till spring again but you know, I just didn't know if it was a good, if you are thinking like I'm thinking I'm, Well think about it.


You make an $800 payment for the next six months until we get into warmer weather. You just spend a lot of money to try to hope to make more profit while this thing continues to go down in value. So I might cut my losses now and take 75 for it instead of 80. I Absolutely concur that that is exactly where I was going when I asked you that question on what do you think the right price is in the open market, not to a dealer and let's make this thing attractive and get rid of it. Thankfully you got the cash to be able to to get hole on it and get it outta your life. Yes. And then we need to figure out for the next five or 10 years we need to make up for lost time and start shoveling away money into retirement accounts so that we have a nice nest egg. Exactly. Will I get caught on the capital tax thing if I put the money on that on the van Capital Gains?


Do you Know that there's capital gains tax on the sale of your home? Because generally I don't this first time hearing about it, Okay, you may not have capital gains tax. I would talk to a tax pro to have 'em look into your specific situation. But if it was your primary residence, you were there two outta five years, you know about seven in your single, your likely have up to I believe 250,000 in, in appreciation without taxes. 250,000 in appreciation. So if you bought it at two 50, you sold it at 500, you're fine. What was the purchase price? Okay, I bought it at 2 85. I sold it at close to 400 I think.


Okay. See you're likely fine. You're likely, I wanna speak out of turn depending on your situation, but you're likely not gonna have capital gains on that a hundred thousand that ended up in your account. And even if you did, you're talking zero to 15% for your situation if you hold it long enough. So again, I'd get in touch with a tax pro, make sure you're fine on the tax side, but I'd use that cash and get outta this RV and never go into debt again on a depreciating asset. Yeah, Absolutely. thank you. Delise, there's an rv. There's a lot Of zeroes on the end of RV mistakes. Yeah, That's so true. Let's go to Holly in Columbia, Missouri, Holly How can We help? Hi guys, it's an honor to talk to you.


Well I'm a little nervous but I'm excited. You're doing great. My question, my question is, I've worked part-time my entire life and I've never been responsible with money. I even have a bankruptcy and How old are you? I'm proud Of this. I'm 32. Yeah, I had a really bad marriage and we did some really bad things with money and just went into a lot of debt. But now I've been offered honestly the opportunity of a lifetime honestly. And I'm worried and I'm anxious only because I'm gonna be making really good money and I really don't know how to manage it.


So I'm calling in. I've listened to you guys for a long time. What Do you make now and what will you be making? Well right now I don't have a job because I just moved to Missouri so I'm just now getting back into the workforce. But I will be making 2017 an hour $20 and 17 cents an hour. Yes sir. Okay. Yeah. So that's about 40 grand. Yes. Okay. And you're going, I don't wanna screw this up. How do I make sure I make the most of this? Okay, Is that your question? Right. We got about a minute. Exactly that. So here's here's the deal. If you can learn to manage a little, you can learn to manage a lot. And so that that is, you haven't had a great track record, but that doesn't mean you can't improve.


And so I'm gonna gift you one year of EveryDollar premium to help with this. And a budget is going to be your best friend. It's going to be the boss and you're gonna be the boss of it when you make it. It's gonna be the boss of you during the month. 'cause you said this is where my money's gonna go. Every single cent of my take. Home pay is going toward debt payoff to the rent, to the bills. And you're gonna learn to live on less than you make. That is the key. And along with that, Holly, I'm gonna send you my book, breaking Free from Broke. It's gonna walk you through this entire process, start to finish from how to get outta debt, how to build wealth, how to avoid money traps, and how to finally get control of money instead of it controlling you. But I'm proud of you Thank you. You're making great strides.


Thank you so much. A new chapter for Holly is Inside. Yeah, yeah. Way to go Holly. It's exciting to see you start to make your way and, and do take advantage of this offer that George has given you. This is gonna help you so much just to know where your money is, know where it's going, and half the battle is just simply knowing. It feels like a Saturday morning cartoon message. That all came back to me. Mm Yeah. This is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman Field to have you with us. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in.


George, what's the best way to make the most of your money? Is this a trick question? 'cause I think it's the budget. It is the budget. EveryDollar makes it simple. It is. Our world class budgeting tool helps you plan your spending track expenses and save for what matters most to you. When you keep a pulse on your spending, you start to be able to make progress on your money goals. And you do all that with EveryDollar. You can download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play or click on the link in the show notes if you are partaking on YouTube or your favorite podcast app.


Alright, Honolulu. Oh boy we go. I wish I was there. I'm telling you Honolulu. You ever been George? No. I'd love to go. I Didn't think you had been. It's lovely. Should we Do a a couples trip? We should. We should absolutely do that. I think you would look great in a Hawaiian shirt. thank You. We'll get matching ones. Absolutely. Grace is there. Grace How, can We help today? Hi, thanks for taking my call. Sure. I have been working the baby steps for about two months now and I love my budget but my husband does not. So I'm wondering how I can get him on board. We've talked about it.


We've sat down and done the budget together. He'll agree to it. He'll say he understands it and then he'll just blow it up. So when you say blow it up, what does that mean? What does he overspending on? Is there a certain category? It's pretty much nonsense. He'll just try and spend money on things to keep him busy working on his car or spending on food and drinks at work. Sorry. And what is your goal by doing this budget? Did you guys agree on why we're doing this? So that's where I tried to start and he likes to live life now. He can't really see the purpose of getting rid of all of our debt and then being able to buy a home and like really fulfill our dreams with That money.


Have you told him that it scares you? He's okay living like this knowing that you're gonna be broke later on? Yes. What does he say when you share your honest feelings with him? He kind of downplays it. He'll apologize and then say he understands it but his behavior won't change. Well he clearly, he doesn't care about you all's financial future. He's being selfish going Well I just wanna do what I wanna do and no one gets to tell me and I work hard for the money. Is that about right? Yes. He actually said that the other day. Oh Well played. Look at that.


It's like you've done this a time or two. I can just hear this guy. I know him and he, he means, well he's a hardworking guy and he's just like, ah, she's always nagging me. I'm just trying to get a little snack here. He has no vision. I got a little hobby here working on cars. I gotta get the stuff for the grace. And so You gotta cast vision, you gotta cast a vision with this or else it's just gonna feel like A process. It's gonna feel more like nagging every time. And so number one, if he really, this is, is this is car hobby making him money? No. And it's not like a bunch of money but it's just one thing after the other. Does he have a fund money line item in the budget? Let's say 50 bucks. We do.


Okay. How much is it for him? Well we share it. It's $300. Okay. I think you need to split this out so he knows exactly what his amount is because that's confusing. Okay. Does do you spend two 50 and he gets 50? Do you both spend 300 and you go, whoa, we're over 300. I would split it out. So you have Grace's fund money and his fund money and if that's one 50 each and that's what you guys agree on, or you get a hundred, he gets 200. It doesn't have to be equal but you guys have to agree to it and that becomes the spit shake. 'cause it sounds like there's two categories. Food and his hobbies, right? Yeah. If we can get those in check, you guys make, you guys will make progress. Yeah. How much debt do you have?


We have 27,000 that I can track and then he has a credit card I don't have access to. Oh Boy It's, That's a problem. It's Not a military star card so we can't spend it on anything but like gas and anything on post or clothing and sales. Okay. But is there a way you can have access for transparency and accountability? Yes. I've been asking for that for a while and he just kind of puts it off. Hmm. Are you sure he can't make any frivolous purchases on this card? No. Okay. 'cause I'm thinking I've been to a gas station.


They sell a lot more than gas. Yes. And so I think it's, you have a right to accountability and transparency in your own marriage with what's going on with your money. So I think there's a deeper thing going on here. Usually it's one of three things. It's either there has been a lack of trust and there's a reason they're hiding this. There's been some trauma maybe from the past that makes them kind of want their own separate little parachute in case. And then there's also financial infidelity where there's spending addictions. There could be more nefarious things going on here. and I think you have a right to get to the bottom of it. I agree.


And it's, I don't think you need to do this in an attacking way 'cause that's gonna get him to shut down. But you do need to say, we have not been on the same page. You agreed that we need to get better with our money. You agreed we're gonna get outta debt. We said it was gonna take this long to get outta this much debt, this much a month toward the debt. And so far it's been derailed by a random frivolous spending. Yeah. That's very frustrating. I think you have a right to be frustrated. I do. I think this is a marriage issue. I think this is a, I think this is a sitting down with a therapist if we can't get it hashed out over a nice date night. It's so funny you say that because I know that usually This a conversation Having, Yeah.


What was the other conversation about the marriage? Yeah, just about what the spending habits and how he reacts to it makes me feel how, that shows me how he cares and doesn't care. And then it applies to other parts of our relationship too, where he'll kind of do the same things when it comes to feelings and opening up and Yeah, It's the habit. It takes two healthy people to have a healthy marriage. It takes two emotionally mature people. Yeah. To have an emotionally mature marriage. And I'm not, we only know one side of the story. There's usually three sides. His side, her side and the truth. But so far from what you've told me, he's got some work to do to kind of grow up and go, I got married and that means that two become one.


I don't get to live however I want. Yeah. 'cause it affects other people. It affects your future too. Exactly. And I and I, the thing that I'm concerned about and if he was on the phone, I'd say this, you're not just, you know, buying, you know, a handful of slim gyms at the, at the convenience store with with this credit card. There there, there's, it just concerns me greatly. And why does he need this credit card? He doesn't, he doesn't need it. But Let's shut it down. Well it's not that simple. He's, he's cut her out of this. This is why this is a marriage. I'm with you George, but I mean she's, this is a re Well if he's saying, Hey I'm not doing any spending on it, it's no big deal. Then go, all right, let's cut it up then let's, let's, we have our debit card, we're gonna use our own money.


Right. That was something we agreed On. I'd like them to discuss this with a therapist in the room. I think we need a third party at this point. Grace, he's not listening to you. Yeah. and I, I cut up my credit cards and it made him so nervous. He was like, what if we need it for an emergency? and I was like, that's why we have the emergency fund. Like we for you so much money for we don't need it. but it scares him. So I can understand why he thinks he needs. Wait. So all of a sudden he gets to be scared and you don't I know. Yeah, but Grace Good on you for leading this. You're modeling the way for him. I'm trying. No, listen, you are, keep doing it. But I I do think this is a, this is a therapist in the room so that we have a a objective third party who's a professional and you share your real concerns in your real feelings.


He's got to address this or else this will, if you all don't address it now, meaning he's participating, this will pop back up and when it does it will be really bad. Yeah, that's, that's Very concern. and I, I want him to be scared. He should be scared. He Should be scared for his Of his financial situation. That's right. And this is just exposing it by cutting up the cost And he should be scared of what he's doing to his marriage. Yeah, Much. There we go. That we got some, we gotta rise outta grace on that one. Alright Grace, You know what to do. It's not gonna be fun or easy. No, but It's the only path. I wish I could snap my fingers and go Well Grace, just tell him this one sentence and he'll just change. Yeah. This will be hard. I know this will be hard but it is worth it.


It's worth it. Well I appreciate The motivation from you guys be thank You. Appreciate. Well listen, listen, we're rooting for you forward. Yeah. Listen, we're rooting for you. Yeah. Okay. So hang in there. Alright.


For all of you listening via YouTube or a podcast, this show's about end. You can head over The Ramsey Network app to finish the show distraction free. Go further with all the show there and don't miss what's coming up next. Click on the link of the show notes for those of you on radio. We will continue. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep, you heard me. Right? Four free then right there on the home screen. You can watch the rest of today's show. Bad Bing, bad b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.