
Hey guys, this is Dave RAMSEY from The Ramsey Show podcast. If you're sick of money, stress, and tired of living paycheck to paycheck, we're here to help. Check out our latest episode, streaming now on Amazon Music, brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about life, specifically your money, your profession, and your relationships alongside the fabulous incomparable Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. We're gonna be together for you all today. Jade will lead out on what to do with the money, and I'll help out on how to make more money. So that's a good combo and we're excited to have you with us. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. You ready to go? Partner? Are you, are you ready? Gid up. Can you get all your vocal exercises? Me, Me, me? She's ready folks.


Aaron will start us off in St. Louis. Aaron, How can we help? Hi guys. All Right. Appreciate you taking my call. Hope you guys are doing well today. Yes, sir. Brief and to the point about a year, about last September, my wife had a, a major medical, something happened medically that has left her to where she's on temporary disability. Oh, I'm sorry. Well, thank you. It's the, the problem is, is that the temporary disability is less than half of what she was ma of what she was earning whenever she was working. Yeah. We're waiting for, we're waiting for some sort of a resolution to come with this medically so that way she can get back to work.


But in the meantime, the, the four hou, the four walls are built. The, I've asked her if we could sell the car, but that's a non-starter for her. So what she wanting, why Is that a non-starter? Because we was able to make the payment whenever she was, we was able to make the payment on the car whenever she was working. Okay. And she said that whenever she's able to get back to work, we'll be able to, to your car payment will be, we'll be able to cover that too. Okay. But what she's wanting to do is she has a hundred thousand dollars worth of student loan debt that we've already tried. We've already went through lower road and they're not in default, So we couldn't go through y refi.


Okay. So we can't refi the student loans. She's current on those. Okay. The problem though is, is that where we're at? What's actually killing this right now is the, we have about $30,000 worth of credit card debt. Okay. And she's wanting to do a debt consolidation loan. I've considered this. She's wanting to do a debt consolidation loan in order to possibly wrap those all up into a, into a lower payment, smaller than the payments that we have right now. Okay. And I was just kind of curious as what your idea of what your opinion is on this. Yeah. Before I get to the debt consolidation, I want to know a little bit more about the financial, the income situation. So she's on less than half. What's your, what are you bringing in every single month?


Monthly. I make, it's th I make 1909 every two or twice a month. Twice month. Okay. So 4,000, something like that. 4,000 a month. Okay. And then what's hers? Hers is, I wanna say 1800. Okay. So you're 38, hers is 1800 and Right. Is there, has anybody, has anybody said, hey, she'll be able to be back to work in in six weeks or she'll be back to work in 12 weeks? Has anybody, has a doctor given you some sort of prognosis on that? Not yet. No. Her right now, her life is actually being control. Her pain is actually being controlled by medicine and it's, it's called, it's something called trigeminal neuralgia, which is, long story short, they call it the suicide disease because it, oh boy.


A dentist drilled into her into the nerve. Oh. And her jaw, Holy smokes. Yeah, it's, it, it's very, I don't, I don't wanna say rare, but that's literally what it's called. And the only way to treat, the only way to treat the pain is with anti-convulsants. Oh, wow. So she is in mad pain. Yeah. Oh, I'm so, so sorry. Oh, I'm so sorry. Okay. Whenever she's not awake, she has to take the pain medicine. The pain medicine puts her to sleep. So it's, I'm sorry. Is there any end in Sight right now? No, there was a, well, and then that's something else too, is that we was told that there were two specialists that could do surgery for it, but there was a 70% chance that she would, that she would be healed.


The surgery was gonna be $30,000 out of pocket. Okay. And in insurance would not cover it. I took a loan against my stocks to put, I took a loan against my stocks to pay off one of my credit cards to get a better credit score so that way I could potentially get a loan for at least half. And then they was gonna work as a payment plan. But they said that unless we've able to come up, if, if we could come up with half of it, they could do it. But then whenever we got, we got turned down for the loan. So right now there's literally nothing else we're like on. There's no, there's no end in sight for this. Okay. Wow. Thank you for the information. Can't, I mean, my heart goes out to you. I know, Ken, you're feeling the same way. Yeah. This is terrible. I'm so sorry.


Let's talk about what you've brought to the table here. So based on what you just said, that there's really, I mean there were some options, but we really don't know, even if she does a surgery, it's only a 70% chance, all of that. You, you gotta sell this car. 'cause she's saying, oh, but when we're both working, we can afford it, but we don't know, like truly, we don't know when you're both gonna be working again and nobody needs that kind of pressure. Right. You don't need that kind of pressure. She doesn't need that kind of pressure. So tell me what the car, what you own on it and what you can sell it for. 2023 Hyundai Tucson. And we owe about 30,000 for it. And I booked it a couple of days ago and I think it books for like 23,000, 23 or 28, Like 23 I think.


Okay. And is that private sale it Had? Yes. Okay. I wish it were better. And is there any other debt? Any other vehicles? Any other thing else I should, that Ken and I should know about? No, there's no other, no other debt aside from, like I said, the credit card debt, it's about 30,000. And then she has a hundred thousand worth student loan debt. The house is completely paid for. What's The payment on that Tucson? The, the Tucson's 900. Okay. So here, let's go down the line. Student loans, they're private, I'm assuming, based on what you said. So it's not like they're being forebear like everybody else in the safe plan right now. You've got these student loans.


Yeah. You gotta sell the car. Yeah, you've gotta, I'd rather you be in $7,000 or $10,000 once you get a little beater than $30,000. Right. And that's gonna make that payment a lot less. So I would be on the phone trying to make that happen. I know you said your credit's a little sketchy, but let's make that happen. A lower payment's gonna really help you out right now to try to make ends meet When you do your budget every month, what's the deficit? What are you at right now? What are you, how much are you in red right now? 1500. 1500. So this is gonna help find some of that. And you're doing an EveryDollar budget? Yeah, she, she does the budget and then I review it with her.


But it's not EveryDollar on the app? No, but we do have it written down. It is a written paper budget. Okay. I want you to get EveryDollar. It's gonna help you a little bit more and it's gonna help you guys stay on track. 'cause this is also anything that can make life a little bit easier right now is gonna help you. And I want you to go through with a fine tooth comb. Where is it that we can skim anything out of $4,600 a month? Where can we cut back? What's your mortgage or your rent? What are you paying? We don't have, we don't have mortgage or rent. Okay. That the house is paid for. Great. And we paid off. Yeah, we paid it off like five years ago. Great. And do you have young kids? Anybody in daycare or anything like that? No. Okay. So where's this? The, the, my question then is those are the two biggest budget items and next to that is food. So this money, this $4,600 a month is going somewhere.


It's not going to a mortgage, not going to daycare. You guys need to get on that budget with a fine tooth comb to figure out where this is. Do not do a debt consolidation because can you And I know it, it ain't good. Yeah. And I, and I would just add to this, I, if I were you, I'd be working as many jobs as I could. I, we've gotta get the cash for this surgery. She can't keep living this way. You have to. This is so serious. It's the way you described it. If I were you, I would be doing everything in my power, everything that Jade said, plus I would be making extra money to come up with half the money that insurance, I guess has promised that they would pay. Yeah, That's right. To get to surgery for your wife. I mean you just can't keep this up.


That's my concern. So hang on the line. We're gonna give you EveryDollar so you don't have to spend any extra money right now. Yes. Hang on the line.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys. I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And Oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse. They've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, you're gonna have a crisis here and, and you know you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options and term take care of your dad. Gum, family man. Term Life insurance can replace income path. Dads cover funeral expenses. So your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying I love you to your family Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Michelle is joining us here in Nashville, our neck of the woods. Michelle, How can we help today? Hi. Thank you so much for taking my call. I'm calling because my father-in-law has been in the hospital in California for about three months. Off and on in critical condition. My husband just came back from visiting him and was given financial and medical power of attorney for him. And we have found after pulling his credit report, because he is an avoidant personality, that he is in an extreme amount of debt and he's behind on his house payments and we have no idea where to start to help him. Okay. Does he have any income coming in?


He does not. We have applied for the state of California, but nothing has been done yet. He was on FMLA leave, but there is nothing, there's no income currently coming in for him. Okay. Was this sudden like what some, he was working up until the point he was in the hospital. Is that what happened? Correct. So he ended up with a broken foot and he was walking on it because of complications of diabetes. Had no idea it was broken. Oh. And got septic. Septic. He has had three subsequent amputations and is progress just keeps getting back and back and back. Like backlog. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.


Okay. How much debt? What's the debt picture? So the debt picture is, he has credit cards, a vehicle and a home loan. His home, he is worth about $850,000 on a good day. He currently owes about $282,000 on that. His credit card debt. Oh, he owes about 26,000 on his car. And then the remainder out of that 65 and half thousand is credit cards. How much is the car worth? I would say it may be worth probably about 18.


I'm sorry, did you say 65 and 5,000 on credit cards Between the car and credit cards Between the car, You got car and credit card. Got it. Thank God. So what is his, what, what is the medical situation? Is he now going to be going into some type of care facility? Is that the next step? I'm assuming he cannot live on his own. Correct. So his situation is that he, they're trying to discharge him to a care facility based off of his medical insurance. He only has 30 days left at a skilled rehab facility. We have put in an application for Medi-Cal, the state health insurance to try to get him some options.


There's no current rehab facility to send him to. Ideally what my husband and I would like is to get him out here to Tennessee and maybe take the cell of his house and get into a home together to be able to care for him as he goes through the physical therapy and learning how to walk again and, you know, all of his medical treatments that he's going to need. But right now he cannot be moved from California. And how old is he? 58. 58. So let me ask a quick question. Why would you live, why would you, don't you guys already have a home or are you guys renting that, that's the part I'm not sure about is living together with him. What's, what's your current living situation?


We are renting, we're working the baby steps. We're on step two, baby, step two right now, we do have a special needs child and so we've got probably about $20,000 left Okay. In debt ourselves. So the the goal was to maybe use the equity from his home sale to go in on a home together that would have enough space for us to be able to take care of him and Yeah. Well, and our family. And why, The reason I'm asking all this is there's no question that given the situation that you, your husband has power of attorney on all this stuff on his finances, I would absolutely Jade sell the house 100% His house and clear his debt up.


I don't know if I like the idea of using some of that. This is where I'm bringing in my partner here. I have a check in my spirit. I got a big old Okay. Check. So I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll lead and go down on the diving board and then let her score my dive. I, I like him selling the house and let's clear his debt. He's got plenty of equity to do so, so he's now debt free. I am not in favor of, of you all using what's left of that to buy a house together. I think he needs those funds Yeah. For right now. Set aside for his ongoing care in some form or fashion. That's right. So I would, that's right. I, I don't have it all figured out 'cause I think this is a complex situation, but I would hold the money left over after paying off his debt and, and let's get into a, if we gotta get a different rental or something like that and maybe some of that guy, but I gotta check in my spirit about buying a house.


I do too. I I don't, you are going to be providing care, but I don't think this is like an opportunity for you guys to get in a home because Okay. I, I don't, I don't, I mean, there might be something that you guys talk about with him. I don't know how is he 100% lucid? Like he's got a power of attorney. So I'm guessing not, He is not making smart choices. He's been refusing medical care documented in his chart, but then he's telling us that he hasn't been, same thing. He says, oh, I only have four credit cards and we pull a credit report. Right. Does he have, does he have a will There? He has an outdated will that has his deceased wife on it.


Okay. And he has a trust. Okay. What I'm getting at is if there was something that you guys knew, hey, when he passes, we're getting, we were to get his house anyway or we were to get, you know, his assets anyway. If you knew that ahead of time, that might make this feel a little bit different. But because we don't have that, there's part of me that's like, Hey, right now we've gotta keep things separate. Help him out by, if if your husband has power of attorney, help him out by clearing his debt, selling the thing. Yeah. Move him when you can. And maybe it's just getting him set up in a, maybe he is staying with you at the rental if you have space. If you don't, maybe it's him being in a little condo and the rest is for his care. But I think that you've gotta be careful here.


I think you've gotta be careful here and keep your needs completely separate from his needs. If that makes sense. Yes. And I think you're a great person by the way. I'm not trying to say that you're doing, trying to be shady. That's not what I'm saying. Yeah, not at all. I just think you need options. No, the the only reason we had thought was him coming to us is because he's, he can't do cleaning. He can't get out of bed on his own. And so him living separately, if he falls or something happens, he's not gonna be able to care for himself in that regard. That I get that I is there space in the rental? Is there space, no space in the rental? I mean, not currently. We would have to convert the living room into a downstairs kind of bedroom area for him. Would You be willing to do that? I would be.


Here's your options. Absolutely. The, the options are you do that conversion like you're talking about. And depending on the amount, maybe you use some of the sale of the house to cash flow that Right. Or the other option is, I don't like the idea of you converting a rental. I don't know what that costs. So part of me is like maybe you move into a rental that has more space and you use a portion of like a small portion only if you need of that money to help float that new rent. But mostly the biggest thing is you're gonna need that money for his care. And so to Ken's point, we can't be blowing through that. I would take the chunk left over just to be very clear, the chunk left over from paying off his debt. So you're gonna sell his house, the proceeds pay off his debt, the rest of it goes into a high yield savings account.


Just So we can see what the future holds. I think there's so many unknowns that are out there. I wanna be in a strong as possible cash position. Yeah. And and it's not your responsibility to do that. You guys are already trying to get outta debt. That's right. I don't want it to slow your momentum. So getting into a house and all the expenses, I I agree with Jade. I'd get a better rental situation if dad's gonna be with us. 'cause see that's temporary too. That's right. You don't know what his health situation is. God forbid something go worse. But I don't think that's out of the realm of reality right now. No. Yeah. So the reason, I just want you to know why we're giving that advice. This is a, this is an onion and right now we want to have as many stable options as possible.


That's why we're saying don't buy a house with that money. Okay. Make sense? We don't want this. And then you're already inconvenienced and this can, this can really create hardship on you and your husband. So let's not make it worse is my point by getting into a house. Correct. We wanna maintain the family relationship and not let there be like any kind of divide there as well. We really do just want what's best for him in this Scenario then, then I would keep the boundary of not using his leftover money to buy a house for us. I just, I do, I would rent and let's see what the future holds. Okay. Yeah. Stability here, Jade. Yeah. Is essentially having as many options as possible. That's Right. You're right. When you have such an unknown topsy-turvy situation like that where you don't know which way it's going.


Yeah. I want to get a wide base Yeah. Financially and just kind of hold and, and just kind of hang on through the storm. You're right, You're right. You, you taught me that on the RAMSEY cruise. She saved me in a pickleball match. She saw me, I was all over the place. She said, get a wide base, Coleman. And I did. That's what I do.


Hey, technology has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Now the hot topic is ai and I understand that it might seem intimidating, but if you use AI the right way, it's just another tool to help you work smarter and faster like a calculator or a cordless drill. So if you run a business, you'd better get on board with it before you get left behind. And NetSuite by Oracle offers AI powered tools that help small businesses improve efficiency and make smarter decisions by bringing all their major business processes into one platform. That way there's one source of truth for the real time data you need to take advantage of opportunities then you can forecast better, scale more efficiently and streamline those manual tasks that take too long. So join the more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions that rely on NetSuite to help tackle some of their biggest challenges. And right now you can download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


All Right folks, how you doing on the baby steps? If you are new to us, you don't know what the baby steps are? Well this is also a good thing for you. Head to head to the show notes and click on the link titled Are You On Track with the Baby Steps and complete the quiz. And it's gonna let you know your progress status and you get a personalized plan on how to start moving through the baby steps. This is so important. So again, the link in our show notes will get you there. Let's go to Anne in Phoenix, Arizona and How can we help? Yes, I have a question about how much, what the percentage I'm currently putting into my retirement. I am gonna be 60 this year.


My husband is 63 and we currently have 400. We have about 400,000 in our retirement. And I, but we also have a special needs young adult child that we know we want to plan for. We've just gotten to baby step seven two months ago. So I'm feeling still like I should hold on really tight or can I relax a little bit? Or where should I go? And I'm looking for some guidance on that. Congratulations. First of all, let's not just fly by baby, step seven for real. How does that feel? It feels amazing, but I have lived until I found you all pretty hopeless about ever retiring.


Yeah. So I'm adjusting in my mindset to like, can I take my family on a vacation? Well, the answer is yes, Those pieces. Right. So I just, and and I always worry about the future for my daughter. I have own kids, both my oldest who have special needs and probably will never live independently. Sure. Okay. Okay. Couple quick things. One, I want you to, we, we were on the RAMSEY cruise. We had all these, you know, folks from the tribe that, you know, are baby steps four through seven. And one of the things that we kept coming into, it was funny, we would talk about it on stage. We saw it in conversations on the boat, but a lot of baby steps seven folks are still trying to adapt from intensity to intentionality.


And Yes, you're, so, yeah. You resonate with that. And you're so new at this, right? You've been baby step seven for two to three months. So number one, it's gonna take time for your nervous system to adjust because you have been so Yes, I feel that. Right? Yeah. And, and so I, I'm just calling that out to go, this is normal. Okay? Okay. It's, it's a function of how intentional you have been with intensity. Now we wanna begin to downshift from all this intensity and go, here's the good news, we're gonna be great. Now we wanna be intentional to take care of our daughter. So give us a snapshot of what you guys have in retirement accounts as of today. So as of today in my 4 0 1 B, I have about $357,000.


Okay. We just sort of discovered, you know, feels shameful, but whatever Roth IRA, so I'm, I've got 47,000 in my Roth, 4 0 3 B and or, and my Roth IRA individual, I Roth IRAs for my husband and I. Okay. Does he have any or are you just giving us the totals? That's the total. So it's all, that's our total 400. Our total is about 403. How old are you? Both 60 and 63. What's your house worth? Primary. Oh, pardon Me. What's your house worth? 437. Okay.


And you're about ready to tell us something else? Go ahead. And I'm the primary income earner. He does caretaking for parents and our oldest child. What is your income? About 250,000. All Right, that's great news. What in your mind has been the, the age by which you said, I'm out of here. See you later folks. Well, I thought I would never retire before. Right. I got some hope. So when I've been looking at it now, if I were to retire in seven years, you know, with that rule of seven, I think based on my calculations, I'd probably end up with about, and my current rate of retirement savings, which is about 19% of my, of our income.


I think I'd have about 1.4, but I just don't know if that's enough. Should I? Well, so 1.4, that doesn't include the house, right? No, Not including the house. All Right. So that gets us at, let's just round up to 1.9. So we're, we're sniffing two mil at that stage? Yeah. How much are you contributing monthly? Monthly. I'm putting in 90% of my income. I'm sorry, 19% of my income into my retirement. Do you? So that's my match. Okay. That's my Roth 4 0 3 B. Do you know the number of that? Just so I don't have to do the math right quick? Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, my monthly right now that's going in to Ross 4 0 3 B is 2,622.


Good job. And then, and then I have going into my match is about 1000 1,210. Wow. Okay. A So can we round that up Jade, to Yeah, we got, Okay, so yeah, we got 3,800, like Yeah, every month going in there. Yeah. 30. So what's going on here? Jade has got her trustee calculator out and she's doing a little investment calculator to run these numbers. What do you got, Jade? Okay. Yeah. So if you continue to do this, you're, you're pretty close to what you said. You're pretty close. I did a really conservative rate of return for the haters, but you know, I think that you're gonna actually do better.


So let me just, I think you're gonna be fine if you keep doing this in the next seven years. I have 1.3 million, you said 1.4. Great. Same thing, right? Yeah. The, the question you need to ask yourself, and I think this is what Ken also was getting at, is you, you're thinking about your special needs daughter, you have a paid for home so great that your special needs daughter's gonna have a place always to live, right? Yeah. If you pass that along, then for you, if you and your husband can live comfortably off of the interest on this, then you're gonna have this wonderful nest egg that is gonna continue to grow for her care. And so that's kind of the way to think of this is what is it gonna cost annually once you and your husband, you know, have beamed up?


What's it gonna cost you annually for her care? And is she able to draw that off of your nest egg without touching it or without, you know, deeply replenishing it? And I think that, and Knowing that we also have another child, so they would split whatever we've got. That's the other, the younger, yeah, good point. Yeah. Well, the only way to change this is you're making a good salary. The only way to change this in my mind is your husband to get a little bit better paying job. I appreciate what he's doing, but if he can make, what's his income? I'm guessing it's what, less than 40 his income. So he does part, part-time real estate, so it varies, you know, so it's probably, he's doing, you know, maybe six houses a year.


It's not a lot. But you said caretaking of some sort. What, what's he make a year? Gimme an average, roughly. He's probably making 10 to 15,000 a year. Okay. Listen, I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be unkind, and this is not unkind, but I'm gonna shoot you really straight. Are you okay with that? Yeah. Okay. If, if I was hanging out with your husband, I'd pull him aside and go, Hey bro, no disrespect, but your wife is seriously crushing it. And you guys have a really unique situation, and I'm not judging you at all, but you can make way more than 10 to 15,000, number one. And number two, you should be, let's just say he listened to me. He's like, you're All Right, Ken, I need to step up.


Let's say he got serious about selling real estate and he made a hundred thousand and all of his money went to juicing this retirement. If he does that for another 10 years, that's a million dollars, a hundred thousand a year. I'm not pulling crazy numbers outta my, you know what in IN Yeah, yeah, yeah. All Right. So this is all possible. That's the answer. We put an extra million dollars man in this situation, Jade. Now, now we don't have to worry about our, our adult child who is going to need special care. Exactly. I don't know why he's not fired up to do this. I'm not judging him and, but I am gonna shoot you really straight and go. He should be making way more money and every nickel of it should be going into Jade's fancy calculator.


Yeah. And I also want you to get on with one of our smart investor pros and talk about if it makes sense to convert some of these traditional funds to Roth funds so that when the time comes that they are drawing on this money, they're not paying taxes on and they're able, do you see what I'm saying? That money can continue to grow tax free. We want that for them. We don't want them to have to deal with that as they, you know, take your inheritance one day. And I'd play, I'd play This, I did that conversion process. Right now, everything's tied up in my current employers plan. So until I retire from that, I won't be able to convert. But that's my thought is to convert over time. Definitely. Yeah. The sooner you do it, the the worse the attacks hit. So You, you've done a great job.


Replay that call for your hubs. Hopefully you didn't get upset at me. I, I I just think that, that you, You didn't mean any harm, Ken. No, No. I just think that that is a massive play right now. If I was in their shoes, that's exactly what I would be doing. Right?


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news Knock box, that's n Okay. Box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy Memories, not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history. And one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's n okay box.com/ RAMSEY.


All Right, tonight, Jade, Dave RAMSEY, Dr. John Delony, back out on the road. This time they're in Durham, North Carolina. And this is a fun event. They just did the first one in Louisville. And do you say Louisville or do you say Louisville? Like I look at my face? Louisville. Oh, Louisville. Why did I have to look at your face? Louisville? What, what did that have to do? Do I look like Louisville? Oh, I don't know. I feel like I'm gonna get in trouble if I answer that Lewisville, Louisville, and then they're in Atlanta on Friday night. So we get two of these coming up. This is a great, great event if you feel trapped in the same patterns in your money and your relationships. Dave and John are doing a really fun event and coming to Phoenix, May 5th, Fort Worth, may seven, Kansas City, may nine. Oh, Kansas City sold out. Woohoo. According to my notes here. Nice and Fort Worth is not far behind, so you better move quick. If you're in Fort Worth or the rest of those cities, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. If you're watching via YouTube or listening via podcast, click the link in the show notes and you can get the tickets there.


Sarah is up now in Dallas, Texas. Sarah, How can we help today? Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call. You bet. I have a two part question. A little bit of background. I was, have worked for the last 10 years as a travel nurse and I was making pretty good money anywhere from like 16 to 18,000 per month. And I'm a single mom of six. And in December, one of my children actually unfortunately tried to hurt themselves. Oh. And so I gave up traveling and I took a local contract to, to be there to support them. And it came with a huge pay decrease.


And so suddenly my budget was not very good, any very affordable anymore. But unfortunately I had never really managed that money well, even though I was making a lot, I was spending even more. So I do have poor credit. I have an eviction on my record. I have a repossession on my record. And so when I, when I kind of found Dave and Money Makeover and I sat down with EveryDollar budget, the clear answer was to move out of our rental. 'cause we have a very expensive rental home, but as I started looking, nobody would rent to me. So the first part of my question is if you have any suggestions for alternative renting, like rental avenues to kind of get us out of this, because that would free up a lot of my budget.


Right. And then the second part of my question is I've, I've heard Dave say he has a PhD in DUMB and, and things like that on the show. I am having a really hard time with the shame and the guilt of not being able to provide for my family because I made so many poor decisions. Mm. And if you guys have any advice on how I kind of jumped that hurdle of the emotional weight Yeah. Well, and, and just feeling so pathetic and Well, let me jump in, let me jump in real quick. I'm so glad you're sharing that with us. But you aren't pathetic and you are gonna have to forgive yourself.


You know, the kids are doing their thing that's gonna all cycle out. I think a lot of this is a tremendous amount of guilt and shame over the kid who's trying to hurt themselves. I agree. And that's pretty dark. It's pretty dark stuff. And there's no way for you not to personalize your child's pain. There's just no way not to. So I don't have any fix with my words. It's impossible to fix. But I do hope you listen to me and you do forgive yourself on the things that maybe you should forgive yourself. And then also realize that you're not the blame for a lot of the stuff. Either blame for the financial decisions Sure.


But who among us hasn't made dumb financial decisions when we weren't healthy. Exactly. So you're a part of a pretty big tent and I hope that helps you with shame. Let me move practically real quick to the first thing that came to my mind on the rent situation. If you're not involved in a local church, there's a church on every corner in your neck of the woods. And I would swallow any pride or or whatever issues you have with faith, and I'd give the people of a good church a chance to help you. And I would go in and I would tell 'em your story. And I I would be, if I were in your situation looking for maybe an elderly couple, Jade, anything.


Yeah. An older widow who's got some space over a garage right now, your kids can adapt to anything. And I know you can adapt to anything and just a safe place. She doesn't care about credit score or they don't care about credit score. But finding something like that, I just believe that when we ask for something like that, we can find it. And when you seek, you find, and I would be going that route. I'm not saying that's the only route I wanna bring Jade in, but I did that just popped into my mind for some reason to give you a season to get stable. Because the fact of the matter is if your kid's not hurting themself and you're not having to come back to where you are, you could have dug out of this. Correct.


Yes. And, and that is a plan. I do have a wonderful church family. I do wanna say that. Oh great. But like you said, I will swallow my pride and go lean on Wherever. Lean on 'em. No, if you've got a church family, if you've got a church family, I'm saying go to them and say, I can't do this alone in this circumstance, but once I can get my kid back, you know, on the rails and all that kinda stuff, then you can dig out of this. 'cause with your background, you can make good money. So this is Temporary. Yeah. And that, that's the plan. We have good church family support and good family support that when he is in a little bit more stable place, other people can step in to be there in that role. And I can get back out and, and make a lot of money quickly.


Good. Yeah. This is, this is a temporary situation. That's the good news. The hard news is it's a very tough temporary situation. Right. It doesn't make it any easier. I agree with Ken wholeheartedly there, the people that love you are the people who wanna help you. And you have to ask yourself if, if I, if a close friend of mine were in the the same situation, you would almost be hurt that they kept it from you. Right. Because you wanna help. And so you have to remember that people have a heart like that. Yeah. I'm with Ken. I think Ken, I think you almost c basically covered it. Okay. Find a rental that's from a human being. Yeah. Not from an, you know, a, a corporation or an agency. People who can go, Hey, I know you, I'm looking at you.


I see your situation. I believe you'll pay me. As opposed to trying to go to apartment complexes or like I said, ones that are owned by Big Conglomerations. Yeah. I, On the other side of this, have, have you learned how to budget? Do you have, I know you, you're familiar with our materials, but how can we bless you today? I I'm working on learning it. I did, I purchased EveryDollar Premium last month and I'm trying to, to work on that. Good. Yeah. And yes, and and more importantly I've learned what the problem was that I just wasn't budgeting. Yeah, that's good. And I've really, that's hit home to hear all of you, but especially Dave and many makeover that, that I'm just not even watching my money.


So it's leaving and I don't know where it went. Yeah. Did you Say you have six kids? I do. That's what I thought. How old are you? I'm, I'll be 40 next week. Okay. And I don't normally ask a a lady her age, but, but there was a reason that I ask, I I wanna leave you with this. I've already gave you the pep talk on shame and forgiveness, but I wanna remind you that I don't think there's a tougher organism on the planet than a single mom. And you have already made it a long way at the age of 40 with six kids, you've already proven to everybody who knows you that you're tough as nails. Am I right?


Yeah. Yeah. So hear me, you can do this. I love that you were so honest and vulnerable with this to say, Hey, I know what the problem is, Jaden, Ken, I, I, I just didn't budget. Well guess what? That's something that's forgivable and, and you can learn that. And now you were just trying to hang on to survive and you didn't know how to budget. Now you know how to budget. You're getting better at it. You're gonna keep getting, getting better at it. And when you get through this storm, you're gonna come out on the other side. And I'm not saying you won't have tough days ahead, but you won't have to go backwards financially. There's no way I'm betting against you, Sarah. No chance you got me.


Yes. I mean, there's no there, there's nothing you wouldn't do for those kids. Am I right? No. Nothing. All Right. So shoulders back, head up. Forgive yourself, no shame in your game, mama. And we got six kids that we gotta take care of. One who specifically need you. So you gotta take care of you during this season. Get safe, get stable. You'll come out on the other side of this and you're gonna be fine. And your kids are gonna talk about how great a mama you were too. So hold onto that and we're here for you. Call back at any time you got me? Yep. Thank you. All Right. Head up, shoulders back. Great hour. Jade Ken Coleman. Well done my friend. Oh, little tear jerker there at the end.


It's tough stuff but community matters folks. It does. Community matters.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammer to find so Much. But delete me will Delete your data. Hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. So detailed and it's beautiful. Get this so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and save me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY that comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, their profession, and their relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number to jump in. We'd love to hear from you today alongside the incomparable fabulous Jade Warshaw and Ken Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Tina starts us off at Tucson, Arizona. Tina from Tucson, How can we help? Hey, Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. The purpose for my call today is just to see if there's other options besides filing bankruptcy. I've been told at this point that pretty much that is kind of my only option.


I've heard of Dave RAMSEY. I don't really follow the show and I was listening to worship music and ironically a segment came up and I happened to click on it. Wow. And decided, you know what, maybe I should ask somebody else and see if It feels like this had that, it feels like this might be a little bit of a divine appointment. Worship music to one of our clips. And now here you are and I can tell you there are more options but hit us with your story. Yeah. It's really strange because tell us your story and why it's really strange. Yeah, yeah. Go for it. No, so I just, I've been working in the mortgage sector for a very long period of my life. And in 2020, ironically when the market was sort of going down 'cause everybody wasn't able to work, we were super busy and slammed with loans and so at that time we were making a lot of money.


But ever since then and the market sort of turned again, my company has done pay decreases and obviously we're no longer making bonus or commission. So that's really affected my financials. And at this point, like I said, I've consulted with a few of different attorneys and they're all kind of on the same boat that really the only option at this point is to file bankruptcy. Why? Again, I wanna know your situation. Yeah, tell us your money. Give us the details of your debt. Oh, okay. So you want like amounts of Yeah. Tell us your debt and what earned so dire. Sure. So I make about 80 to 85 a year and before like pre covid it was almost like two 50 Sure.


Is what it was. So it's a huge sure, huge difference in in pay structure. Okay. My mortgage is about 3 0 5 right now and I have about $160,000 in unsecured loans. Meaning not tied to anything. Two Separate loans. Can you break it down? Yeah, sure. One of them is like 83,000 and the other is the difference of that one 60 To What? And then the credit card. Yeah. Hold on. Credit Card amount to about 50 Before Down speed through it. Like we need to, need to get a handle on it. So you said you've got 83,000 of just personal loans, is that what you're saying? No. So it's 83,000 is one of the personal loans. The other is the balance that makes up the one 60.


Yes. Okay. And and it's all credit cards you're saying? No, that that's just unsecured debt that is not credit cards. Right. And what, what I'm trying to ask you is, what is it, who do you owe this to? You owe 83,000 to who? So 83,000 is to a credit union and then the balance of the one 60 between the 83 and that difference is to another credit union. Okay. Now we're getting somewhere. What we're trying to do is we, in order for us to help you, we gotta know who we owe the money to. So we've got two credit unions in the amount of one 60. Yeah. 83 and 77. Right. And then didn't you say that there was credit cards? Yeah, so there's an additional 57 in credit cards. Okay. And can, is there anything else?


No, I I actually, I sold all my autos. I've liquidated anything that was of value to try to pay up the difference. At this point, I, I'm, I'm even selling personal items, just get buy like month to month. So I, I have nothing at this point. That's what's Left. Okay. So is it just you, are you single? Do you have kids? Yeah, I'm single and I have two kids. Single with two kids. Okay. Now let me, I, I'm just trying to get a background on this. I'm trying to see where your head's at. So before, before your income got cut, you're making two 50. How long have you been in the state of lower income? This has been going on for now, I would say coming up to three years. Three years, okay. And I've been, I've been managing, trying to pay my payments and obviously I'm not late or anything, but I'm at the point where sure.


Because my employer's planning on lowering my income again in the upcoming months. I've already been told that just based on business needs. Okay. I'm gonna be at a point where I will no longer be able to make those payment bills to. Okay. What will your income be? We're we're supposed to drop another $4 an hour. So we're paid hourly. Okay. So sorry Jade, I'm getting you some numbers here. So you're gonna go from 85 to what? Roughly? Well if you take $4 times 41 an hour. Okay. I didn't know we were doing the math on the spot before. Okay, I'll do that math while Jay's helping Out. Yeah. Can you do that math and then we're gonna come back to Ken to help you with the career side because you're gonna have to switch jobs. That's true. Yeah. What I'm trying to understand is did all of this come as a result of your $85,000 in pay or was this a result of before kind of living without a plan?


'cause I wanna know, are you able to meet your, does that make sense? Are we able to meet our bills now and you're just realizing, holy crap, I made a mess. Or is this mess a result of trying to live on an income that's just not sustainable? Does that make sense? It must. It might be a bunch of everything to be honest with you. Okay. Okay. I mean I'm not a victim in this situation. Obviously I spent the money, I'm the one who spent it. Yeah. You're not a victim. What you do next matters though. Big time. And right now the answer to the solution is lowering your expenses and increasing your income. That's always the solution. So while we have a little bit of time, Ken, why don't you hit the career thing first, because I actually think that's the most important in This conversation. Yeah. You, you can no longer allow this just to happen to you.


You've a lot, you've let a lot of this happen to you. And I'm not beating up on you. I just want you to know we're gonna have to change our mindset because that's really what's happened over the last three years. Well this happened, this happened, this happened. And you know, look again, we're not judging you. We are where we are. We know where you are. The pay cut is gonna be about 75 to $7,800. I did some quick math on that. All gross numbers. So not a huge amount, but when you start playing that out, it's about $600 a month and you need every penny of that $600 a month. So we cannot take a pay cut, you just can't. The idea of taking the pay cut and then going into bankruptcy is not a viable option.


So I want to get right back to the core question at the beginning of the call. That is a horrible option for you. What we need to do is, is take the skillset you have plus the experience you have had in that industry that is transferable outside of your industry. It really is. You need a better paying job and soon. And that's what the play is. And then you dig out of this, you do not have to file bankruptcy and further ruin your life. You can dig out of this. We've helped so many people do this and I know you're new to us, but Jake can, I mean we can do this, we can walk you through all this and get you out of this.


Yeah. But I'm gonna give it back to her real quickly. But you have got to get very serious. I'm gonna give you two things at the end of this call. Okay. I'm gonna give you my book, find the work you're wired to do. It's got an assessment with it. Take it. It's a 45 minute read that'll coach you through your results so that you can see what's out there for you. Okay? So I want you to have that and I wanna give you the book, the proximity principle as well so you can start really making great connections. 'cause that's where your opportunity's gonna come from. But you gotta make that move fast. That's Right. That's right. Hey, are you investing right now? Are you investing any money out of your check? I was. I don't know what you mean by investing. Like I was tithing to the church. No, four one k, no Retirement.


Were you doing that? No, I don't have any savings. Okay. I don't have anything at this point. Okay, great. And so what are you taking home every single month? Oh, you mean like after taxes? Yep. What are you taking home as your payment? It's like 2300 every two weeks. Okay. So I want you to have an EveryDollar budget. We're gonna make sure Christian picks up and gives you an EveryDollar budget. 'cause you need to see where every single dollar is going. And once you see that and you find out if your mortgage payment is more than 25% of your take home pay. If it is, you need to be looking at that as well because unless you really change this and turn it around soon. 'cause my guess is your mortgage is eating up all your money 'cause you had your mortgage back when you're making $250,000.


That's where I think the problem is in all of this. So it could be time to sell. I likely is,


Oh, I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my field of greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable infield of greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water and here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass but it tastes great. And only field of greens makes this promise Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's field of greens.com/ RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. Alright, I'm about to say what everyone already knows, but budgeting is a good thing to do now actually starting. Well that's where people freeze up and you guys, it doesn't have to be that way. With the EveryDollar budgeting app getting started is super easy and so is sticking to it. You can set up your first budget in less time than it takes to go through the Chick-fil-A drive through. It's fast. And the best part, with unlimited budget categories, you can customize it to fit your life. Grocery runs, coffee runs, or planning your next family trip. Whatever you have going on. EveryDollar helps you see exactly what's happening with your money. You'll know what's coming in, what's going out and what's left over for some fun because let's be real, you need some fun in your budget. EveryDollar keeps budgeting simple and stress free just the way you want it. So go download the app for free and get started today. Again, go download EveryDollar today.


Tyler is up next in Knoxville, Tennessee. Tyler, How can we help? Thank you for taking my call. You Bet. So I'm currently 22 years old and I'm struggling with the fact that my parents are kind of financially abusing me. I've been following the Ramsey's baby steps. I'm currently reading the Total Money Makeover book and I got my refund from school about in May and it was close to about $4,000. It was exactly $3,999. And I used that money to pay off my clearing of debt, my car payment, and as well a little bit of my credit card payment. And they weren't really happy about that. They were just absolutely furious about me saying that that was their money and about how the hard work they did to put me out here and everything like that.


And my head's just spinning about it. Hold on a second. Not sure What do, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. The money was from, was a tax refund for money that you did. Like W2 money Was a refund school refund, correct? Yeah, But they pay, did they pay for the school? Oh School refund Or did you pay for it? So, So they were helping me through financial aid. We took out a loan and as well just through whatever else federal work study as well. So was this, let me, let me clarify because the key word in student loans is refund. And refund sometimes means you took out a loan and the loan was too much for what school actually costs.


And so they gave you the money back in cash, but it is still loaned money. Does that make sense? Yes it does. So was this money that was still loaned money or was this actual cash that you had from doing work study and you were given that as payment? Clarify that for me. I believe it was a little of both from the work study and from the loan. Okay. And whose name is on the loan? Mom's and dad's or yours? Who's the co? Who's the signer on the loan? I believe it's mom and then me. I believe I'm the co-signer on it. Okay. So what where I'm seeing here is there's a lack of clarity on what's going on. So we do need to have that because you need to know if you receive $4,000, if it's student loan money, you should know that because you have the right to be like, oh my gosh, I don't want to be on the hook for that.


I'm not gonna use debt to pay off debt. Right. So understanding that's important, but it's spilled milk at this point. I can understand if it was loan money, if your mom was like, wait a minute, you took this loan money that we're both on the hook for to do this thing without consulting both of us because we're both on this loan. So I can see that. So I wanna put that out there. But you used a really big word earlier when you said, oh, mom and dad are abusing me with the money and I see no evidence of that. I show us that. Let us hear about that. So the reason why I say that is because one, when I got that money, my first instinct was obviously to put it towards my debt and my, my both my parents are both spenders.


My dad works in the oil field. My mom doesn't work anymore. So I'm currently in, I'm in another state from Texas. I'm from Texas originally. I'm in another state working as well as in school, trying to pay all this stuff and all the things I can do and they're helping me financially, but it's always about money, money, money. They, my mom just bought a brand new Mercedes. My dad spends money constantly on his new truck. Okay, What's that got to do with you? It's just left and right, but what's that got to do with you? It's just a money struggle. They've always been haggling me for money as well as asking when I ask for money if I need it, they just never give it to me or they're 50 50 on it. Okay, so but that's not abuse, that's not, I don't think it's abuse like it what, what I'm hearing Ken is, and correct me if I'm wrong, Tyler, what I'm hearing is your parents are spenders.


It seems like they always have the money when it's time for something for them. But when it's something for you, it's a big deal. And it also sounds like they've hit you up for money. Maybe you had your job in high school and they're like, Hey let me, can you spot me a 20? That kind of thing. And they never paid you back. Is that the type of thing As well as like recently they've been wanting me to get a truck and they want me to help pay a down payment and I've been telling them that I don't wanna do this kind of, okay then You don't have to dot have to it. You don't have to do it. Here's the thing, here's the thing. Your parents, you're 22 now, your parents can make suggestions. They can even try to like strong arm you to do things their way. But you don't have to my guy, like you can say, I'm just not gonna do that.


And that might be them being pushing some boundaries, kind of being, you know, a little disrespectful. But I wouldn't go the line of a of abuse would you Ken? I I don't know that I would go to that line. No, I would just, You're being very nice. I've heard enough. Listen, Tyler, there's two things, okay? Number one, I actually get your instinct and I your instinct to take that money and put it on debt. Great instinct. It's a good instinct. Wrong move, like right idea wrong. I'm getting there, I'm getting there, I'm getting there. I'm saying it was the right instinct. But you should have communicated with the parents because they're involved in this financially. You can do both and also be frustrated with them for all the stuff you're frustrated with them about and how they handle money.


I see all of this together. But the reality is, is that you and Jade's, right, you're 22 now. So now we begin the separation and now we create a little bit better boundaries. Yeah, you're right. You're right. And she's right. You should have communicated much better on this deal. What's done is done. It's, yeah, but let me be very clear. You need to stop saying they're financially abusing you because this is not anywhere close to it. And I'm not, it's Disrespect Not it's dramatic. And by the way, words matter. So when we think that our mom and dad are abusing us and then we tell somebody and we tell two hosts on a, on the radio big giant show, then we've now become, we we've, we've come to believe something that's just simply not true.


And then that colors how you handle things. You're right. They already handle money in a way that will continue to create tension for you going forward. That's clear. And by the way, good on you young man to go. I don't wanna live that way. Yes. So I like the direction you're headed. All that to say stop with this nonsense. Stop thinking it. Stop saying it. Stop feeling as though your parents are abusing you. They're not. And you just need to start to do things differently. You do. And honestly, how much are the student loans? So as of this moment, I checked last night, it was roughly about 40, 40,000. But going into next year I'll be a junior. So it's gonna be tacked on roughly maybe about 80,000.


Here's I transferred to the University of Tennessee. Here, Here's what I need for you. Here's what, here's my, we took some time talking about mom and dad. I wanna talk about Tyler for a minute because you were talking about mom and dad's bad money decisions, bad money habits. Tyler, you are following in those footsteps right now because you are taking on debt and you're going to an out-of-state school and you're doing all this thing just racking up money. And I know that you're young, but you gotta stop doing that 'cause you're gonna come out this thing with $80,000 of debt. And what's gonna make it even more of a headache is you're gonna be tied to mama. And so mama's gonna be breathing down your neck every month talking about where's the payment? You're messing up my credit, da da da da da. And that is gonna jack you and her.


Yeah, that's a great point. If I were in your shoes, I would be thinking long and hard about can I, do I need this degree? Do I need to be out of state for this degree? Can I do it in my home state where I have in-state tuition? And can I do it someplace where I'm paying, going at the speed of cash, I'm getting a job, I'm doing work study. Because $80,000 is a lot of money. Yeah. Especially when it's tied up with mom and dad. This is A great point because they overextend themselves all the time. And that's why that tension around money's always there. They have a scarcity mindset. That's what you described. And so tied to that, it's gonna make your life miserable. So we prefer you not to have any more student loans. But if you're gonna do student loans, do it without mom and dad attached.


At the very least. At the very least. And do it in states so that it at the very listen, don't hear me say get student loans, but do you see what I'm saying? Yeah. Yes. I understand what both of y'all are saying. And I've done the math as well. Even when I originally did transfer, if I was looking back at other schools and some schools were the exact same price of the same major that I wanted compared to here and what's the major? We really came to that. Sports management. Mm. So my school Originally, well let's say you 10. Well, there's two ways to skin this one. You know, there are a lot of people that would argue with me and debate me on you need a a degree in sports management. And that's probably statistically true.


Not knowing that major super well. However, I know it's possible to get any of those jobs without a degree. 'cause I can point to example after example. You gotta get in, you gotta get in, you gotta, you gotta sweep floors, you gotta be a janitor and then you work your way up to doing some type of analyst work. So it's possible to get into sports management without a degree. But I can tell you that my partner's right today, nobody cares where you get your degree from. They sure don't. So I listen, I know ut what UT costs for in-state students. I can't imagine what it costs for outta state students. Tyler, there, there's a better way. Tyler, no one has ever asked me where I went to school Ever. I'm not even allowed to tell anybody anymore. Nobody.


She made me stop talking about It. Nobody, no one's ever even asked me what I got my degree in ever. What'd you get your degree in? Music, commercial music. Well That makes sense. Concentration of vocal performance. And now you're a bestselling author. What a waste, what a waste of time and money.


As moms, we have enough stuff that we're juggling without pacing through a huge grocery store for hours and paying premiums for name brands. That's why you need to try Aldi. Aldi makes shopping for groceries more affordable, saving your family nearly $4,000 a year. And way easier. They take the guesswork out of shopping with better choices like their exclusive Aldi brands. So you can save money and time and focus on what really matters. So stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at Aldi us. That's a ldi us.


What if one night could change your future? You don't have to stay trapped in the same old patterns that have left you stuck in your money, relationships, and your life. You can break the cycles that have kept you from moving forward. Dr. John Delony. And I'll show you how live the money and relationships tour is starting this week. Join us in Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City. It's down to the wire. So grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


All Right. Our question of the day is brought to you by why refi. If you've got default to student loans that don't let you gain momentum, we get it. No judgment, but nobody is coming to bail you out. So take charge today@whyrefi.com slash RAMSEY. They offer refinancing to low, excuse me, to a low fixed rate loan built just for you. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


All Right. In honor of financial literacy month. As the cool kids say fin lit. Today's question comes from Tyler at the McDonald County High School. He says, how much of my check should I set aside for spending, saving and giving? I love this because he already understands. Those are the three things that you can do with money, give, save, spend. And honestly, Tyler, you could do the unequal portions at this point. Giving at, you know, obviously with giving we, if you're a Christian person, we kind of have the 10% as the model. That's kind of like the Thai thing. And that's a great place to start. If you wanted to give beyond that though, and if you, or if you saw other things that you wanted to do, you could saving, that's also very important.


Spending. So at this point, I'm like, the ratios mean less to me, it's more about the fact that you're doing all three. Because truly, like certain seasons might call for certain things, like around Christmas time, you might go, yeah, I'm gonna split this evenly because I want to, you know, give to my church and I want to buy gifts from my mom and brothers and sisters and all of that. So yeah, that's looking like a 30% deal. And then I'm saving, you know, the other 30 and spending the other bit 33 technically. But I think it's one of those things, as long as you're doing all three and you're shifting those ratios as the year goes on to make sense. Obviously if you were saving up to buy a new car, you might say, okay, for this season I'm, you know, I'm giving 10% and I'm saving 50.


And the other 40 is going for spending. Right? So you have the ability to do that based on what's going on, based on if you have any debt or not, based on if you're trying to save up for something specific. So that's kind of how that works. What say, you can comment in, I Totally agree. I think when you're a teenager, you're probably gonna go heavier on saving. So an adult maybe 80 10, 10 meaning 80 spend. 'cause they've got a budget, they've got a household they gotta take care of. 10% tithe. That would be under giving, if you will, to the church. 10% savings. I'm just making that up. I'm not saying that's our rule, but if, if you look at the 80 10, 10 80, so for you as a young person, you don't have a bunch of expenses. So maybe you're, you're only spending 20%.


Yep. And then the rest is broken down out of the rest of the 80 as Jade was saying that, I loved your advice on the seasonal, you know, you know, and by the way, that teaches a young person how to actually budget. Yeah. By adjusting the priorities. Really good stuff.


By the way, if you would like to enter our teacher appreciation giveaway, we wanna love on teachers, we love doing this every year at Ramsey Solutions, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher and I and I would guess that you could nominate another teacher as well. Is that true? That feels Right. That seems correct. Yeah. Ken, so what a, what a fun way to, to nominate some teachers. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher.


It's always big fun teacher. There you go. There Are things. Yeah. I'm gonna let that go. Just keep on going. There. You George Michael. Oh, very good. I was getting ready to ask 'cause I'm not good with the lyrics like the show. Is it a game show about the lyrics? Yeah. Don't forget the lyrics. Wayne Brady, come on. Shout out To Wayne Brady. If you would've put me on that show, I'd be the worst all time contestant. Worst. Oh, That is the one game show. You would be great. I applied to be on that game show. Oh, Well. America wants to see that. Yeah. Well, They didn't Take me well. Me on the other hand wouldn't get one thing. Right. It'd be the most embarrassing thing ever. Well, there's No clue. There was, don't forget the lyrics with Wayne Brady back in the day. And then there was a new one with Jamie Fox and his daughter, remember? Oh yeah.


I can't remember what that one was called, But yeah, there you go. James would be very good at the lyrics. He's a music connoisseur. He's Don't let James Fool you. Yeah. Coda Glow in stores today. Is that his album? Yes. Are we promoting his album? I just did. Well, I'd like to do more, what is it called? Coda Glow Code. Coda. Coda. Like when you go back and play it again. Like the, the Coda return CODA. Correct? Yes. Coda Glow. Wherever you can buy music. Yeah. Get It. It's, it's, I'm not supposed to be doing this. It's very good. PE James knows people send me stuff all the time and I'm like, yeah, that's good. Like I I, but this is really good. Is it an instrumental? No, it's him doing all his things.


James playing everything. James, This is very exciting. I apologize for not knowing about this and I will download it today. I'll introduce you two to the break. Yeah, great. Oh, very exciting. All Right, let's go to Kim in Detroit. Kim, How can we help? Hi, how are you? Well, we're having a blast. What are you doing? I Think I have a good problem to present to you present. It's about time somebody gave us a good problem. Yes. A lot of bad problems today. What's going on, Kim? Yeah. Tell us this. Good problem. Yeah, so I'm in baby step six. Okay. And I just got a substantial inheritance and I just wanna be intentional with it. Okay. So just looking for some advice. What, what is the amount?


200,000. Okay. Alright. And what, what was leading to this inheritance? What happened? Sadly, my grandma passed away just before Christmas. Oh, I'm so sorry. I didn't wanna move past that. So sorry about that. What a, what a tremendous legacy for grandma, huh? Absolutely. And it's put a lot of pressure on me to do the same for my kids and their future kids. Okay, that's great. All Right. That's great. So, so you called us. So what I'd love to do is between Jade and I, we'll try to help you spend that 200,000. How's that sound? Sounds great. Alright, so baby, step six. All Right. So what do we got left in baby? Step six. So we, we just moved into our house like four years ago.


So we still have the leftover of the mortgage, which is 190,000. Oh, oh goodness. Okay. But, but let me say, we don't have the full 200,000 to our disposable disposal right now. 'cause the first thing I did was I paid off our HELOC and I paid off a window installment loan. So what's left? So that took away six? Yeah. So what's left from there is 136,000. But that I, then I immediately took 40,000 of that and put it in a high-yield savings for our emergency fund. Okay. Okay. So now you're at, So We have about 90, 95. Yeah. Okay. So you got 95 to spend, Hey, you did the right thing.


We would've, 'cause we would've told you that. We would've said, Hey, let's walk through the baby steps with this. If you're in debt, let's pay off the debt. Let's build up the three to six months of emergency fund. No, and you did that. Is there any other debt other than the mortgage we should know about that's still there? Nope, that's it. Okay. So all those moves got you to baby step six. Exactly. Yep. Alright, Great. Okay, well I know what Jay's gonna say, so I don't need to say It. I mean, technically at this point, unless there's something else that you really believe that your grandma would love to see you do. If you always talked about going to Ireland and you wanna honor that and go to Ireland, you know what I'm saying? That sort of thing, then yeah. The reason the other reasonable thing to do would be to put this towards the mortgage and hear me say, I am not saying that you have to put every dime of this towards the mortgage.


I do think that there's something about an inheritance like this that you should be able to enjoy. Plus, to your point, now you're in baby step six. So it's not like this, all of my money must go to my mortgage. It's about intentionality. And if you take this 95 and say, I'm going to be intentional, and some of this, a portion of this will go towards the mortgage. Maybe a portion of this will go towards, I don't know, that thing that grandma always wanted to see me do. You you have that ability. I'm not gonna be like super, you know, strict robotic with this. How Old are the kids? There's three and five actually, one's in the backseat. So apologies if there's background noise. Oh, we love background noise. No problem there at all. So we have a 3-year-old and a 5-year-old.


Yep. Yeah. And if you're gonna ask about a 5 29, we're already contributing to that. She said, I beat you two. It, Kim, Kim, You literally took the words right outta my mouth. These people in the booth have never seen me speechless before. So way to go. So you're already doing that. Yeah. I, I'm with you, Jay. That was all I had. As a couple follow up questions on what are some options to do with the 95, because you're so close on the house, but yeah, I just think do what's right, what you think is right with the 9 0 5. Okay. What do you think is right, Kim? Well, my, my gut, my gut was to pay off the mortgage or as much as we can with what's left over. But in five years roughly, I think we're gonna need two new vehicles.


So I don't wanna take out a loan to pay for those. So I almost wanna keep some of it reserved for That. What's your income? 'cause our mortgage is only a 3% interest income is about 140,000 with me and my husband Together. I mean, I, I'm confident that you could probably save over five years to pay for those vehicles in cash, but whatever you run the numbers out and, and do what you think is best on that, but yeah. Yeah. Okay. Not a bad idea. Congratulations. Thank you so much. Yeah. Congratulations. Yeah. You're honoring your grandmother and I think that's really, really, really sweet and fun to see the discipline last little thing I'd say by leaving that much cash sitting around, there's a chance for you to get tempted to use it for something else.


Oh yeah. The Caribbean always calls, Especially me. Especially me.


All Right, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. RAMSEY trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling their people you can trust. To have your back from the first call to closing day, find a RAMSEY trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash If you are thinking about buying or selling a home, know that you don't wanna do that on your own. You need an expert in your corner fighting for you. The RAMSEY trusted program is the only way to find a top agent that you can trust that'll help you make this process a blessing, not a burden. Find a local RAMSEY, trusted real estate pro for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Or click the link in the description on our show notes if you are listening or watching via YouTube or podcast


Nolins is the way I used to say it. New Orleans for the rest of you. New Orleans is where? New Orleans. We go. New Orleans. Jeremy is there. Jeremy. How can we help? Hey Ken. Hey Jade. I have a not fun problem. Uhoh, which I sold a vintage guitar and found out 11 days later that the credit card that was used to buy it was stolen. Oof. So what's the rest of the story? So the, it's an expensive guitar. It's a $10,000 guitar. It was purchased overnight, which is not normal. So I'm, I'm a YouTuber. I buy and sell guitars and I document the process.


So this guitar sold and then I called the customer first thing in the morning and we talked for about 20 minutes. So this person knew vintage guitars. They said, well, you know, it's going for my son. And so I felt okay that this was a real person and a real transaction. Sure. I checked with, I checked with my credit card processor. They said, this is legit. The money's on your way to the bank. So I held the guitar for a day until the transfer happened to my bank. Okay. And then I felt comfortable to ship the guitar. So I shipped the guitar, but the first red flag was that the customer never told me that the guitar got to them. Okay.


And then, so four, that was on a Thursday. On the Sunday morning, I got an email from the credit card company saying, Hey, this is potentially suspicious. And then I heard nothing else until 11 days later when they said this was a stolen card and we're gonna take the money back tomorrow morning. Oh man. And so I, so yes, so I called the person that bought the guitar. They've never answered, they never responded. Of course they haven't. So you, you got God. So I, well, so I was able to stop the money from leaving. So my, my bank was able to put a stop payment on the a CH coming back out.


So I have the money, but I don't have the guitar. And now the credit card company has said that I have 90 days to pay them back. Yeah. Which I, I, I think that's unreasonable. Ooh, interesting. This is an interesting quandary because you are not the one that committed the fraud and yet you're the one kind of paying the price for it. It right here, here's where I'm thinking, like on the one hand, if I were the person with a stolen credit card and somebody used my credit card to buy a $10,000 card, I'd be like, I want my $10,000 back. And I would dispute it. Right. And I'd get my $10,000 back. Right. So they they have gotten their money back. Found They've gotten their money back found.


But you've lost your Guitar because I found the person whose card, I found the card, I found the person who had the card on LinkedIn and they confirmed that they got the money back and they, but they also said they reported it the same day. And did you, so the credit card, you reported all your stuff too, Right? Multiple times. And I've lost the disputes. It's been two different rounds of disputes and they say that I, I did not pass and I have to give the money back. Wow. This is, I'm sitting here just really processing this. Me too. Because it, it feels like there's some evidence here that a credit card company didn't do their job. They were alerted that this was stolen or that it was misplaced or whatever, and they still allowed the transaction to go through.


Right. And because of their failure, I'm just talking this out here, because of their failure and their process. You got, you got ripped off. Right. And you can prove this. I can you can get it. Yeah. I, I have all, I have all the receipts for those things. So the communication with them, the screenshots of the card being the process or that the money coming to my bank. Yeah. But what about, can you get an affidavit or a signed statement from the person on LinkedIn that said, we actually reported it, we can prove it, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. On the day they called. I bet. I, I, yeah, I bet I could. He's been very responsive when I asked Him. I, I would go that route and you know what I would do?


Okay is after I got that, I'd go back to the credit card company and go, okay, let me, let me walk you through where my head's at. Right. I don't think that you should be allowed to ask me for the $10,000 or demand it or take it. Here's why you all screwed up. Right. I have a signed statement from this person who said, and they can prove it. They got a cell phone call at, you know, such and such a date at such and such a time to you all placing a hold or a cancel on the cart. You know what I mean? You just walk through this and go look, I mean Right. I'm not gonna go down without a fight. Yeah. The merchant is liable for, for this. Yeah. And I'm not gonna be out 10 grand 'cause I'm out 10 grand of this guitar.


The guitar's gone not right. My problem. It's your problem on the 10 grand. The 10 grand is mine. Right. I would really fight this man. I would too. You can report it to the ftc. Yeah. You might just consult with a, a lawyer and do one of those free consultations. Okay's a deal to see the deal. Jade, I'm gonna make a statement. You tell me if you think I'm wrong. 'cause sometimes I can be cranky. Ken and James and my wife Stacy always call us out out. So I feel like I'm starting to get into, I li I like cranky Ken. Alright, so let's get into It. So James, this is cranky Ken on this, on his behalf cranky. Ken believes that $10,000 is a drop in the bucket for a big old credit card company. And if I become a real thorn in their side and promise to fight them to the bitter end and I become more of a nuisance than they want to deal with, I think they walk away.


But I think you've gotta send a message. I'm not paying you a nickel. Here's why I got all the proof. If we gotta go to court, we'll go to court. But you're gonna pay my, you're gonna pay my attorney's fees. I just think that they will go away. I really do. If you've got all this proof and you could show it to 'em and anybody with a brain can see this trail, that's what I would do. Yeah. Jay's At two. Yeah. I'm not sending the money back. I I'm not sending it back to them. Right. I I'm like, I, I believe with what, what Ken said, I think if you put your foot down and stand on business, as Ken would say, And there's my, where's my hat? I didn't bring my hat to the studio today. I got a standing on business hat and if there was ever a time to wear it, this is the call.


Yeah. I just don't, yeah. I don't think they wanna mess with this and spend all this time and money on 10 grand. They just write it off. Jeremy, what kind Of guitar was it? Oh, do you hear James? That's a good question. It was a 1969 Martin D 28. So it was the last year of a Brazilian rosewood back insides acoustic guitar. That's Brutal, man. Look at James. Yeah. He can tell he Shed a tear. I saw It. He's getting a little dusty eyed in there. That's a nice guitar. Those Nashville boys, no guitars. They do. They do. Well, listen, hold the line on this one, man. I I like our strategy here. I do too. I think this is a game of poker. Yeah. And I'd push all my chips in the middle 'cause you got the cards. Yep. Chicken. Oh, I chicken. I really appreciate it.


Chicken. Yeah. And thankfully having, having done the RAMSEY program for 10 years and being completely outta debt and you know, it, it makes it to where this is a lot of money, but it does not break us. Way to go, Jeremy. That's Yeah. Good for you. Gosh. That's been the piece through all of this. Good for you. That's great. That's Fabulous. Thank you all. Yeah. Sorry you got got, but hold Your ground. You learned something though, right? Did you learn something? Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. Very interesting. All Right, my man. Well you'll get the last word. What is your favorite guitar that you don't own, but you'd love to have? Oh, I would love to have a, a pre-war Martin Om 42. Okay.


A very pearly, very pretty guitar Who played it? It's Eric Clapton has played one. I mean, that, that's the holy grail. Those are a hundred thousand dollars. $125,000. Wow. Yeah. James has one right beside his desk. That's amazing. Yeah. Yeah. He All Right. I like that. I like to ask people those kind of questions. That's a great question. You knew he had an answer. Oh yeah. And somebody listening that was like gold for them for me. I was like, what was it? I didn't even know what it is. He said pre-war and the rest of it was Charlie Brown's teacher for me. I didn't hear that. I, well, I understood Eric Clapton, But I did appreciate that he said it was pearly. Yeah, I do. I like a good aesthetic description. A Pearl ce. Yeah, that, yeah. Yeah. That's great. A little, little pearly.


All Right. James, what's your go-to? Guitar money's no object. What guitar are you getting? I'm more of an electric player, but acoustic wise Gibson J 45 is what I would get. Who plays that? Oh, a bunch of like, kind of a full guitar, lot of bluegrass players and stuff Like that. And what's a mint condition? One of those gonna set you back. Oh, I have no idea to use the vintage guitar market. You can spend 20,000. I mean, they're crazy. Wow. Wow. You learn something new every day. Ken, I think you and I need to start a YouTube channel selling guitars. I don't know anything about 'em, but I can sell 'em. Okay, well I'll, I'll get got. 'cause I dunno, This is The Ramsey Show.


No matter what you want to do with your Call every customer, you, Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network. It's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. By the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now.


All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.