
Hey guys, if you're ready to get ahead with money and start building wealth this year, don't miss our free take control of your Money livestream. It's on January 23rd And you could win $4,000 just for signing up. You got nothing to lose. Go sign up right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream.


Live From Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell joined by my good friend, Mr. Ken Coleman, and we're here to serve you in whatever's going on in your life. Maybe it's the job that you want to quit, maybe it's that side hustle thing that you want to go do. Maybe it's how do I move up in my career, how do I get outta debt? We are here to answer those questions and help you take the right next step. The number to call is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Dante's gonna kick us off in Chicago. What's going on Dante? Hey guys, I just have a quick question.


So I'm $68,000 in debt, credit cards and loans. 50 of it has already been charged off from the bank. The other 18 I'm still currently paying off. So my question to you is, what do I do with the 50 grand that's been charged off? I don't know if I should do bankruptcy or like debt relief program or, or what are my other options? None of that. And here's why. Number one, you're not actually gonna change any of the habits that got you here. So we gotta dig into that part of what caused me to go $68,000 into debt with money I don't have. And the other piece is it will destroy your financial life for the foreseeable future. So what I'd rather see you do is go, what do I need to do with my income and my spending in order to climb out of this thing in the next 18 to 24 months?


If that was the only option, then you'd start getting creative. You'd go, all right, what can I do with my work? You know, what are you making right now, Dante? I do landscaping. So all this debt came. I bought a landscape business and I bought a bunch of equipment. So all this, all this debt is mostly used equipment. And So we do landscaping, but the last year or So we went kind of down and then winter we do snow removal. And when, when there's no snow removal, we went down even some more. So that's what ended up getting us into debt with much expenses. And How much value does landscaping equipment hold in? In other words is, let's say you paid X amount of dollars for the equipment, how much can you get for it?


Now I could get maybe 20, 25. They're all used. And then the other one was just like running expenses. So half it was used equipment, half it was running expenses. How much equipment could you get away with not having? In other words, if you sold it, it wouldn't put you in a tough spot given your current business load. I mean, I could maybe get 20 now, dude, and then maybe still move forward. Bro, there's the answer without hurting the revenue for the business. Yeah, dude, A hundred percent. Go do that. That's the 18 right there. Plus some you don't need Who, who, who put this idea of bankruptcy in your mind as the way to get out of this?


Just, I just been doing my, just research myself. I've just been Googling and trying to see what I can do. And then I like that was one option was bankruptcy, like I 25,000 in the credit card, 25,000 on the line of credit and then 10,000 on the personal loan. And then I have another, and that's 50. Those 50 is what's been charged off. And then the other 10 is on another credit card that I'm still currently paying. And then the eight grand is another credit card separately also. And I'm also paying that down as well. Now you said you were using it for business expenses, so your business wasn't profitable And you were artificially propping it up with debt? Yeah. Was it profitable now? Where does it stand Now where it's profitable?


Yeah, I, yeah. What's it making every month? What's the net profit? We are Net profit. I am not sure, not profit. Off the top of my head. It's roughly like one 20 gross. I'm paying myself like 40 grand top of my head. And I have like one part-time employee That you pay out of the one 20 gross. Yeah. Okay. So how do we get this business to where you can pay yourself 60? What must be true? I'm not sure I need help. No, no, no, no, no, no. You know the answer to that. You may not know how you're gonna do it, but what? Charging more, what's the more clients? Yeah, maybe.


Yeah. Yeah. Charging. Are you working 40 hours a week? How many hours are you working right now in the business? I'm working a lot like 50, 60 hours a week. Yeah, it's more clients. Yeah. I mean you, you know the answer to that. I think it's a great question that George asked. And I think you cannot let yourself cop out. Now, I understand the emotion behind your answer, so not picking on you, but I'm actually trying to encourage you that you actually know the answer. Because if you and I went to lunch today, they tell you who doesn't know the answer to that is me. 'cause I've never run a landscape business, George. However, I've run businesses before, and if I were to sit with you long enough, Dante, I then would be able to answer the question.


True or false? True. If I understood your business the way you understand it, I could figure it out. And so there, I wanna make sure that the mindset right now is, alright, I started out in this deal. I got over my skis a little bit, didn't have the business with all the equipment went through downturns. By the way, that's, that's the nature of business. I don't care what it is. Okay? And so you've learned a lot, but you've gotta make sure that you've got a mindset right now that you are not a victim. And so, George, I don't know why we're not talking about selling this equipment. We, we just brushed right past this. That to me would be a resetting of the business. Yeah. And then going forward, we're gonna cut up these cards.


We're not gonna put a dime on credit for this business or on a personal life. Can you draw a line in the sand today and say, I am done. Yeah. I, you know what I would do? Yeah. If, if he's got $20,000 worth of equipment and he owes 18, I would pay off the credit cards, cut 'em up, take the $2,000, and that becomes the retained earnings that we teach in entree leadership. And let's get that part going. Let's go. We got at least $2,000. And our goal is to heart is not touch that unless it is an absolute four alarm fire emergency. And I'm gonna build on that 2000 and have a goal to have 20,000 in the bank and then have a goal of 50,000.


Like, that's how you build a business. You, you go one month at a time and, And you take everything that you've learned to this point And you go, okay, now I know actually how I'm gonna increase revenue and I'm gonna keep okay, the revenue in the form of retained earnings and then paying yourself more, as George was saying. And in your personal life and in your business life, here's the number you wanna focus on is margin. It's the gap between what you're taking in and what's going out. So in your personal life today, what are your monthly expenses? Probably about 4,000 a month. Well, you just told me you're making 40 grand a year, which means you're in the hole by eight grand.


Yeah. Yeah. That's why these all credit cards are the way they are. So here, here's one lesson. We gotta go. What is causing us to spend $4,000 a month if that's cost of living? We need to find a different place to live. We need to get a roommate. If it's eating out, we need to cut off that whole piece and go, we're gonna meal prep. It's gonna be rice and beans for the next few months, maybe a year or two. So you're gonna do an audit, I'm gonna help you with this by giving you our budgeting app called Every Dollar. And you're gonna list out your income for the month, list out every single expense, and then see where you actually stand. And if you don't like what you see, change it. I gotta spend less. I gotta make more. 'cause here's the math on this. Instead of filing bankruptcy, what if you made a goal to say, I'm gonna be debt free in two years.


I'm gonna sell 20 grand worth of equipment that'll get me out. Right now we're down to 48 grand in debt. Yeah. That, that's the, so that's another question that's charged off already. What can I do with that? Well, you're gonna need to settle eventually, right? With the creditors. Yeah. So they're gonna be coming for you. I'd be proactive and saying, Hey, I'm, I'm trying to figure out a way to get this paid off. It's gonna go into your debt snowball and maybe a year from now they're willing to settle for, you know, 30 grand instead of 50. We don't know. It may not be new enough. You may need to pay the full 50, but this is not gonna go away. This is gonna take you busting your butt two grand a month toward the debt you're debt free in two years. That's the math On if you do what Ken And I said.


So bankruptcy is not the only option. You've got a ways to go call us back. If you need help, hang on the line. We'll send you every dollar. This is The Ramsey Show.


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing, and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This Is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Exciting day around here because we are launching our Investing Essentials event. It's a two night virtual event hosted by Dave RAMSEY and yours truly, George Kamel. We know investing can be overwhelming, confusing. It's not something that you can pick up in a 62nd social media post. So at this virtual event, Dave RAMSEY and I will walk you through how to maximize your retirement plans, how to pick mutual funds, how to Invest with confidence. And it's the only place to get Dave's personal playbook on real estate investing. And Dave will explain how he made hundreds of millions in property investing debt free. And he's gonna go, this is Nerd Ville. All right, we're gonna be, we got charts and graphs and formulas. It's gonna blow your mind. Stuff we have never covered here on the show. So join us Investing Essentials. It's happening virtually March 4th and fifth. And you can watch from the comfort of your own home wherever you are. Ticket start at 199 bucks. Get yours today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Or click the link in the show notes if you're on podcast or YouTube.


Let's a recommended snack for that, since people can watch that in the comfort of their own home. You kind of know the content. What do you, we went, What? You think we went deep into the cookie jar at the event and so I'm feeling it's gonna be a cookie kind of evening. Yeah. You know, Kind of a comfort food. Yeah, we're, and that's in March. You're kind of just like, get me to spring already. Yeah. So yeah, get your favorite snack and post up and watch for two nights. Now You are famously gluten-free. I think America would love to know. What is your favorite go-to gluten-free cookie. Oh, well, you know, you got Tates. That's a, that's a standard, feel like a crispy cookie. Okay. Chips A Ho did come out with one recently that hits. Okay. And Oreos now gluten-free as well. So there's a lot of options for us. Glu gluten-free gladiators out there. There's The bonus content you didn't know you came for today.


Thanks for thinking of us, Ken. Well, I'm always thinking of the people man. Of the people I've been told. I Love it. Well, let's be men of the people and let's go out to Christie and see if we can be service. Yeah. In Grand Junction, Colorado. Christy, what's going on Christy? Hi. Hey, how can Ken and I help? So I am wanting to, to buy a new car. I want to be financially able to buy a house and I am also needing to get out of debt. So I have about $7,000 in debt from school loans. I just recently graduated with an associate's degree and so I've been working a lot.


I also have a 4-year-old, I'm a single mom and I make roughly $2,000 a month. And by the end of the month I'm left with maybe like a hundred dollars to $80 to do things that I need to do, like get an oil change and buy clothes and stuff like that. And I'm just really struggling financially and I am done. I don't wanna be this way and I don't wanna do this the rest of my life. Love it. Christie, that's a great place to be. You know, being done is an awesome place to be. Now I know it doesn't feel that way, but George, can I get an amen on that? Oh, absolutely. So we can help. So Christie, what are you doing for your job?


I am a medical assistant. Okay. And you're making what, per hour? 19. And what'd you get your associate's degree in? Science. My associate's in, in applied science. And what, what was the purpose of that? What were you thinking? What are you aiming towards? What are you thinking about? So The original plan was to get my associate's degree to help me get a foot into the door for getting my bachelor's in Nursing. Nursing is very competitive and so having that on my record makes me look a little better, I guess, than most people applying. So I, So I just thought it as way, did you want to nursing?


So you want to be if I, yeah. Okay. So if we could fast forward your life, you're a nurse right now. Okay. Right. I'm asking that's what you want. What kind of nurse do you have any idea? I eventually would like to get my master's in O-B-G-Y-N and become a midwife, but that's like four years down the line. Okay. But, but let's stay. Yeah, I love that. No, that's what we're trying for. I Love it. But if we could be a nurse today, you would be a nurse, a labor delivery nurse. Yeah. Okay, great. It's really important that you visualize that and write that down. So the question becomes how much money and time is it gonna take to get the other two years so that you get the nursing degree and you're ready to go To get my master's, there would probably be another two to three years.


No, no. You don't need the masters. You don't need the masters to become a nurse. I, I'm asking what is it gonna take for you to be qualified to be a labor delivery nurse? I'm not sure. Okay. Hey, fun homework assignment number one. You got it. Okay. You, you started this call. Okay, I'm done. So before you lay your head on the pillow tonight, you need to know the answer to how many more years of college do I need to get a nursing degree? The second thing you need to know, okay, before you lay down your, your head tonight is in your area, where are all the institutions? Like a list of the schools that have nursing programs.


If there are some online programs that'll help you get certain amount of, I mean, I don't know. I want you literally to have a list that if George and I knocked on your door tomorrow morning and we said, Christie, what are our options in the future to get that nursing degree? You could hand us a piece of paper. Go, there it is, George, right there. And we would say, okay, great. And it has the, the, the cost. It's really important for someone who's in your position that's really frustrated with where you are in life to have a clear picture of what it would actually take to do the thing that you actually want to do. Because it takes away all of the fear. Right? Now you're in an emotional state that is probably frustrated and intimidated by what it takes to get where you want to go.


Is that true? Yeah, a little bit. And I understand your question a little better. So I, my to get my nursing degree, I would need two more years. That's What I thought. I have Two years of the prerequisite, prerequisite courses now. That's what I thought. So two more years of No, I'm kind of just waiting. Great. Yeah. How much money do we need to complete that two years worth of coursework? So I signed up for fafsa, which here in Colorado is a program that you can sign up for and it like signed you up for every single scholarship grant, anything that you can get. Yep. Perfect. So I think that I could get enough scholarship money to pay for my entire schooling, seeing as how I have a 4-year-old and I'm a single mom, Christie.


So I think that I'll be okay there, Christie, until then, I'm like, That's awesome news. So here's the deal. I wanna hand it over to George to kind of pour through your expenses. 'cause I think you gotta do some work there too. But here's what I want to tell you. I want you to aggressively be looking for something that's paying you 25, $30 an hour. Okay? Okay. Because it doesn't matter what you're doing now, it doesn't even need to be the medical assistant or medical re like it's anything anywhere that pays you more money than you're making right now. And the reason is, is to create some margin, okay? And then George's gonna talk you through paying off that $7,000, which is gonna also free up more money.


We gotta get you a raise through income and expenses. George, tell her how we're gonna do that. So Christie, my first question is, why are you paying 40% in taxes and deductions? Because you told me you're, you're making 19 an hour. It's about 40 grand a year, but you're only taking home 24,000 a year. Are you investing right now? No. So I am trying to pay back my school loans. I have $7,000 in debt in school loans. I just recently bought a phone too because my old one broke. And so that's about $800 to pay that off. And then my son is in school and I'm paying, ooh, $300 a month for that.


And I'm also on scholarships. So that is $300 with scholarships for paying for my son's school. And then just normal, I got food rent, so I gotta Pay. So you, when you say take home pay, this was after all of those other expenses were paid. Your, your debt payment for the phone and Okay, got it. That makes a lot more sense. Yep. So you actually have more margin than you think, but you're saying after all that's paid, I have a hundred bucks extra, I could throw it the debt, it's not gonna make a debt. And that's where Ken's advice comes into play. Think about it this way, for every extra dollar an hour you can go make, that's two grand a year at 40 hours a week. So if you can go make 25 an hour, you're gonna get a $10,000 raise. Can you get outta debt a little easier if you had an extra 10 grand a year laying around?


Oh yeah, Exactly. And this might be a side Hustle. Be done with it. Yeah. You might do your 40 hours. Yeah. And then do another 10 hours doing this. I don't know your your family life And you know, I wanna respect that. But this is gonna be some sacrifice and hustle. But to Ken's point, if we can get you outta the student loan debt, free up a payment, get you an emergency funds, you never have to go into debt again. Now we have a foundation to where we can step forward from a place of strength into that next piece of education. And then once you're a nurse, goodness gracious, sky's the limit. Yeah. And now you're gonna cash flow the master's degree. That's your next goal. So car and house. Okay, love that for you. That's gonna have to be in the line burner down the line. I wish we could do it all at once, Christy. So, but we need The car.


I am kind of in dire need of a new car, my car right Now. Then let's pause everything and stack up money for this car. And then we'll push play on the debt snowball. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've got a lot to keep organized in life, kids and calendars and car pooling and cleaning. I mean, it is so much. That's why you need a knock box. That way if something happens to you, you leave your loved ones with happy memories and not a huge mess. Knock box is a complete system to help you organize your accounts, personal history, estate planning documents, and all your other info in one place. I'm talking about everything from life insurance policies and social media accounts to your dog's vet divided into 15 simple categories. Plus they've got checklists that tell you what to add to each folder so your family won't have to guess where everything is. So start getting organized today@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. Your family will thank you. That's knock box N ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm RAMSEY personality. George Campbell joined my bestselling author Ken Coleman. We here. Hey, yo, George. We are here, Ken. We're live. We're doing it. Yeah. Call us up. Eight eight eight two five five two two five. And you'll be, you'll be blessed to talk to Ken today. I'll tell you that much. What? It's blessing. I don't know if I, boy, you're really setting me up there. Blessed. We'll See what Grant thinks. He's in Chicago. Boy, Now I gotta bless. Grant. Grant, How are you doing? All right. Hey George. Hey Ken. Thanks for taking my call guys. Hey, I'm really excited to say that right before Christmas, I paid off my house. So I'm officially on babysit seven. Way to go. I've got six kids. Strong golf clap. Thank you for that one Right there. You got how many kids?


I got six kids ranging from 12 years old all the way down to 10 months. Oh. So I got eight of us living in this beautiful paid off house. Good for you. My question is, we, I know I could save up for another eight years and pay cash for a bigger, better house, but by then my, my kids are gonna start graduating. They're gonna move out, Then you'll be downsizing. Would it, would It ever make sense under the RAMSEY plan to upgrade to a bigger house with another mortgage? Or is it better to just stick drinking this debt-free Kool-Aid and eventually pay cash? Well, in a perfect world, if Dave was on air, he'd say, well, I wouldn't want you going back into debt. But also, it's not a sin to go revert back to baby step six for a few years and knock out the mortgage.


And so as long as you're doing it, you know, 15 year fixed rate, the payment's, no more than a quarter of your take home pay. And with all the a hundred percent equity you have in the house, roll that into the next one plus any savings and try to minimize the mortgage and then knock it out quickly. All Right. So what are we talking, what, what would it take for you guys to upgrade to a home that's like, all right, we got room six kids, we got room for all eight of us with room to spare For, for all eight of us. It, it, look, it looks like if, if we hit something in the $400,000 range based off of our location, we, we'd be stepping up from 1800 square feet to somewhere approaching 3000 square feet.


Like 2800, 2900. How many bedrooms? That's What our market's looking like. Four bedrooms at least that's what we've got right now. They're just tiny bedrooms. But do you need five bedrooms, six bedrooms? Well, you got, you got multiple boys. Nope. One boy. The rest are lovely girls. Oh, I was gonna say, 'cause if it was, if it was mostly boys, just bunk trial them on top of each other, they don't care. They live like rats. Anyway, I got two boys. I can say that. Yeah. I Say live under a bridge. Yeah, yeah. I literally was gonna go that direction. But the girl thing, I I, I only have one girl and I don't know, I feel like I'm on thin ice if I recommend that. Ooh. Yeah. But you know, But I think you're just still going. All right. For the, for the house that we wouldn't want.


What's your current house worth? Our current house is worth two 70. Two 70. And let's say the next house was four 50. Right? And let's say you wanna do that. How long do you have? Is this a year from now? What's the urgency? Yeah, the urg urgency. No, yesterday I'm, I'm living my best life now. It's just close quarters. You're very Cheery for a guy with six kids. I'll be honest with you. How do you have time to make this call? I Got, I got, I got no payments. Okay, that's good. Yeah, But you also don't have any sleep either. Are you by, oh, here's a question America wants to know. I know this. Are you done having kids or are there more on the way? No, no. Like I, if, if the Lord wants me to have more kids, I'll have some more.


Oh God bless the Catholics. There We go. Whoa, ease. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Wow. Thank you Grant for that. You just Dropped Catholicism on him. I just thought maybe, you know, they're like, let's have more babies, more and more. But hey, I'm happy for you guys. He's living his best life. He's Not. So you think there's a possibility that more kids are coming? Well, everybody tells me like, you know what causes that, right? And I say, yeah, and I'm not willing to give it up. Well, you gotta a 10 month old than a 12 year Old's a big, you're getting partial information. No one says you gotta give it up. But there are other things you can do. Maybe you should seek a family planner as a, as a side to this call. Ken will Give you advice off air for that one. But yeah, Hang on the line. I'll Give you a couple tips when we go to commercial break.


Thank you for that. All right, grant, let's talk. He's not willing to give it up. Let's talk facts. That's the best thing I've heard in a long time. You're In baby step seven. Do you guys have a bunch of money in savings outside of your emergency fund? So not a bunch of money in savings. Why? 'cause I got, I got a little gazelle intense on paying off the house there at the end. I, I have three to six months of expenses. Okay. Because I have no expenses. But yeah, so savings are a little low right now. Okay. I've got, you know, 6,000 in the bank. How Much could you save up in 12 months for, you know, as a kind of a down payment plus your equity Plus plus equity? I would be approaching 285.


So you could save up, you're saying 15 grand in the next 12 months? I think so. Okay. So just set a goal. And are you're married, you have a wife? I am. Okay. I'm You. You didn't know The answer. Had that. You never know. Thought We had covered that earlier. But I would set a goal with her and say, Hey, here's what we're wanting to do. We wanna upgrade about a year from now. Here's how much I think we can save. We're gonna take all of our equity plus the savings and throw it at the next one. And then there likely will be a gap of let's say 50 to a hundred thousand dollars. And here's how we're gonna tackle that. We're gonna attack that. Okay. In two years or three years, whatever it is, just set a goal and don't let this linger and don't do a 30 year with as little payment as possible.


Get aggressive and get rid of it and get back to baby step seven in no time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you have Ken and i's blessing that you're not, you know, it's not going against the RAMSEY plan to, to get another mortgage and to be temporarily in baby. Step six. You guys have done such a great job. You sound like you're a young family. You've got a 10 month old. How old are you two? Yeah, so I'm, I'm 36. Amazing. And so if we say hey, by 40 we're gonna be debt free again, back in baby step seven, the house will appreciate. And so I would go down that path you got, that's a lot of kids to, to bunk in a 1800 square foot home right now. He's a better man than I. I'll tell you, You'd Be outta there. I, well I reached my max capacity as a father at three.


I didn, I readily admit that. I'm glad we have three plus. I Do think people are hardwired for a certain number. There's no question. That guy right there was born and created to father a lot of kids. He's very, very bubbly, very positive young man. I'm a curmudgeon with one child. No, you're a curmudgeon period without Children. Right? So we were hoping that your sweet little princes knocked off some of the the Ming she Has. She brings me joy. Yeah. Yeah. She's a sweet girl. Wow. We got through that one. Ken, let's move on to Federico all just down the road in Nashville. What's going on Federico? How's it going guys? Good afternoon. Big fan of the show. Just by the way, right up on Thank you Dave RAMSEY in high school, so Oh, nice.


Been a little while. Yeah. So my situation, I'm 23, I'm a recently graduated college out of Middle Tennessee University and debt free. I was able to pay it out of pocket between some what I was making in scholarships and stuff. So yeah, I have my degree in engineering and I started being a, in May I started as a NASCAR engineer for the number of 25 truck. How About that? How about that? That's really cool. Yeah. Was That a dream of yours? Yeah. Pretty fun job. I'm sorry, was That a dream of yours? Yeah, so I've always been in the automotive field or whatnot. I used to be a technician and, and I mean now that I have my degree, being able to use it for nascar, I mean it's definitely pretty cool.


Oh yeah, you can write your Ticket. I watch it on the tv. Yeah. Good for you man. Yeah, that's great. So What's your question? Yeah, so downside, it is a 10 99. It's my first year ever being on 10 99. I've been on W2 since I was 15. With this being said, I was able to, you know, get a lot of money from not having any debt. And I got, I, I was able to save 15,000 on my savings. I have about 3000 invested in dividends, yielding stocks and, and the SB 500. But with that 5,000, that big chunk of money, I didn't want the in better, worse, I didn't want the government to take it, right?


I didn't want just, just sitting there not, not compounding any interest or anything. So my big question was should I invest into max on my 2024 IRA making that a deductible for next year? For last year? You could, I don't think it's gonna be that much of a game changer. I mean, and if you did that in a Roth IRA, you wouldn't be able to get a deduction on your taxes 'cause you're, you've already paid taxes, it's gonna grow tax deferred And you know, you can withdraw it tax free and all that. So I don't think it's worth doing it for the tax deduction. I would do it because of where you're at in the baby steps, which is if you're debt free with an emergency fund, invest 15% of your income and because you don't have a traditional retirement plan, the Roth IRA would be a great place to do that.


Okay. So I do believe so I have my Fidelity, I believe it's a traditional IRA and I was reading up that you can, if your employer doesn't Give you retirement, you can deduct up to a hundred percent of it, which is 7,000 for one tax period. That's on the traditional side. Yes. And I'm saying that's one if I were you, I do Roth side, I wouldn't do it for the taxes. I'd pay whatever taxes are owed and I'd rather be tax free at your age. Man. That's all gonna grow tax free till retirement. So that's what I would do personally. But it's a great point. You can still max out your Roth IRA for 2024 people until tax day. So get to it. This is The Ramsey Show.


Self-defense can be a complicated issue, but there's one solution that makes it a lot easier. A burna launcher burners look like firearms, but they're not. They're non-lethal self-defense tools. They shoot chemical irritant projectiles that stop a threat in its tracks without the fatal consequences of a gun burner. Launchers have been vetted by government agencies, police forces and private security agencies worldwide. And no permits or background checks are required to buy or own. One plus burners are lightweight, easy to carry and Give you the power to protect yourself and your family even if you're not comfortable with traditional firearms. Not to mention they have more than 15,005 star reviews. And right now RAMSEY fans can get 10% off and exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYR nna.com/dave.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you By Why Refi student loan debt is a swamp. Thousands of people find it hard to escape from. So don't be another statistic in the student loan swamp for distressed private student loans. There's Why Refi we trust, Why Refi? Because they help you with a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and get out of debt. Learn more at Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Today's Question comes from Maria in Connecticut. I recently received my license to practice architecture. I'll be having a conversation soon with the management at my current job about a new role in the responsibilities that come with it. I also suspect that with those responsibilities will come a pay increase. My employer has always been generous. However, I would like to go into that meeting with an idea of what a fair salary looks like. I understand there are nuances to salary such as your, your years of experience, geographical location and specialty. I wanna manage my expectations of, of what their offer might be so that I can be grateful to my employer if it's generous. Oh that's fun. If it's generous, I wanna be grateful if it's generous.


On the other hand, here's the, here's the other one. If, if I'm offered less than expect that I wanna be prepared to find out why Prove my value and prove my value. Where can I find accurate Sally data to know what fair is? Well there's no bible on this so let's start with that. There's no one source. There are multiple sources. I would be checking job sites and, and, and again, I'm not gonna say names 'cause I'm not endorsing, but you can go look and try to get a range with research. You can also, I would consult LinkedIn, you know, reach out to people that you know have similar experience.


There are ways to get a range and what you wanna do is get a range. And you already laid out in your question, Maria, what we're looking at here, geographic region. You start with that 'cause that's very, very different. You know what region you're in, you look at years of experience, qualifications, et cetera, et cetera. And because this is a new qualification that you will be getting, you are going to be at the bottom rung of the experience ladder. And so you've gotta take that into account. So I think you've got enough markers to be able to do pretty good research and have an idea of the range of what you want, but do not lose sight of the fact that this employer has, by your words, always been very generous to you.


And this is an opportunity to make a nice pivot. And even if it's not exactly what you want, you can't get lost in the number being absolutely ideal. You have to focus George on the fact that you've made the switch and now you're in the line of work you want to be in And you got a chance to get experience which sets you up for your future. So mindset and prioritizing your focus is the key here on how to handle this conversation going forward. Yeah, to your point Ken, the, and the initial number is less important to me. It's more about how quality is the leadership at this company. What does a growth track look like in the role that I'm in?


That's what I'm more interested in versus what am I making day one when I just got my license. Right? And she knows these folks, she feels valued by them and appears. So that's a pretty good situation to be able to make that pivot. Yeah. But I think having a range in your mind is good. It's not gonna be $30,000, it's not gonna be $300,000. So having a range is good. I wouldn't plant on one specific number and if it's a dollar less, I'm going to leave. Yeah, that feels unhealthy at that point. I agree with you there. Alright, let's go out to the phones. Thomas is in Sacramento up next. What's going on Thomas? Hello. How's it going? Great. How can we help? So my question is, my wife recent, not recently but a couple years ago was diagnosed with cancer and had her, his had a hysterectomy.


And so we're trying to have a surrogacy to have a biological child and we're just trying to find out the best, smartest way to get that much cash. 'cause it's around, it depends on how we do it, but like 80 to a hundred K. And So we have like 40 saved up. But yeah, I just don't know if we should sell our stuff like our hou like our other house or What do you mean? What do you mean by other house? Tell us about like An investment property. She, well she is, we were both in the military and then I got out and then she piece moved.


So now we live in California. So our old house in Arkansas, we just rented it out at the time. What's it worth and what do you owe on it? We owe like one 70 and Zillow says like two 70. I think we just found our answer man. There's the answer. I think this baby trumps having an investment property. Yeah. Are you guys gonna be financially okay losing the rental income? Yeah, the, I mean we only make like a hundred bucks after 'cause we don't charge that much rent man. But the other issue too is she's in the mil, they're gonna kick her out of the military because of the cancer has reoccurred now a couple times.


So then we're losing, she's primary breadwinner. What Does kickout mean? They just medically separate. Like they look at her and go, well she's can't deploy. She can't do her, she can't do her job. I mean she could still do her job but she can't deploy. So they're gonna medically separate her essentially. We'll get a, keep the health insurance. That's good. Okay. But the And is there any income that will still come in? Yeah, she, we don't know exactly how much she'll get VA disability. Okay. But they won't give us that rating until kind of the final steps. Like that's like right before they do the deed, they pretty much tell her, okay, you're gonna get this.


But we're estimating, I mean with cancer she should get a hundred percent but you can never be too certain. Yeah. So what would your income need to go to to make you feel comfortable after all of this? We've already figured out how to fund the, Yeah, I would've told you to sell this house even if this wasn't the case. I agree. I agree. Just to not be a long distance landlord and be done with it. So we have one thing solved. Okay. Sell it, take all the profits and use it to fund this surrogacy. You've already got 40,000 in the bank and so Yeah, so let's say you walk with, what did we say? You said it was worth what? Two 80 you Said? Two 70. Two 70. I Mean I take Zillow with a grain of salt. It could be a right, it could be way more than that. I feel like it, I feel like it's overpr on Zillow personally, but I mean I don't know much.


But you Still stand to walk with about a hundred thousand or 80,000. Yeah. Somewhere in that range. Yeah, I would something like that. Which Which on top of your 40 is more than enough to cover This that takes care of that plus Emergency Fund. That's right. So what kind of income would you need to, how, how much would you need to increase your income to make you feel calm at night? Not knowing what that military number is gonna play out to be. That's like the big issue is I don't really know because, right, well sure you do. She's definitely gonna lose like two, she's gonna lose like two to 3000 a month in income. But w once she gets kicked out, we don't have to live where we live because you know, we're the military's making us live here.


So It's like we can, but what's a conservative, what's a conservative number? Can we say 36,000? Like if you increased your income by 30, if she's gonna stand to lose 3000 a month, I'm being very conservative 'cause I'm thinking ahead, I'm thinking rainy day, what's the umbrella? So what I'm asking you is, does that make sense? If not, gimme another number. Yeah, that sounds about right. Probably another 20 to 30, somewhere in that range that I would have to supplement to be comfortable living where we're at. I mean we could deal with, 'cause we already dropped like 3000 in savings each month right now. So I mean we could, you've Got margin theoretical, Which is fine. Yeah we would be fine but then we wouldn't be able to be, 'cause we're already pretty tight with our money So we would don't But don't do that.


Don't accept that. In other words, I appreciate what you're saying from a number standpoint, from an attitude standpoint, I'd prefer you go, I'm not gonna deal with anything. I'm gonna happen to something. Yeah. And so I'm gonna go make an additional, I'd like to see you try to make an additional 2,500 a month to come up with an additional $30,000 a year. I don't care how you do it, but if it was me, George, that's what I would be doing. I don't know if you have a different thought on that, but I would be wanting to pad my stats, if you will, on that situation then if it's extra and we don't need it. Awesome. We got gravy, we got the college fund started. You know, there's many things you can do with that extra 30 grand. But I would be trying to do that. Yeah, I think that'll Give you a lot of peace during this chaotic time is just control what you can control.


Control your spending, control your income. And I we're wishing you guys the best with the surrogacy and I mean, what a blessing to have this house that we can just sell to fix this problem. You know, it's a, it's a beautiful problem to have. Yeah. So, and I, I, again, I think this baby trumps the investment property. Especially when you're essentially losing money on the deal. That baby will trump it all. So wishing you guys the best with that. Thank you so much for the call that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Thank you to my co-host Ken Coleman, everyone in the booth keeping the show afloat And you America will be back before you know it.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey folks, we all have stories. The family and cultural stories that we were born into. The stories of the things that have happened to us, both good and bad and the stories that we constantly tell ourselves. And while we can't go back and change any of our old stories, the world is waiting to see what you and I are gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I wanna encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new ones you're writing. And I'm not talking about goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life forever for the better. And if you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories, even heal from them and begin to write new ones. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is 100% online therapy And you can talk with a licensed therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist And you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony


From Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by Ken Coleman and the number to call is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Ken is the man if you need help getting that income up, is that right? He's the man when it comes to getting your income up. We say your income is your greatest wealth building tool. A lot of people are going, I gotta make more. Ken is so good at guiding you through, coaching you through how do you make more for your current state in the short term and in the long term. And I'll be alongside to answer all of your money questions. Thank you George. Whatever else is on Your mind. I thought you were gonna say something else 'cause you're telling me I was the man, so I I thought I'd make you feel good too.


I appreciate it. A little, a little disappointing, but that's, it's a wow. Sorry, but let's help some people, shall We? That's the goal. What do we have up first? We got Rob in Columbus, Ohio. Rob, what's going on? Hey, Hey guys. Hey. Hey. So I'm, I'm looking for a little guidance here. You know, back in 1980, long before I became a RAMSEY disciple, I, I purchased two Northwestern Mutual whole life policy. They have a cash value of 96,800 and a death benefit of 150. Now I'm just looking for a little guidance on, you know, is it, is it worth my while to cash this out, pay the taxes and reinvest it?


Or is has the train too far down the tracks with, with, with that significant death benefit? How old are you? 69. Okay. And you're wondering, hey, if I cash this out, I'll get 96,000 that I could invest minus some surrender fees. I, I would deduct the basis, I, I would probably end up my calculation. I'd end up with about 78,600 to invest. Okay. 78,000 that you can do what you want with, or you go, I'm just gonna keep paying this monthly premium and I'll have $150,000 death benefit. The face value of the policy. Right. Currently. Right. Okay.


Right. What's your financial Situation? I'm very financially secure and no debt at all. What, I mean, what does re what does that look like? What's your retirement look like? 10 million in the bank? Or, or like where, I mean, what's the nest egg? About 3.7. Amazing. So you self-insured, you don't need life insurance. Probably not need. So the, the question is for you, why in the world would you continue to pay that monthly premium knowing what you just told us? Well, I, I mean last year interest in dividends, it, it, it came to about $4,000. So, and that, you know, after, after I paid the interest in dividends, it was just, you know, do I set that up one Month?


What are you paying per month? What are you paying per month to keep this policy going? Well it's 7 41 a year for, for both policies. Okay, so here's my question. $741 in the grand scheme of things, not a huge amount of money, but it's still $741 for a benefit that you don't need. You don't need $150,000 upon your death. You're right. Okay. So you, when you think about the purpose of life's insurance, which by the way, we only recommend term life insurance instead of these whole life policies because of how expensive they are and because of a whole host of other issues, the goal is to replace your income if something should happen to you so that your loved ones won't have to grieve financially.


And so are there people in your life who rely on your income today? No. Okay. Just my wife and I. And on top of that, you're self-insured if something happened, she's got $3.7 million sitting there, right? Correct. So the 150,000 that's cute compared to the nest egg you've been able to build up. And so that's the point and the goal of having that term life for, you know, 15 or 25 years over that time, you follow the baby steps, you pay off your house, you've been investing consistently for decades and here you are with this policy. So if I was in your shoes, just 'cause it would pain me to keep making this payment Yeah. And this crappy product, I would be done with it. I'd take my 78, invest it, go on vacation. Do what you want with it.


Yeah. But I wouldn't continue paying it. Yeah, I agree with George. You just got $78,000 wealthier. It's the way I'd look at it. Well, we love that. Now if you were in, you know, if you were destitute financially, you had no nest egg, this was all the money to your name And you were in ailing health, I'd go, okay, well I'd probably just keep paying the policy. Yeah. Because it's going to be more helpful than it is harmful. But man, you've done such a great job regardless of this crappy product that it's impressive. Yeah. What do you, if, you know, there's a 25-year-old listening who says, I'd like to have $3.8 million. What do you tell that person? What was the key to your success? You know, I mean, I I I've, I've worked hard, I've invested well, but, but also, I mean, I gotta give some credit to, to RAMSEY.


I, I, I attacked my mortgage first and I I did not spend money that I didn't have. That's simple. Live on lesson you make, get rid of your debt. It was The, the things my grandmother taught me. I mean, it was very, very, very simple. And you know, I've done well with it. Yeah. Good for you. That's amazing. Thanks for the call, Rob. Yeah. I'd be planning a $78,000 spend spend party. Yeah. Like, I'd be like, let's get together, let's, what do we wanna do with 78 grand? It's A fun problem. Beat it up. Have fun with that. Yeah. You know, give a little, You know, you know, fun to kids or grandkids, college fun a little. Go on a nice vacation, upgrade a Car and then maximize that money.


Yeah. That's living like no one else. Yeah. All right. Aaron is in Youngstown, Ohio. Up next, what's going on Aaron? Hey George, how are you? Great. How can we help? So first and foremost, thank you guys for taking my call, man. It's, it's such an honor to speak to you guys today. Excited. Secondly, a little bit about me, I'm 22 years old. I work for all team sales in Morristown, Ohio. I make around 90,000 a year including profit sharing. And the only debt that I have is my mortgage.


Awesome. And what's your question? So my ques, my question is, given the circumstance, how would I diversify my portfolio? Given right now I, my company also does a 10% match, but Amazing. I'm only investing in the Roth right now. So are you investing 15% of your gross income regardless of match? I, right now, currently I do 50% of my income after taxes. So that would be the Roth. Right now I'm not doing anything towards the 401k.


Okay. So you got a Roth IRA that you're contributing to? Correct. Do they have a Roth 401k option through your employer? No. Okay. I would check in in on that. But here's the strategy. Match beats Roth, beats traditional. So you're investing, you got the match, it's a hundred percent return. Next, do all the Roth you can for you, that might just be the Roth IRA. And if you still have money beyond that in that 15%, go back to your traditional options in the 401k. And as far as diversifying, what are you invested in right now? What funds did you choose inside of your retirement plan? Right now I'm currently doing American funds, just a couple different growth index funds, few different mutual funds.


I think right now I have a couple separate stocks I'm also investing in as well. I would avoid single stocks because of the risk and volatility. I would stick to those funds that you mentioned, mutual funds, index funds, and there's four types you wanna diversify across. And it basically is like a large cap, mid cap, small cap, and international. 'cause that'll diversify even amongst those funds. And to help you do a deep dive on this, jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com slash guide. We have a free investing guide where we walk through exactly how to choose those funds. Appreciate that. You should invite him to your live stream. And you and, and Dave join us for the investing essentials live stream. The ticket is on me. Aaron, how about that? So hang on the line.


It's on us today. Thank you so much for the call. He may have planted that to get a free ticket. I don't know. I'd like that move. Appreciate that. Smart move. This is The Ramsey


Show. You know, every year I hear the same excuses for why people don't get the life insurance they need to protect their families. So this year let's clear the air and look at the facts. Most people are concerned about price, but term life rates have never been lower. Having 10 to 12 times your income on a 15 or 20 year plan is in many cases just plain cheap. Second, life insurance through your work is not enough, especially since these plans go away. If you change jobs, you need to have your own policy so you're not without protection when your family really needs it. Third, stay at home. Parents need life insurance, especially those with young kids. People don't realize how quickly the cost add up without someone at home taking care of things. So no more excuses. Folks. Get the protection your family needs. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. They've been my choice for all my insurance for over 25 years and are the only people I trust.


Hey guys, I've got a big announcement. George Kamel and I are bringing back Investing Essentials, our two night virtual event, deep diving into investing and real estate Learn step by step. How to get the most out of your 401k mutual funds and real estate investments because there's no better time to get the clarity you need to Invest with confidence. Watch live on March 4th and fifth. Get tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


events. This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Ken Coleman. The number to call is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Andrew's up next in Pittsburgh. How can we help Andrew? Hey guys, can you hear me? Yeah. Loud and clear. Hey. Hey. Great to talk to you. A huge fan. I'm calling today about my parents. My dad has Alzheimer's and my mom had a pretty significant stroke about four months ago. Oh no. So they're not able to live independently much anymore. Fortunately, my sister has been able to take care of 'em at her house most of the time, and I'm taking them to their cabin on the weekends.


But ultimately we're looking to build them like a small residence next to me with lots of grandkids to drop in on 'em through the day and stuff. We're hoping to keep construction costs under 250,000 and pay cash for it. My parents have done a awesome job at living with well within their means, but we're looking at their statement from their financial advisor and it's kind of like a mixed bag of things that don't give us a good feel for exactly how much is available or liquid, at least at this point. So I guess our question is if, if or how we try to consolidate all these accounts to keep it simpler and have enough money to cut checks for the home they're building in the next few months.


And I have the list for you when you're ready. Okay. Are you like a financial power of attorney? Can you make financial decisions on their behalf? Fortunately, no. It's my sister. She, she has all that responsibility right now. Okay. And you and her are working in tandem to figure this out? Yeah. As well as my other sister. Yeah. Okay. All right. So what, as you dug into the numbers, what do you mean parts of it may not be liquid? Well, they have traditional IRAs, each of 'em. And so my mom has 150,000 in hers. My dad has 580,000 in his.


They also have a $47,000 investment. It sounds like a blend of mutual funds. Both. Both of the IRAs are set up with annuities. Okay. They also have a Pacific Life po. It sounds like a whole life policy. It shows a value of 31,000. Okay. They also have a bunch of gold, probably at least 20,000, and they have about 90,000 in their checking account. All right. And you're going, okay, what's, And I'm intentionally, I'm intentionally leaving out the $80,000 worth of long-term care insurance coverage because that's a whole other nightmare that we're going through.


Woo. Was this a advisor? Was this the one who got them into all this? Yes. Oh boy. I might find a new advisor. Yeah. They've Been selling them crappy products for a long time. Yes. All I heard was Ka Kaing more commission for me, more commission for me. Yeah. Here's a whole life. Here's an annuity. These are some of the most com complicated and expensive products that your parents honestly didn't need with this level of wealth. That was my initial thought also. So I'm glad to hear you guys say that neither Here nor there, but here's what I would do is figure out what, which of these has the least impact tax wise. So think through some of that tax strategy.


'cause the traditional IRAs, they haven't paid taxes on the funds. So if you just withdrew two 50, no, you're gonna have to pay taxes on that as they file their taxes. So I would sell whatever else, like, you know, the gold, again, there's, you're gonna have taxes probably with a, with anything that's not just straight liquid cash in a checking account. The cash value on the whole life, that's 31,000 worth of cash value. Right. I might, I, I assume get rid Of that before I dip into the retirement accounts. You're gonna need to dip into the retirement accounts anyways with a project that big. Right. And you guys need them living on the same property with you?


Yeah. I actually have a couple other lots next to me that are, they're mine. Oh, nice. And we're Gonna set them up on one of those. Nice. Yeah. Nice. How many square feet is this potential build? We're trying to keep it under a thousand. Yeah. It's just gonna be a single level, you know, the basics. Okay. But you're still thinking 250 grand is what this might cost? Yeah, we have some grade to deal with on the properties. Okay. Okay. So you've done your homework. It sounds like this is not a wet finger in the air. No. Okay. You're right. Yep. So if that's the case, I'm gonna go strategically through a prioritized list of what I would liquidate first. And I would, I would honestly get a second opinion.


And if you want one, you can jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Trusted Pros and you'll see a network of investment pros that we trust to help you out in the situation. And they're not gonna sell you garbage products. I can guarantee you that. So what are your thoughts, George? Maybe on a tax advisor as Well? Yeah, tax Pro as well would really help going, here's, here's what's gonna have the minimal tax impact based on what you sold, what the cost basis was, what the capital gains tax, all the nerd nerd tron stuff as you dig into this. But it sounds like your sister's gonna have to be very involved too, Right? Because she's making all of these moves happen on your parents' behalf. But the good news is the money's there.


It's not going to decimate. You're, you're probably talking about, you know, liquidating a quarter of their nest egg to make this happen. Right. And then what's the ongoing cost to take care of them? They need 24 hour private care, or, Well, we're trying to work that out. No, I don't think they do need 24 hour round the clock care, but being that they'd be living next to me, I, we'd set 'em up with cameras and things like that, you know, in case of emergency or something, we'd be pretty handy to go over and see what's going on. Yeah. But no, I, I don't, we're trying to get home care to come, come by at least for, you know, some of the basics.


But my sister's able to handle that right now. And I think that's probably one of the problems we're running into with the long-term care insurance is there's, they don't wanna pay because it seems like they can, you know, we can handle it and it's, and we're just, you know, So you're having to fight that and go, no, this is, this is something, this is exactly why we got long-term care insurance. So that if it got to this point, they could have care that was covered. Yeah. Andrew, I, I would encourage you to talk with their doctors. Also, get some advice from people who may have walked this road a little bit. I'm only saying this because my brother-in-law is, is dealing with this right now. And I will tell you that unfortunately the Alzheimer's situation is, is not gonna get better.


It's gonna get worse with your mother. You know, it's probably limited on what she can do depending on her symptoms. Post stroke at some point, assisted care, assisted living is, is something that you need to at least kick the tires on. I I just, I just don't know how long your sister or you with cameras can you have to think about you guys and your ability to step in and do what you need to do while your life is moving. And I, I'm not trying to be sober, but I am trying to give a, a bit of wisdom, just what little bit of observation I've been able to take in as my brother-in-law walks through this. They're just not, that situation is not gonna get better for your mother.


Yeah. And so, Well, my dad's actually the ones with all the one with Alzheimer's. I know. But Yeah, we've, I know, but she can't, we've been dealing with this. She can't take care of him. It's all you guys. And I'm, I'm saying before I spent $250,000 on a home, I would really look at this from multiple angles to see, you know, how long that solution that you're describing. And I understand your heart. I'm not trying to talk you out of it. I'm just trying to Give you another perspective. 'cause I got, I've got no emotion attached to it. But I, I would really be playing that out with your sisters as to how long that model is sustainable. Yeah. I would also just come up with a game plan with whoever's involved.


Is it more than just your sister involved? My other sister. You've got two sisters. Okay. I would get together with all three of 'em and go, okay, here's what's, here's where we're gonna lay this all out. Here's how we're gonna fund this project. Here's what the ongoing care is gonna look like. Here's the priority in which we'll spend this money. And that way everyone's on the same page. That's right. 'cause this is the kind of stuff that will destroy relationships. That's right. When there's surprises, things weren't communicated. That's right. I expected this. I was supposed to get this. That's right. And I wanna at least savor these relationships. And, and that's what I'm cautioning Andrew, is look at all of the possibilities and how this thing could go so that there are zero surprises. Do they have a will in place?


Yes. Okay, good. Sorry, you're going through this too, Andrew. Yeah, you're carrying a lot. Whew. Thanks. It's not gonna be easy, but you're doing the, the right thing. Yeah. You're a good son. Very Knowable thing to do. And I'm wishing your parents and, and your whole family the best through this process, man. This is The Ramsey


Show. What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or recession business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite, And you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine Learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite


dot com slash RAMSEY. You spend hours researching before making a major purchase like a home or car. But it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage to protect your biggest assets. I recommend using RAMSEY Trusted Pros, whether you're looking for Car home or any other type of insurance. RAMSEY trusted providers have been coached and vetted to serve you like we would find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Ken Coleman. Hey, if you're ready to get your finances in order once and for all in 2025, you gotta join us for our free live stream.


It's on January the 23rd. Take control of your money. It's hosted by Dave RAMSEY and Jade Warshaw. And you're gonna learn how to stop living paycheck to paycheck, how to free up more breathing room So you can pay off debt fast. Finally, get ahead with Money Plus Rachel Cruz and I will join at the end for a q and a where you can ask your money questions live. And if that didn't sell you, here we go. When you sign up, you'll be entered to win into our cash giveaway. Five people will win four grand each. Oh wow. And again, this is a free live stream. So go sign up Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream or click the link in the description if you're listening on podcast or YouTube. You know, I was thinking about that when you said that. That means four people or five people.


There will be five people who win four grand each. So 20 grand total will be given away. Five people are gonna sign up for this thing for free and get a massive boost into their baby step situation. Four 4K is 4K. Worst case, you get information and motivation to help you get at it. At best case, you might get a little cash to speed it up. Yeah, I like that. I'll take the odds on that one. All right. Judy is up next in Tampa. How can we help Judy? Hi there. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. So I am 65 years old. I have zero savings right now. And I wonder if I should start, instead of building up a savings account, build up a investment account like mutual funds, as you and RAMSEY speak about all the time.


Yeah. We say, you know, you can't save your way To Wow. The thing is that I'm 60, the thing is I'm 65 and I nobody knows how long they're gonna live. So like 65, what if in five years, you know, it's, it's not gonna move a lot. Sure. Well if you're not here in five years, it won't matter. That's true. So you can't, you can't use That's very true. You can't use that line of thinking. Right. You gotta, you gotta plan for the best, you know, and hope for the best. But, you know, once the worst happens, it really doesn't matter. 'cause this is for your long-term play. Do you work right now? I work part-time. Yeah, I work, I, I make about $1,600 a month. Are you single married?


I'm, I live with my boyfriend. He covers most of the expenses. Most of my income is disposable. As I said, I, I hate that term, But Yeah. Well, what happens if, and boy, I I'm sure that it's nothing but bliss. Go ahead. Between you guys. Say it. Well, what happens if you guys have a breakup? He's been your sugar dad. I Try. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. How old is this? How old is this? Young fellow. Oh, wow. He's, he's, he's my age. He's He's your age. And you, did you just slip in there that you've tried to break up with him a couple times? I, I, we had, well, yeah, we, yes, but, well, what happened there was a big difference.


Well, the last time he was, his drinking was out of control, but he has stopped drinking and so we're back together the last two months. Okay. He's been two months sober. That's good. Yeah. Okay, Judy. Yeah. Really, really, really good. I really appreciate you sharing all this. And I'm glad we know this now because I think it really, it, it, it's, it's really, I'm really, really passionate now about making sure that you stop relying on him. I'm now, I'm happy you guys are back together. Hopefully that sustains, but you've tried to break up with this guy twice. This is a relationship that we could at least say has not been stable, so, Well it is 18 years.


Okay. But my point is, is you guys aren't married. There's no legal, there's no legal involvement. He has two kids. He doesn't wanna marry me. That's the problem. I get it. And you're broke. But I'm saying it put, he's saying it puts you in a precarious situation financially to take care of me. 'cause you don't have any legal, financial protections and So you need to treat your finances. No, I do own a home. I do own a home that I am that, I mean, as I said, as, as you know, I live near Tampa, so the home just got flooded. So we, so that put me back in the, not in a hole. I'm not in a hole, I'm not in debt. But it wiped out any savings I have. Are You, you living in his home Right now? I'm living in his home, but I was in my home.


Okay. And what's going on with your Home now? We're gonna rent out. Is It being now we're gonna rent out my home. Oh boy. What's your home worth? Well, the good news and that bad news, the good news is we, we bought it 50 and it's probably anywhere between two and 300,000 now Is what it's worth. And is it paid for? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. We bought, we paid, we we bought it kind of together. We bought it together and we paid cash for it at $50,000 during the hosting. You and your boyfriend did? Yeah. So What happens if You guys Split And you wanted to sell it? It's Not an it's my name. It's in my name. Only. Only why? But you said you guys bought it together.


Well, he gave me the money. He said, well, you, you Wouldn't, he wanna write to some of the money. Hold on, Hold on. Hold, hold on. I need to hear the voice. What did he say? Give us the whole voice treatment on that. What did he Say? I didn't do it very well. Do it again. Well, here, we won't get married, but you can have this house and No, and then if anything happens, you always have this house. Wow. This is still like, we'll get married. I feel like you guys are a reality show waiting to happen. You know, 65-year-old, been dating 18 years bought I have, this is interesting, George. Yeah. This is a Netflix series. I can't do, I can't force him to marry me. I mean, No, Judy. No. And You wanna, you wanna, you wanna hear something even worse? Yes, you do.


Yeah. My work, I work for him. Oh boy. He has a small business. You're right Judy. That was worse. See, George and I are on Team Judy. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. We're wearing team Judy t-shirts right now and I love that. Good. And, and So you need to accept this, that you have got to get a different job, a full-time job that's not paid by this guy. And you need George, I want you to step in on what you think she should do at that. I'm just wondering, what's it like when you ask for a raise from your boyfriend? That's gotta be awkward. Actually, the last time I asked he said, he said, okay, I love this voice.


I can talk to Judy. I could talk to Judy forever. Yeah. This, Judy, you're nominated for My favorite caller ever. Okay, George, let's, let's help out. Let's answer Your original question. That's the high bar. I'm really Flattered. Gotta save, you gotta save money. You can't save and invest until you make more. So here's the deal. There's a foundational savings you need before you ever put a dime to investments. And that's an emergency fund. So you need three to six months of expenses. She Doesn't have any Expenses. Let's pretend like you do have expenses. So what would it be? Okay, well I do, I do, I do have to pay. Like now I'm on Medicare and I, so I have to pay that and I have to pay for my phone and I have to pay for my car insurance. Great. Okay. So that does, and I, and I get a social security check.


So that kind of eats up my social security. What's your social security check? It's about, well it was a thousand, but now they take Medicare out of it. So it's a little less than that. It's basically nothing. 8 75. Okay. That's not enough for you to retire on. So our game plan is, hey, when and if Judy can't work anymore, how is she gonna survive if, well, sugar Daddy's not in the picture. The Stream of income I have is that we're gonna rent out the house for approximately 1300 a month. That, But Yeah, but that's not enough to live off of. Would all that money go to you? Yeah, He wouldn't take a dime of it. Well, Well as soon as I pay back some money that I borrowed from him, See, do you see how this gets messy and complicated?


And you said No, the house is in my name. And I went, What's St Judy gonna do when she doesn't have the ball? You know? Oh, I'll tell you right now, if Judy doesn't make some changes, Judy's gonna have to find another sugar daddy. And I don't know how many of those are left, sweetheart, when you get to your age, you know what I mean? I mean just keeping it real. I don't want one. I don't want one. Okay, great. So then how do we exist without a sugar daddy? The answer is more income. As George was taking you down the line, Get your own savings in place, then you can begin investing and all of that is going to take more income. 'cause you don't have a ton to throw at any of this right now. Okay. So like I should, if I have five to $10,000 saved, then I can start investing.


Is that what you're saying? Yeah, I would say 10,000 minimum. And then you can begin investing and I'll, you know, we'll send you our investing guide. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash guide and we have a whole guide showing you the right way to invest. What to invest in. You don't need to be risky. Keep I Got that. The mid cap, the large cap and the small cap and the International Mutual. I Got that index and mutual funds. And you Don't, don't have accounts any money. You need to make some money and start taking care of Judy if this guy wants to keep I did. I lost some money twice. I mean I had some money, but I know Come up. I know Judy, but that doesn't matter. Like you know the hurricanes. The hurricanes. I get it. As I said, that costs $20,000. I know. But we're talking about the future, George.


Let's put her on hold. Christian, let's get her a free ticket to the live stream investing event with you. Yeah, that'll Be great. I think that'll also help her Join us March 4th and fifth. Judy, you can watch with your boyfriend. I dunno if he's gonna like it, but he can be there and hang out. But He can make that voice the whole time. It'll be great. Best impression I've heard today. Yeah, this is The Ramsey Show. There's just something so exciting about a new year, but honestly sometimes it can feel like, ugh, I thought I'd be so much further along by now. Especially when it comes to money. But here's the truth, no matter what your current money situation is, I promise you can turn it around this year. That's why I want to invite you to every dollar's free live stream on January 23rd.


It's all about helping you take control of your money So you can make progress this year. Plus I'll be taking your questions live along with Dave, Jade, and George. Anything you wanna ask, it's on the table. And get this, you could win $4,000 just for signing up guys. This can be the year where you go from feeling behind to getting ahead. Sign up for the free livestream@everydollar.com slash livestream. That's every dollar.com/livestream. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. The moment you've all been waiting for. It's here guys. What Is The Ramsey Show? Annual listener survey. Oh, is now live.


Ken can stop texting me every day wondering when it's gonna drop. When's it gonna drop? I feel Like you oversold that one. That was good tease. That was the Goal. Yeah, I'm real pro. We Do like to know what people think though. No, Really? This is our biggest survey of the year. Yeah. And we wanna know your favorite parts of the show, what you like, what you don't, what you want to hear more about. Whatever it is we want to hear from you. And we actually, our team pours through this data and uses it to craft what happens on this show. Yeah. And they tell Us what to stop doing. Exactly. They go, Ken, don't do that. They don't like it. So it's Usually a long list. So there you go. Enough with the YouTube comments. Let us know in the survey and we'll take it to heart. Oh, There We go. There's Two ways to participate. You can just text the word survey to the number 33, 7 89 or go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey.


And if you're listening on podcast or YouTube show Notes, just Go to the show notes. It's Ken's favorite place to hang Out. It's my favorite place to send people. Why love Sending you? Because it's all there. Everything you could ever want on this show is in the show notes. What was that link? It's in the show notes. Show notes. What Was the It's in the show. Show notes. There You go. I I could answer every call that way I could just go next. Show notes, next call, show notes. I could get through a record and amount of calls. I'm impressed. And here's the deal. If you sign up for this survey And you actually complete it, you'll be entered to win a $500 Gift Card as a little thank you. Enter to win. You don't, you're not guaranteed, but there's a chance. Nothing Says, I appreciate you more than cash.


Exactly. Yeah. I don't know where the Gift Card to, but I'm, I'm excited to find out where Would you like a Gift Card to George? If, if one, I'm a practical guy asking for a friend. If I, if one was to get you a Gift Card that delighted you, where would it be too? Oh Man, my my practical Come on. George says Amazon or Costco. Love it. 'cause Costco, that one $500 Gift Card, that's one trip to Costco. If you're Lucky's I, I'll be honest. That's a disappointing answer. Someone's buying you a Gift. You pick, want a Gift Card? Do pick a specific brand. Huh? Where do you want one to, I don't know, academy. So you can get more pickleball gear. Yeah, Maybe Ralph Run. I don't know J Crew. I I could pick a lot of specifics. You gave me Costco. They have everything.


What do you want? Like the show Notes? Exactly. Hey, full Circle. Let's get to the phone. Raymond is up next in Portland, Oregon. What's going on on Raymond? Hi RAMSEY. Thanks for having me. Sure. I was wondering would it be worth for me to finance a vehicle? My vehicle is in the shop right now. It has a blown head gasket and it also has a timing chain that needs to be replaced. It's gonna cost me $4,000 to replace and they can't find an engine for that vehicle because it's so old. Okay. How old is the car? It's in 2012. That's old. Oh my goodness. They Can't find an engine. 2012 what?


Nope, 2012 Chevrolet Colorado. They said the engines are discontinued. All right, let me ask a question. Does it have, are there other Chevrolet trucks or SUVs where that engine is compatible? They said they can find one, but it's gonna be a used one. Right. But I would be barking up that tree to see what that's gonna cost. Well The question is, you put four grand into this thing at that point. What is it worth Right now? It's probably worth four grand. Just I see. So it's worth four grand right now, but if you did this repair and put four grand into it, what would, what would it be worth?


Probably same thing. Four grand. That's what he's saying. I probably won't. Okay. That Changes my answer, I guess. And how much money do you have saved right now? Right now I got $600 in savings. I got $10,000 or no, $11,000 in retirement. Okay. We're not gonna touch retirement. So you're down to, in liquid cash you got 600 bucks? Yeah, I got 600 in savings and then I got just a little over right now, just right about a thousand dollars in checking. Okay. So you don't even have the money to do this repair? No, I do not. And your solution is to go finance a $25,000 car?


Well the thing with this, this vehicle is I have a warranty on, I bought a warranty package when I bought the vehicle. Okay. The vehicle is paid off cash. I have the title in hand, but I have an extended warranty on it. And right now they're going through verify if they will cover anything on the vehicle for under that warranty. Okay. So let's play the scenario out. Let's say they cover it and they cover all $4,000 of the repair. Now you have a drivable $4,000 car. Right. Okay. And we'll drive that while continuing to save up. And then once we have enough money to which problem I have with what I have, the problem is, is if they're gonna say it's gonna need a new engine and they tell the warranty company that, where are they gonna get an engine at?


I don't know. That's why I'm Well Put a used engine in it and you'll ride it out. Yeah. You already said we, we already, we already covered that. You could get a used engine. Okay. This isn't your forever car. We just need to go. There's a gap right now. You're broke And, and I would imagine the warranty's gonna cover the engine, the gasket on it. Unless you didn't put oil in it. Nope, I put oil in it. I'd do my regular maintenance on it. All right. So I I've gotta believe that it would be covered. How long have you been living paycheck to paycheck, Raymond? I've been living paycheck paycheck since I was born. You wanna try another way? Would you be open to that? I I'm actually on your guys' system right now.


I You're calling me asking if you can finance a $20,000 car. I don't know what system you've found out, but the RAMSEY plan would say On the backside of the page, If we have to make the repair to get by, we make it happen. We pause all the baby steps, we save up aggressively sell anything we can to avoid debt. So that would be the game plan for you. And the question is, how can I build a habit where you learn how to save up 500 bucks or a thousand bucks a month to pay cash for things versus turning to payments to solve problems. Do you see the difference? I hear You. Right. And so that's where the, if if they can't fix it And you need to get rid of this, if it's undrivable, then we need to go, we'll sell it for what we can plus use any savings we can to buy a car from Facebook marketplace and whatever car we can afford in cash, that's what we drive for the time being.


And the goal is that you're not doing this for very long. It might be five months. Yeah, it might be a year. So what is your income? I make about 54,000 a year. And what other debt do you have? I have a mortgage. My, I bought a house for the first time. I have, my mortgage is 342,000. My What's the Payment on that credit Card? 2278 a month. And what's your take home pay? Right about 4,000. Oh wow. Dude. You're not even living a paycheck to Paycheck. Well, I got, I got, I got, I got my mom helping. She lives with me. She, she co-signed the house with me and she's paying her portion.


She pays me a thousand a month for her portion and I pay the rest. What's the long-term game plan? Well, You get married, kick mom out. But she's still on the mortgage and has to pay. No, no, she, she just pays. She lives with you and your wife and chips in. I'm not married. I know I'm not married. I know he's asking you what the long-term play is. I think I'm the only person thinking about Raymond's future right Now. I am. I'm just enjoying your version of it. Okay. So I'm with you anyways. I'm playing. I'm just, I'm kind of roleplaying here, Raymond to go. We've gotta make different decisions. This house was a mistake. Yeah. I'm not telling you you need to go sell it tomorrow, but this is a glaring problem in your life as you try to get out of this paycheck to paycheck cycle.


And this car is one symptom. This is one Jenga piece in this mess. Okay. Can you make more money? What are you doing full-time right now? I am a PL driver for Amazon. Okay. Can you work more hours? I can, yeah. I can request overtime. I would be doing that. You and your shoes. Yeah. It's just you and mom at the house. I'd be working a lot of fire. Were you And my car's in the shop and I'm desperate for a better car. Dude. I'd be working as much as I can selling anything in that house that's not tied down to get out of the situation. You have no other debt other than the mortgage. Well come back to the work part is I have a problem with that.


'cause my mom works too. She works on the days that she works on the days that I don't work. And then she goes to work on the days that I don't work. Why can't you guys work at the same time? Did I miss something? So I have a 13-year-old daughter. Oh, so someone needs to be there. Yeah. So when, when I'm at work, she watches her. And then when I'm at work, when she's at work, I watch her. Man, is there a special condition? I mean, why does the 13-year-old need to be watched? I think we might need to figure out a childcare situation to where you both can work at once. But man, that's messy. Hang on the line. I'm gonna send you a copy of my book, breaking Free from Broke.


And hey, if you wanna catch the rest of The Ramsey Show, we got more where that came from. Head over to the Ramsey Network app. Just search that in your app store or click the link in the show notes. If you're on Radio stick around. The show will continue. Hey, what's up guys? Episode two of 90 Day Money Makeover is available right now on YouTube. This series follows real people as they take on the challenge of transforming their finances and their lives in just 90 days. In this episode, watch as they face new obstacles, celebrate wins and push forward on their journey. And of course I'll be walking alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a little sneak peek of what the new episode is all about.


Me and Dara back in November, have a new son, a baby boy. We'd have $87,000 in debt. I've been in debt since I was like 18 years old. I gave birth to him. I knew, I said I cannot leave him with someone that I don't know. I don't care if we're eating rice and beans. Sean. I told him there was no going back. When you guys called into The Ramsey Show, it was like, I think that we should push them harder. Baby Jonathan being born as a wake up call for us to finally change. I can't go on another month, Wake up call, you know, over the next 20 years. This is important.


You know, we gotta get this right. Do you want to pay off your debt? You want to get your time back, you want to get your home? Nothing. You search those three.