
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau number one, bestselling author, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host Today as we take your calls about your life and your money, The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Hugh is in Las Vegas. Hi Hugh. What's up? Hello. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can I help? I'm debating on getting the situation where I may be going further into debt to pay for attorneys to try to protect my kids further, but it, it's kind of been a, a big struggle.


How long has it been going on and what's the danger? It's been going on about six years. My ex-wife is, is a very abusive person. She's psychologically, emotionally, and it's affected all of our kids. And it's the, the divorce was finalized about a year ago, but It took five years to do a divorce. Yeah. Why? Because she wouldn't agree to anything, wanted to litigate everything, had agreements that at different points, and then she'd refused to sign the papers.


She is lied about stuff. She hidden money. Just all, all kinds of stuff. Who has the kids now? What's the agreement now? Well, right now, just recently the kids were taken away and my, our oldest son was granted guardianship of them Taken Away from you or taken away from her? From both, although I already did not have any custody or contact with them due to other court proceedings that were already ongoing. How old are they? They're, I'm trying to think here.


13, 15, and 16. Okay. So you were granted no custody. Your, your, your older son has the three kids and they're safe? Yes, for now. Okay. Wow. What do you make a year? I about 50,000. Okay. All Right. And so the money that you're spending is for three years for a 13-year-old, or four years for a 13-year-old. And by the time it gets to court, the other two probably won't even apply, right?


Possibly. They're gonna, they're gonna age out. It, It, it's in court now, basically. I'm trying to, What's, what's in court today Having, well, it's this whole, the guardianship that my son has is temporary. I'm trying to support him in keeping that and to keep custody away from her. But I'm being told that I may be facing charges soon and all, it seems like these, all these lawyers that are involved have kind of, they, they want to prolong this fight. And I'm the one who doesn't have an attorney, so I'm the target, you know, is kind of what it seems like.


Why, why you, you told us that she was abusive and all these different things. Why didn't custody Go to you? Are there allegations against you as well? Yes, because you got charges. You said The, the, the court. So I actually filed for full custody of the children at one point and the court refused to have a temporary order hearing and said that instead we would Go to actual trial in three months time, I think at that point. And then a few weeks later, my ex-wife went and filed for emergency ex parte custody with a bunch of false allegations that she made up.


And it was granted, without me even knowing that, that there was anything going on, I was never allowed to present any evidence against those allegations. Yeah. It was just assumed that I'm guilty and they were taken away. Okay. So I, I assume your bank account's dry? Yeah, below dry, whenever the children were taken from me, I started borrowing large amounts of money to, to hire an attorney to try to get this put back on track. And how, how much debt do you have today from that? Right now, I believe it's right around 70,000.


Okay. All Right. Well, what I do when I'm facing these situations is I don't start with debt. I start with no debt And I figure out how I'm going to handle a very difficult situation without debt. And it's very difficult. I don't have an easy answer for you, but you know, it's gonna involve selling things. It's going to involve no additional debt. You've already got 70,000. We don't need to add to that. So it's gonna involve selling things. It's gonna involve you working six jobs in order to pay attorney's fees. And again, the perspective is this is for a very short window because the, the vast majority of these kids by the time this gets done, are gonna age out.


'cause once they're 18, this is over. Yeah. Can I ask what their living situation is? How they're with their brother? Yeah, but like how he's so young. How is he paying? How are you sliding money over there? How, how are they being taken care of? Well, I mean he's, he's, he's 28 now, I believe. He's, he's got a good job. He's married, he's got a house, you know, now I, which we haven't even gotten to like child support. I, I've been ordered to pay child support for, for quite a while now. I've been paying that, which is part of the reason why I've not really, I've not been able to hire an attorney 'cause I'm having to pay almost a quarter of my income and child support.


But, so I'm trying to get it arranged where now she can be paid the child support by both of us, both of the parents. Yeah. I guess what I'm asking you, if That hasn't happened yet, What I'm asking is, I mean, this is your business also you called a, a national show. But my question is, are the kids best with the brother? Is that where they're best? Because if they are, maybe instead of continuing to drag them through this for an, it's already been six years, right? Can they have some stability and peace for the next, you know, four years of, of their teen life? No, that, that's exactly, that is exactly what I want. That's exactly what I'm trying to fight for, is to keep them with him.


Okay. I'm not trying to take them away from him. I'm trying to keep them away from their mother who continues to fight. I appreciate that. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So I, I think you know, what we're doing is we're scratching up nickels outta the corner of the couch in order to try to pull this off. And that's gonna be working an extra job and selling stuff. And you've probably already done a lot of that and a lot of the things you've probably learned more about the legal system than you wanted to know. And So you probably can file some things on your own to try to get some help down at the courthouse just to somebody teach you how to do it and to redirect the child support to him. That'd be, that'd be an amazing move right there.


And then, you know, if you, if you sell your house or you sell your car and you get a cheaper car in order to help save your kids, that's not a bad deal. That's a fair trade. 'cause I can't think of anything much more important than saving the kids and wow, what a disaster. What a mess. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You've been through this.


Home security can feel like a big investment and you might be thinking, do I really need all that? But here's the thing. SimpliSafe gives you peace of mind every time you head out in the morning or lock up at night. And it starts at about a dollar a day. So you really can't afford not to. Your first month is free and there's no long-term contract to worry about. And they offer a 60 day money back guarantee. Plus, with SimpliSafe industry leading active guard outdoor protection, AI powered cameras can alert monitoring agents to potential threats before they even get to your door. But it doesn't only help prevent break-ins. SimpliSafe also monitors for fires and floods. So see why SimpliSafe has been named the best home security system by US News and World Report for five years in a row. And if you're still not sure, this should make up your mind for you right now. You can get 50% off a new SimpliSafe system with 24 7 professional monitoring at SimpliSafe direct.com. That's 50% off at SimpliSafe direct.com. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Caleb is in Chicago. Hi Caleb, How are you? Pretty good. How are you guys doing Better Than we deserve. What's up? I, I appreciate the phone call. So me and my wife, I was looking for some advice. We wanna take our family. We have three small children. We, our dream is to buy a Canadian fishing lodge and run that from about May to November every year. The issue that I'm running into, just 'cause I'm new with this, is trying to come up with figuring out how to come up with a down payment for something like that. You know, some of these lodges range from $250,000 to mul millions of dollars. I'm trying to figure out what's the best way to go about doing something like that.


It depends on how much money you have to spend. You, you, you don't have any money to put it down payment down. I mean, I've, I've got, I think I could probably come up with between my, me and my wife and, you know, asking my parents for, you know, a small, a small amount to pay back. I could probably come up with maybe around a hundred grand, but it seems like that won't take me very far. What Do you make Right now? I make about 90,000. What do you do? But I'm in, I'm in construction and a job I really don't like. I'm away from my kids, you know. Have you ever worked in a Canadian fishing lodge? No, but I'm really, really good with my hands, really Knowledge knowledgeable about fishing and hunting.


I've been doing both Is zero knowledge about business, Zero knowledge about business. Yes sir. Fishing lodge is 90% business, 10% fishing. I I'm just going off of what I've talked to. I I've got a couple, you know, mutual friends now of course, since I'm in this process of owners up there and I've talked to them and they, both, both the ones I've talked to are, they've been, they've owned a lodge now for about 10, 15 years. And they didn't do this before, didn't run business before. One of 'em was in construction just like me. Yeah. I I'll tell you, I don't, I I've never been to Canadian Fishing Lodge. I don't know what what that is.


Is it something, do you live on the property? Is it like a, a bed and breakfast where you live there and you provide, you know, all of this for, for your guests and, and you're living on the property? Yeah, It, yep. We would live on the property with, with our, my family and what we are looking for, we're not gonna provide the American plan, which is food and everything. It's more of just, you're coming up there, your fishing will take, you will guide your fishing trip, we'll guide your hunting trip, show you where to go, stuff like that. But, So we are not going to provide the American plan, which is all your meals included. So just play this out with me. So you said these could range from 250,000 plus right? All the way up to a couple million. So let's just pretend. Yeah, you said, okay, I'm looking at the $250,000 plan.


My family lives on the property, I put a hundred thousand down. So we've got the place, we're living there and now we're starting to rent out the experience to guests. What, what happens next on your end? Well, like what's the next step I guess? I don't know what you mean. What do you mean Next Steps? So you've got the lodge, you purchased the property, what's the next step? Yep. How do you build out the business? How do you get people to come to you? How do you build a profit? Got an Existing Oh, I think Existing customer base, the next one's, yeah, there's already an existing customer base on most of 'em because you're buying a turnkey. But the, a lot of the lodges up there for sale are elderly people that are trying to get out and they haven't marketed in years.


They don't do online marketing. They're only, they're only relying off of their annual return customers. Ah, okay. Like I said, both the people I talked to that have purchased a lodge in the past 10 years said it was really easy to get a lot to, to up their, their customer basis. It was really easy with simple marketing tactics, you know, And what did they earn? Like what's their, what's, what do they, what's their net profit? What are they getting out of this? I mean, I couldn't ask them that. I'm not close enough to 'em to ask 'em exactly what they're earning. But the first, go Ahead if you want, if you said I'm gonna put $150,000, I'm gonna put a hundred thousand dollars down, I'm gonna buy a $250,000 house with 150,000 with a hundred thousand down, I'm gonna have a $150,000 mortgage and I'm going to start a new business.


And I don't know anything about the business other than I'm know about fishing. And I talked to three people who said it's a good idea. You know, so the elderly people are gonna owner finance the one 50 and hope you'll make a go of it. Okay? Yep. So are you, are you 27 or 29, 28? Yeah. Almost like I've done this. Okay. And so I'm your old ugly uncle that's 64 that loves you. Okay. You are about 90% dream and about 10% reality in talking to you.


Yeah. You have no freaking idea what you're getting into. You just think you do. And it's very romantic with rainbows and skittles and unicorns in your head right now. And when you get up there and get dirt under your fingernails and realize this is freaking mess and what have I gotten my family into? That's about the time you're gonna discover how this really works. So I, I really would love for you to go work at one for one of these people, operate it for them as a part of the purchase plan before you close on the deal. Like run it for a year and see the numbers and see what is wrong with this.


Because the only impression you have is all positive. And there are three rules of business, Caleb. It's gonna take twice as long as you think it's gonna cost twice as much as you think. And you're not the exception. Those are the three rules of business. And you, you know, the, the way you're painting this is you are using fantasy language, not reality language. And it scares me for you. I'm afraid you're gonna turn this dream into a nightmare if you're not real careful. And so I'm afraid of that too. I I really want you to get some reality on you in this thing and get under the rainbows and the skittles and find out what the flip is really going on up there.


And, you know, why is it that there seems to be a lot of these for sale and you know, there's a problem here. Okay? So I I I really want to go work up there. I want you to take your family up there on vacation for three weeks, find an old couple that wants to sell a 250,001, write down a, a, a contract that says I'm gonna work for you for a year. At the end of that, I'm gonna close on this if I find out things to be the right thing, be the way that you say they are. And if I can get financing or if you provide me financing and what's it mean for you to be doing business in another country? Yeah. You're in Chicago going and now you are an immigrant Canada. I don't know what it means for an America to immigrate permanently and buy a business in Canada.


I have no idea how to do that. I do know it's probably more difficult than it was 12 months ago. So, you know, you probably got some issues there. And you know, I really want to understand the business better than you are do. And so the way I always ask myself when I'm going into something as a business person, would I hire me to do that? And if the answer is I don't know what the flip I'm doing, no, I wouldn't hire me to do that, then that tells me not to go into that space until I learn some more about it. And I amm a hundred percent sure you don't know what the flip you're doing on this. Well, there's no, you can fish, there's no numbers around it. I don't doubt that. But you've never run a business of any kind and you're stepping into this.


I'm not trying to be a dream killer. I love killing nightmares though. I love killing nightmares. So I want you to go forward with this slowly, carefully, and much more wisely. And then while you're doing that work like a crazy man and pile up some cash and come up with your down payment and get one of the old people to own or finance it. Because I don't think a bank's gonna touch us with a 10 foot pole dude. And that's probably good for you that they won't. So, so guys, the wonderful thing about America is that we live in the free enterprise system. And the wonderful thing about America is that 54% of the gross domestic product is brought to you by small businesses.


All the goods and services totaled up over half of them are delivered by small businesses. People like Caleb who started something. So I love encouraging the free enterprise system. And I also have spent 20 years coaching over 20,000 small businesses through our entree leadership brand. And I see all the things that go wrong when you're doing this. So you know, you are not the exception. It's gonna take twice as long and it's gonna cost twice as much. Those are the three rules. And they do apply, they apply to me, to everybody when I get ready to Go To. You're not the Exception. When I get ready to go into, when I get ready to go into, we're gonna open an app. We're working on one for Dr. John Delony right now. Yeah. Lemme tell you what, our projections on that are known as a guess.


We have no idea what the stupid app's gonna do. And we need to build out our business model as if the thing does nothing. And then when it does something, be pleasantly surprised. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and so, and, and you can get digital advice, but everybody's got a dead gum opinion. They're like armpits, they stink. Oh my god. Well Caleb, Caleb needs to invest. His first investment needs to be in your book, Build a Business. You look, I'll give, lemme send him one. Send him entree leadership and send him build a business you love. I want you to do this. I want you to do it in such a way, Caleb, that it doesn't kill you.


Hey, you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen y'all, there's a better way to take care of healthcare costs. Chm programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget that ch ministries.org/budget.


Jade haw is with me. One of our favorite things to do is get to talk to people who are heroes in their own story. They took control of their lives and they come in here into our lobby and they stand on the debt free stage. That's where Colby and McKenzie are. Hey guys, How are you? Wonderful. We're Doing great. Awesome. Where do you live? Chattanooga, Tennessee. Fun. And how much debt have you paid off? $32,000. All Right. And how long did this take? Seven months. Nice. You Kicked it. And your range of income during that time? $82,000. Yeah. What do y'all do for a living? I am a family ministries youth pastor at a local church in our community.


Awesome. And I just work in employee benefits. Just, okay. That's pretty good. Very good. So what kind of debt was this? $32,000. It was all school debt. Okay. Wow. All Right. So we had a student loan debt And I am just guessing, looking at this story, you might have been married about seven months. Yes, I knew It. Okay. All Right. So first order of business when we get married is get rid of who's student loan debt? Mine. Yours. Okay. She said don't look at me. Alright. All Right. Oh boy. And I under door number two. I love it. Okay, so before you got married you realized you had this and there must have been a discussion at some point during the dating process.


Please tell me the story. It's gotta be awesome. We, we were very open about all of these types of things and her family is a Dave Ramsey family. I mean, they, she's known these things her whole life. And mine was not, I did not have these principles taught to me growing up. So when I asked her dad, who is also our pastor at our church, So I Go to It's also your boss? Yeah. It's also my boss's a lot pressure. He's a boss. A lot of pressure there, Boss. Oh man. So it's a double dip. So I go And I, I go ask him for his blessing. And it was a conditional one that we do premarital counseling Good. And take FPU Wow. Before we got married. So we decided to do that and it was life changing And we sat down and got on the same page on everything.


And as soon as we said I do, we just went gazelle intensity on everything Then we did. I do. And I did. Yep. Yep. I like it. I like it. So I just listening to you and looking at your demeanor, I don't think it bothered you that he put that condition, Colby. Oh, not at all. Not at all. I, He was like, I'm ready. I, I think we, we both agree with this, but it, we wanted to do everything the Lord's way. And I think one of the things that FPU and everything that y'all have built here, everything points back to scripture. Everything points back to hey, you know, we don't wanna be slave to the lender. So for me that was what it was. I'm gonna do everything the Lord's way. We're gonna do everything the Lord's way and he'll honor that. So, yeah. Yeah. So you had to get started on this.


You kind of had, you got started on it on your own before you guys got married and then once you got married that's when you kind of linked arms on it. Yeah, We took the F-P-U-F-P-U course, like separately. Our coach was amazing. And he said do a hypothetical budget of what it's gonna look like when you get married. Yeah. We knew what our rent was, we knew what all our utilities would kind of look like. Some things changed, but that's how we were so ready to go day one. We were like, let's get this done. And day one we started it because we had that hypothetical budget in place. So, So tell, tell us how you got around it. Because a lot of times people call into the show and they feel some sort of like guilt of, these are my student loans, I feel bad, you know, bringing them into the marriage she shouldn't have to pay.


You know, they kind of got that separate mentality. Yeah. How did you guys get around that? Well, I know for me, I did the Dave Ramsey plan and did, I went to school completely debt free, put myself through a bachelor's degree. But coming into that, there was just honestly Dave Ramsey's, like the F-P-U-F-P-U course in general, that just lined us up on everything. I mean, I know people say it's your debt, it's my debt. When we got married we eliminated that because we're better as a team. We attacked it the way we knew we could, which is fiercely and every extra dime going towards it. So that wasn't a problem for me. I don't think that's a problem for either of us. We locked in Biblically too. I mean, we, we, you get married, you become one flesh. That's right. So for us, everything then is combined.


We are one together. And I think when you have that mentality, when again, when you're going about everything the Lord's way, it all just makes sense. It Does. So, so, you know, it's weird 'cause that's the exact same stipulation I put on my blessing. It's, It's a great Stipulation for, for Bill in Winston. I said, you know, you gotta go through FPU together is pre-marriage and you gotta Go to pre-marriage counseling. And that's all I asked. And they're, you know, you mean I don't have to be outta debt? I nope. You just gotta be working on it. And, and you know, and they both went whew. Ah, yeah, I bet. Thought, thought he thought he was going, thought he was gonna be worse than this Dave. Yeah. Well I kind of wanted to mess with you, but I just thought I'd tell the truth. So. Yeah. So very cool you guys.


Well man, I like your dad. He's a good dude. He's a big fan of yours. Well, way to go you guys. That's a beautiful way to start everything. And what it amounts to is not just the debt but the, what it represented as over the overarching thing in your whole lives is we're gonna align on scripture, you know, pastor's daughter, pastor's employee. We're gonna align on scripture, right. And we're gonna, we're gonna align on money And we're gonna align on everything else. And so you've set the table for an incredible life overall. The money piece is just a little bit of it, but absolutely beautiful. Very proud of y'all. Thank you. I bet they were all cheering y'all and weren't they?


Oh yeah. They Were so excited for us. They were so ready to see it gone for us. We were So, we were so pumped. I got So cool. Alright, So you tell people that are thinking about getting engaged is all of this stipulation going through the thing and learning together and going to a stupid class and all that? 'cause I mean, people roll their eyes sometimes, right? This happens. And so, and rightly So. I understand that. But the, I mean that young couple out there that maybe are not as enthusiastic as you all were to just dive in on this, talk to them and tell 'em is it worth it? And what is your key to getting out of debt? What is it, what do you blame getting out of debt on?


I would say for the, for the young soon to be married couple or the young couple that's about to start life together when it comes to wanting to be debt free. The freedom that you can feel knowing that there's no nothing holding you back anymore. The world's just gonna keep getting tougher and tougher. Finding abilities to be a homeowner one day is just gonna continue to get tougher and tougher. And instead of going at it with, Hey, let me do what everybody else is doing. Continue to follow the mania of just going into debt, going into debt, going into debt. Be different and trust the Lord. I I, that's the biggest thing. The, the all of this is biblically based. If you look at the word, the word does not want you to be in debt.


The, the god's created us to be free. He set the captives free. Right? So, so when we, when we have this opportunity to come and say, okay, let's go at this together. Let's not be do ish. Right? Let's not, let's not go somewhere in the middle. Let's go all the way and let's, let's attack life. So I'd send my high schooler to his youth group. I mean, come on now. Preach it Pastor ho. Preach it. I was holding myself back over here. I like it. That's good man. Well said. Well said. You gonna be, you're great at your job. I'm sure. I appreciate God's call on your life. Excellent brother. Well done. You two. Well done. Alright Mackenzie, what do you tell people? The key to getting outta debt is Just doing it and cutting back.


Eating out. I'm not high. Yeah. Oh, okay. That's one thing we discovered shortly after getting married. Ouch. Yeah. I learned to cook, cook real quick. And I, that, that changed our budget completely. So, so fun. Do everything in your power to get out of debt. You guys are so impressive. Budget budget's a big thing. Okay? Have the plan. If you ain't tracking, you ain't trying. That's what our FBU coach would always say. Can I ca can I steal that? Steal it, steal it. Probably aint. It's probably one of your teammates here saying that. Yeah. Love That. That's good. You ain't tracking, you ain't trying. I like it. Well the EveryDollar app does that and even more now it so well done. You guys very proud of y'all. Y'all are superstars. Yeah. Very fun stuff.


All Right. Colby and McKenzie set for life. How old are you two by the way? 23. Wow. Ah, there we go. Future Millionaires There. We, yeah, by the time they're 30, Colby and McKenzie, Chattanooga, Tennessee, 32,000, paid off in seven months, making 82,000 as brand new newlyweds. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 2, 1. We debt free. Yeah. And all the old people are going, wish I'd done that my first seven months. Oh no, That's right. All the old people are going, where was that when I was that age?


Oh my gosh. Well it was here, it was called common sense back then too, but wow. What a great start, man. Wow. Powerful. You ain't tracking, you ain't trying. That's my takeaway. Game on, Game on.


We all know the importance of eating fruits and vegetables, but let's face it, life gets busy and sometimes we eat stuff we shouldn't. That's where Field of Greens comes in. It's a super food powder made from real organic fruits and vegetables. Mix one scoop with water and you're good to go. Field of Greens is packed with nutrients designed to support your overall health, boost your immune system and increase your energy levels. And your doctor will notice your improved health or Field of Greens will give you your money back. Visit Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY to save 20% and get a free shipping. That's Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY.


You wanna be Colby and McKenzie if you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck, wondering where your money's going. Your first step is getting on a plan. Our team is hosting a free budget training this month. You're gonna learn step by step how to make to and stick to a budget using EveryDollar. 'cause if you ain't tracking, what was it? You ain't tracking. You ain't trying. You ain't tracking. You ain't trying. There it, it is. Plus you can get your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a. We may just make that the new byline for EveryDollar. I like it. It sounds like something Chris Campbell would say. Yeah, it does. He's our, he's our EveryDollar guy. Yeah. Sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. Spots are limited. It is a free budget training. Don't miss it.


Terry is in Montana. Hi Terry, How are you? I'm good. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So about four years ago we started meeting with a financial planner and she talked us into getting some whole life insurance policies for my husband And I. And So we did that. And recently I've been listening to a lot of your show and hearing how you feel about whole life policies. So I gave her a call to let her know that I wanted to let cash those out and surrender 'em or whatever the terminology is for that. And I initially left a message for her.


She called me back. And so when she called back I was just like, yeah, I've been listening to Dave Ramsey and you know, he's not a big fan of the whole life insurance. So she shot back and said, you know, Dave Ramsey, he has so much whole life insurance. That's why he's planning to, to, you know, share his wealth with his fa with his family and kids when he passes on and like, make me feel really bad for even asking to cash out. Wow. My insurance policy. So, and like now I don't know what to do because I, I really like, in my mind the premiums are due in June. I pay annually. And I was like, well I really had my heart set on cashing those out, doing, taking whatever money we got from them and maxing out our broth IRAs for the year.


It's a, it's a lot worse than a whole life life insurance situation. This is really scary because your financial planner is a crook and a liar. A liar. Yeah. That's bad. That would scare me if I were you because I obviously don't, I obviously don't have whole life life insurance, Terry. That's just completely asinine. I mean that would be on the front page of the New York Times. Okay. That'd be like Dave Ramsey has a credit card. You know, I mean, come on. Or I leased my car. I mean how, what kind of dumb butt would say Dave Ramsey leased his car a crook. Okay. I don't lease my cars, I pay cash for him.


You know, I mean Dave, Dave has six credit cards 'cause he likes the air miles. I mean, how, what kind of dumb butt would say something like that? I mean this is not only a crook, it's a dumb crook. A desperate crook, you know. And So, yeah, I, You know, every time we've asked her to do Something with our money, Terry, I mean it's a non-starter. Don't let your financial planner be a crook. Fire her. Okay. Fire her. Right. Get away from her. I'll, you gotta get away from her honey. 'cause if she'll lie about this, what else is she gonna lie about? Right? Yeah. And she's not really a financial planner. She's an insurance agent posing as a financial planner. Yeah.


She works for an insurance company, doesn't she? No. She works for Thrivent. Yeah. That's an insurance company. Is It? It's a whole life life insurance company. They're not financial planners. They're whole life life insurance salesman. Whew. And she's a crook. I thought they were financial planners. No, she's a life insurance a salesman. And So yeah, they're not financial planners. So financial planners are represent much many different products. She sells one Thrivent and so it No, you need to get away from her it And cash those out. Lemme just tell you and and move my funds away From her. Yes. Listen, you need to go see someone else. Go to one of our smart investor pros or go somewhere else and sit down with someone that is an independent person that can sell mutual funds, can sell insurance, can help you, guide you through this and will not shame you when you get ready to make a decision about your money.


Yeah. Because the thing you have to realize is, and, and it's not for you to lord this over, but they're working for you. You're paying them a percentage to do a service for you. So you are the one, if there, if there is a balance of power here, it it rests with you. They shouldn't be manipulating you. They shouldn't be trying to kind of make it seem like they're the smart one and you're the one that doesn't know what they're talking about. That is the wrong feeling when you're working with somebody, especially with your money. Yeah. So I mean, here's the thing. You walk in on a a car dealer floor and they say, you know, you need to lease the car, Dave Ramsey lease hiss car. You don't just say no, he doesn't.


You just say peace out. I don't do business with crooks that lie. And you walk to somewhere else and you go somewhere else. I walked in to buy a washer and dryer with my wife one time at an electronic store and the guy tried to convince us to get an extended warranty And I said, oh, we don't do extended warranties. I'm so arrogant. I thought he recognized me. He didn't. And he goes and says, Dave Ramsey gets extended warranties on everything he buys here. And I said, well, I'm pretty sure he doesn't. And he goes, oh yes he does. I can show you the file. And I said, I'm pretty sure he doesn't. And I handed him my driver's license and he said, oh yeah, that's what he said.


Yeah. Oh, biscuits. Oh biscuits. Yeah. That's what he said. And, and my wife is like, and he's like, well, we're gonna make you a great deal. I'm so sorry. I'm like, there's, you couldn't give me this whole freaking store right now. And Sharon's like, well we need to, I'm like, Sharon, I need to leave here before I say something. And he has a real Dave Ramsey story, so we're going to Lowe's and buy it over there. And so, oh my god. You know, so this you just don't do business with crooks, hun. Because, because once they lie to you about one thing, you know they're gonna lie to you about something else. Or you don't know when they're lying And you're sh she's showing that you guys don't have the same values. You said you, you made it clear to I value Dave Ramsey's opinion.


I listened to Dave Ramsey. And rather than really take that to heart Or just say, you know, I, I agree with Dave on some things, but I disagree and here's the points. Yeah. And argue on the merits. Yes. But, you know, but that, that's So Yeah. But, and here's what's Stu here's what's interesting. You know, 20 years ago people said this like whole life agents would say that that's, that's been going around for years. They also say, I own a term life insurance company, which is absolutely bull crap. I don't own a term life insurance company, So I would've made a lot more money if I did. But, but I don't, Xander owns it and he pays me add money. Yeah. Get money, add money off of Xander. So, but they, they tell this stuff and back then you could get away with it. But now there's this thing people called the internet. Ah, yeah.


And there's this thing called social media and there's this thing called a podcast. And so Terry can call here and actually talk to me and ask. And so if you start li lying like this, it's kind cost you now at a different level than it used to cost you. There was a timeshare place that set up at the local mall and they would tell people, Dave Ramsey's got three of our timeshares. Oh my gosh. And so our producer went over there with a microphone Blake back in the day. Yeah. And got him to say it. And he said, now we're gonna put this on the air if you ever say it again. Yeah. Put 'em on Blast. That kind of, kind of put an end to that crap. So I know you did. So, you know, but it is the same stuff. It's just people. When you got no defense for your crappy product, you lie, you lie.


That's what you do. And so, and, and Thrivent's whole life life insurance product is crap. Wow. It's knee deep manure. Right. Along with the other whole life products that are out there. So, geez man. Unbelievable. That's so funny though. It's so cute. I mean that they, that you actually think you could get a, in this current environment of digital, I know the digital world we live in that you can just say crap and just get away with it. Of course everything on the internet's true. Right? If you live your life that way. Ooh man, good luck to you. Yeah. You need to find another way to save your sales. Like actually logically defend your product line.


That's, but when you can't do that because it's such crap, then you have to, you know, Go to these extremes. And that's just sad. It's just really sad. It's sad. So Terry, get you an a get you look when you're looking for a real financial planner, they're going to have the heart of a teacher. Now the smart vestor pros are mutual fund brokers is what they do. They do not work for me. I am not on commission with them. I don't own them, but I recommend them because they have to have the heart of a teacher or they will not be one of the smart vest pros that we recommend. And they're going to go along with the stuff that we teach here on the air. The four types of mutual funds in your rollover IRAs and your 4 0 1 Ks help you get your kids' college funds started, make sure your will is intact.


And of course, you know they're not gonna sell you life insurance. If they did, it would only be term otherwise they wouldn't be recommended by us. Hello? That's not hard. Wow. This is such a difficult job. Not statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John.


Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I Used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And Oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, you're gonna have a crisis here and you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options and term take care of your dad. Gum, family man


Term life insurance can replace income path dad's cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's Exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying I love you to your family term life insurance. Jeff Xandr and the team at Xandr Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82


live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Thanks for hanging out with us America. Jade Wash all RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author. She's my co-host today. The phone number S Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Sam is in Buffalo, New York. Hi Sam, How are you? Hi Sam. Hi Mr. RAMSEY. Thanks so much for taking my call. Good afternoon. How are you sir? Better Than I deserve. What's up? So Mr. RAMSEY, I am looking for your permission to be able to spend money and live well while I'm young.


Lemme provide some context. My wife And I are both physicians. We collectively make a little under half a million dollars. Over the last five years we've been living only off my paycheck and using her paycheck entirely towards her student loans. I did not have any student loans, So we had the luxury of doing that. We recently paid that off. Yay. Way to go. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that. Thank you. We're very happy. So we have this new income, which we've never used before. For the most part. We live pretty conservatively. I drive this same car I did in residency And we did buy another car. As our family grew. We pay $500 a month on that And we plan on paying it off by the end of this year, calendar year.


Mr. RAMSEY. I more and more as I'm getting older, I'm 37. Oh, You're ancient. Ancient. I don't know how you get around And just trying to keep up with you. I suppose I am the, the people around us are, are getting old as well And we look to them as examples, family and friends. And what I tell you is most of our closest family members are not living the retirement life they thought they would. My father passed away last year after about a, an illness that took him about a decade to sort of succumb to. And prior to that, over the decade, he was not mostly non-ambulatory.


My father-in-law wa is diagnosed with early onset dementia before the age of 60 and now is in a nursing home. So both my mother and mother-in-law are living lives that they never thought they would. And I look to them and although the sample size is small, I worry about my wife and our, my health as we get older as a physician, my paycheck is mostly guaranteed. I I mean I'm licensed in three states. If we lose my job, God forbid it would not be very hard to find something soon. We have a little over a hundred thousand dollars And we, what's What's your question, Jay? Yes sir. My question is, is it okay to spend say 15, $20,000 a year traveling with my wife, creating memories?


You make a Million dollars. Yes, of course. It's Okay. Okay. Okay. I don't, I don't teach people, I don't teach people to live in a cave and collect lent when they make a half a million dollars. Unless you're working on getting out of debt. But you didn't exactly sacrifice when you got out of debt. You were still living on 200 grand while you were getting out of debt and you got a car loan. Sure. And then you went and borrowed money to get a car's. Correct. So pay this stupid car off and not by the end of the year, dude. Yeah. How much is it? What do you make, you make like 40,000 bucks a month. Geez. Yeah. Well yeah. Yeah. Pay off The car And and go on vacation and go on vacation.


$15,000 worth three times a year. And you don't, And and let me also add to that 'cause there was a lot of like comparing to other people's lives and why just Yeah. This is your life. Like your life is your life. Sure. This is your income, this is what you did about your debt and this is how you're gonna go on vacation. You don't have to justify it by all these kind of like, woven in things that you were doing. So You're a doctor, you see sick people all day long. Sure. Could that possibly skew your decision making? Of course it Could. 100%. Yeah. So yeah. You know, and so all you see is the, you know, all these things. I'm, I'm a, I'm a guy that helps people not avoid bankruptcy. So when I pull up to a stoplight and see a nice car, I see a car payment, you know, I don't see a nice car.


So, you know, anyway, all that to say, yes of course we teach people baby step $1,000 two is out of debt. Everything but the house that includes your car and your student loan, we're there now then baby step three is an emergency fund, three to six months of expenses. I'm guessing you have some money saved for an emergency, Correct? How much I do? Yeah, we have about a little over a hundred thousand dollars. How Much do you owe on the car? $8,000. Okay. Pay it off tonight when we get off the phone. Okay. Okay. Now then, and then you're a hundred percent debt free except your house, right? Correct. Good. Okay. Now we've got an emergency fund where at baby step four start beating 15% of your household income away towards wealth building and retirement.


And then let's start paying off the house. But when you leave baby step three and you are debt free and have your emergency fund, we teach people to move from intents, which is where you don't go on vacation or out to eat too intentional, which is where you do go on vacation and you do buy a nice car 'cause you make freaking half million dollars a year. You need a good car. Don't drive a hoopty and certainly don't put your wife in a hoopty. And so, you know, and So yeah, you need to and you need to spend more than 15,000 on a vacation. That's what I was gonna say, but I didn't wanna, That's not much of a vacation for a guy that makes a half million dollars. Okay. You need to do want I want her in a a four seasons.


Yeah. Put Waldorfs or St. Regis something. Yeah, I want her, I want her enjoying this. Okay. Which by the way is gonna make make you enjoy it. I hope she is listening because you were gonna go take her to Marriott. I know you were Right. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, after listening to you, I always want to cover my defenses and my, you know, I wanna make sure that we're, we're able To pay for the kids. You're, you're, you're in great shape. I just want you to do everything on purpose. Yes sir. That's all I want you to do. Yes sir. I want you to look at the whole picture and say I have this much, if I put this much on a vacation mathematically it does, it's irrelevant.


Okay. 15 to $30,000 on a vacation when you make a half a million is 8% of your income. It's financially, mathematically irrelevant. You could take that much and burn it in the middle of the floor and your life would not change. Goodness. Yes. That's the way, that's the way you need to learn to look at it. It's the, the burn it in the middle of the floor example, the ratios. Now if you make 30,000 a year and you wanna call me and say I'm gonna spend 30,000 on a vacation intentionally, I'm gonna say, you're intentionally stupid. Don't do that. Okay. 'cause that's a hundred percent of your income. No, we're not doing that. But you know, So I, The hard part I think comes when it's something that is clearly your wife values, experiences, that's a love language, a spending love language.


She has clearly, it doesn't seem to really be yours. So it's probably harder for you to justify that amount. So looking at it through that lens should make it easier to say, Hey, she values this. It's the mathematical side is still what Dave said. But if you can look at it and realize that that's why you don't wanna spend the money, it's not because you don't, it's not 'cause it's too expensive. If that makes sense. You're exactly right. And here's the thing, we need to make sure everyone hears the message more often. 'cause he didn't get the message of live like no one else. So That, so that is the key conjunction You can live and give like no one else. I'll guarantee you that Sharon And I are leaving in two weeks on a two week vacation and it wasn't 15.


I don't wanna know how much it was. I'm a, it's gonna scare us. Scare don't scare the people do Live like no one else. And I'm not being snobbish, but I mean, I've worked my butt off for a long time now I'm an overnight success. Right? So, you know, it's an, it's an irrelevant amount of money of course in mathematically in my life. But so live like no one else so that you can live and give like no one else. Increase your generosity to people.


Most phone plans are like bad roommates, unpredictable, always asking for money, hard to get rid of and they never do the dishes. But Boost Mobile, totally different story. It's just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and data, no contracts and no weird hidden charges. Just 25 bucks a month forever. That's right. The $25 price will never go up. And if you're still skeptical, I get it. That's why Boost Mobile offers a 30 day money back guarantee. So try boost. You'll love it. Or get your money back. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY to make the switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY. Restrictions Apply. See Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY for details.


These days the internet is chock full of so-called investing advice from random goobs with zero qualifications. Listen folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about. That's why I recommend the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster RAMSEY Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


Our question today is brought to you by Why Refi. Some lenders won't touch defaulted private student loans, but Why Refi was built for this exact problem. They'll explore refinancing options with a low fixed rate custom built refi. For your situation visit Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in Allstate.


All Right, today's question comes from Nathan in New Jersey. He says, we have paid off our debts and are working on a six month emergency fund baby. Step three. It's been a dream of mine to day trade via algorithms And I believe I have something that is very profitable, roughly 300% annually. I've done everything I can to test my theory and it, it has worked. So I feel the risk of losing is low. However, I know Dave just try to work with me here. However, day trading requires 25, 20 5,000 in the brokerage account and it would take about a year to get that capital. How would it be wise?


Would it be wise to use the emergency fund as capital for the brokerage fund and only trade with money we have saved beyond that 25,000, I would still retain the 7,000 in an easy to get to account in case an emergency happened. Okay. Let me tell you why Dave was laughing. Well first you said that you believe it's Gonna be profitable. Is there a Nigerian prints involved If probably on the other side of this, meaning it's a scam. My thing is, you know that you need the 25,000 to test it, which means you really haven't tested it. So you really are just operating off of belief 'cause No, he he ran, he ran hypotheticals.


Yeah, but He pretended with he, he ran the numbers as if he had done the investment he, he ran the algorithm and the algorithm worked. Okay. Which is the worst possible thing that could have happened to him. Probably. Yes. But there's the part of this that it's still day trading and the, the statistics on this are really, really bad. It's so bad. I think I read one, it was, now George Kamel put this in his, in his book. I saw him the other day. I happened to flip up and see him on my Instagram watching George Kamel. Yeah. Me watching George on Instagram. Imagine that. Wow. I, the number I had, the last piece of research I saw was 78% of day traders lose money. Interesting. George's recent piece of research he just picked up is if you persist in day trading longer than six, six months.


Oh yes. 97% lose Money. That's right. That's what I was gonna say. 97% lose Money. Let me help you with lose money. Nathan. Nathan, I, speaking from the perspective of an algorithm, 97% is all of 'em lose money Over time. Yes. Which means you're not making money. Yeah. This, so honey, you need to find another way to make money instead of trying to beat a system that no one has ever beat, And especially to put your emergency fund up To try it. That really, that just screams of greed and desperation. Yeah. Why are you so desperate? That's the question. The question you need to walk away from Nathan is why, why must this happen so quickly for you? What is, 'cause like Dave said, It's what is wrong inside of you that's causing this because something's wrong, honey.


'cause this is straight up stupid. It's your family's emergency fund. You're Putting your family stuff at risk here to do something that 97% of the people fail at. And you think you found the silver bullet, I'm sorry. Pride comes right before the fall. That ain't happening. So, and even if you played it out, even if you're a person listening to this and you're like, well, it's not my emergency fund. I've got some money to play with and you know, off my, i I money earn. If you like burning money, this is a good way to do it. You can just completely set it on fire in the middle of the floor. I'd rather buy a car that goes down in value to nothing. At least I get some fun out of it. I'd Rather Go to Las Vegas. At least that's more fun. It's not That fun.


Losing money is just not fun. There's nothing hilarious about it. Really. Like when the table's hot, Dave, come on. You get a You get a drink, Dave, don't come on. You and Rachel can go play craps. All Right, Dave, don't play craps. So I just worked too hard for my money because I noticed that the furniture and the chandelier right above that crab's table is really noisy. Oh, it is. And I know who paid for that. Losers. That's who paid for that. So it's Entertainment, dude. Yeah. The, the people, the inner people entertained. Are you not entertained? Yeah. That's it. So yeah, there we go. Yeah. No, that's, it's Nathan honey. This is, this is you, you, you know, you need to, the, the rule for building wealth is those that can delay pleasure.


It, it, the ability to delay pleasure is an emotional sign of maturity. And so this very email screams that you're 19 In indeed. Or a very immature 30 or 40 something who's trying to make up time. Even worse. Yeah, even worse. Yeah. You're at a functioning at a 19-year-old level. So yeah, this is one definition of maturity is the ability to delay pleasure. Every time I read the book, the tortoise and the hare, the hare never wins. And you just described the game of the hare. Real investors invest steadily over a long period of time, and they are the ones that systemically build wealth, high probability of becoming a multimillionaire by investing steadily over time, not looking for a magic bullet, not trying to find an algorithm or a Nigerian prince.


And certainly not pledging your emergency fund to be an investment because then you become the emergency. So, wow. Whew. They, you know what happened there, Jade? I just realized it. Kelly, you did this, didn't you? This is our, our, our team set us up. Why do You think they did that? Because they knew that I would be, I would go off Yeah. On This. And I mean, it's Like, this is, this is so dumb. It's go knew I would lose my stuff on it. Yeah. So, yeah, that's exactly, this is, I feel Like you kept the com pretty Good. I hope it's, I hope Nathan's actually real and they didn't just make this up. No, they don't make 'em up. I'm kidding. Kidding. No, they Don't make 'em up, but they do go through and try to find something to get David riled up.


I know they do that. That's, I mean, this is, it's a Dave riled up meeting. It's our production meeting. Yeah. This Is TikTok though. This is what everybody's telling you to do, you know? Yeah. Go to the moon. Well, let me help you. There's, there's not much life lessons on TikTok. You ought to follow Jeff's in when Charleston, West Virginia. Hey Jeff. What's up? Hey, How are you doing? Thanks for taking my call, Dave. Sure. How can I help? I'm with some recent shakeups at work. I'm a little concerned that I'm putting too much money into retirement. I'm 45 And I'm putting around 20%. You have A, you have a house mortgage? No, I rent, I have a house fund that I hope to buy a house outright when I pull the trigger on it.


Well, we would tell people at your stage, I assume you have no other debt. No other debt. Okay. If you have an emergency fund, we would tell people at, you're at what we call baby step four. And you would be putting 15% of your income into retirement and the rest of it'll be going in your house fund. Okay. So I'm gonna beef up the house fund a little bit, which could convert to an oh crap fund if I lost my job. Which is, which is kind of why I've been paying a little closer attention to Yeah. The retirement account lately. Yeah, that's what I was talking about. Now you're not gonna lose the 401k. You understand? You own it. Even if they go belly up, that doesn't affect your 401k. Right? Right. So You, you're safe on that part.


But yeah, so I'd be putting 15% away and I'd be putting the rest of it in the house fund and in the worst case scenario, it becomes an extra large emergency fund. Okay. Okay. Do you think I should still go straight the 401k route? Sure. Or you know, 'cause I've always looked at Roth ira. Do You have a match Considered it? Do you? Is I, do I, does the company offer a match? I Get a five, yeah. I get a 5% match. Okay. Get it while the getting's good buddy. Yeah. Match is free money. And then after you can invest up until the match. And then if you want, reach over and do a Roth I a you could do that and max that out. And then if you still have money left, then you could come back to the, the, the 401k and do That way. But the total of all of that is no more than 15% of your income in a year.


Okay. Okay. And if you're, if you have, i, if you have it both ways and your 401k is, has a match and its Roth, I would just stay there. Yeah. And max that out. Yeah. Agreed. Okay. Yeah. 'cause I was just kind of wondering because it feels like that's gonna grow to such a significant retirement, 401k that I can't touch for another 15 years. But you'll be okay. You know my house, you Yeah. You, you'll, you'll, you look over there and see a million dollars in there, it won't piss you off. You'll be okay. It'll be very happy. That's how millionaires are born. Right there. You just heard it. You heard the birth, did you hear the egg crack? That was the beginning of a millionaire. Right? Then There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting.


But you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage. Just somebody else's


Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up, never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is Ramsey Trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby stepss millionaire. Get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter. No purchase is necessary and you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


Renee is in New Orleans. Hi Renee. Hi. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I have a question about parent plus loans. My dad took it out for me and my two older sisters, and I've since graduated. This was 16 years ago that I graduated. But anyway, they're kind of, my parents are getting to retirement now and it's basically like they're there. My dad always finds a way to throw in there that like, he's paid on these parent plus loans like our whole lives.


And just like saying that it's the reason that he's broke and that he doesn't have money for life insurance. And he's, you know, filling the pinch of like retirement. And I basically don't know what to do. 'cause I don't really know how much he owes. It's all like, he just likes to throw it in there and kind of like he's upset about it. But my mom won't let us pay them because basically all three of my sisters, if we can't all pay, she doesn't want any of us to pay them back. What was the, what was the original idea? Was the idea we're taking out these parent ppl, LL parent plus loans So you all can Go to school and this is our gift to you.


Or was it said from the beginning, we're taking these out in our names, but you guys are paying them. Was there a agreement? Do you remember? So, So it's been a long time And I don't really remember what the agreement was for me, but I know from my oldest sister, I just recently talked to her about it. My oldest sister, who's eight years older than me, she said that when she, when they first did it for her, it was kind of like, we'll pay for the parent plus loan while you're in school. But then after that we want you to pick up the payment. So did she pick up the payment? Well, She did for like, maybe a year. And then when she got married and she had a baby, like my parents kind of just like relieved her of that responsibility.


So there's, and then my, it's it's a gray area is what you're saying. It's a little different for everybody. Right. And then my other sister did the same thing. She paid for a little bit after she graduated, but then since my oldest sister wasn't paying, my parents were like, well, it's not fair for us to make you pay. And so she stopped paying, but like, by the time it got to me, none of them were paying. So they never made me pay. Do You know, know, and if you asked how much they are dad, how much, how much are they, would he tell you? The thing is he consolidated them and stretched 'em out over this long period of time. Which is why like, it's also hard to pay because they're all, do you have a Total amount?


I think it's in the 40,000 range for all of them. All Right. Like, and so do you and your sisters have 15,000? We do not. Yeah. Okay. Then the discussions irrelevant. Honey, you don't have the money. Your dad signed up for this And he regrets it and he's, And he feels bad. And not much of a, I mean, I, I gotta tell you, I I'm kind of, I'm pretty disappointed in him for guilt, tripping his own kids after it was a decision he made. Be a man of honor. Eat your broccoli buddy. You signed up for this trip. Don't dump it on your kids. Every time they come over for Thanksgiving and or, or don't be shocked.


They quit coming over for Thanksgiving. They're gonna get tired of you. It, it has like, pushed us away. Yeah. Like, you know, and Yeah, nobody likes being a travel. Nobody likes hanging out with a travel agent for guilt trips. Now there is a side of this and I'm in no way putting this on you, but I'm putting myself in your position. If my dad had done this And I was hearing about it, me being who I am today or even back then, I might be interested in figuring out, okay, how much did you take out? It was my education. It, what is it that I'd want him to Speak for real to me? Well, if it's 40 today, I would just take it by three, which is 15 grand roughly.


Yeah. 12 grand. You know, and just write a check and hand that to him and go. Exactly. I'm, I'm, I'm done. I'm clear. I'm done. I'm done. You talk to the other two And that's, I mean, I'm not saying you have to, But What do, what do you make, you're in your thirties, what do you make? I make 50,000 a year or 50 to 60. Are you married? I have two jobs, yes. Married. What's your, what's your husband name? I'm Married. He's about the same. 50 to 50. So you guys make $120,000 a year? Yes. Okay. You have other debt. Our house. And we're expecting a third baby on the way. And, And you don't have a dime, you don't have any money?


I have, I do have a car note right now. Oh, that's debt. But other than that, like yeah, I owe 26 on that. But good lord, besides the car note and the, the car note and the house we're good. And we do have a savings, but Not how much is in your savings? Like 3000. Okay. So you're not good. You're broke, You're your dad looking up for the same thing to happen in a few years. Okay. So you guys need to get your all's crap together, get this car paid off or get it sold, get you an emergency fund built and then you can have a discussion about whether you wanna reach over and help your parents.


But today, okay, you don't have a legal or a moral obligation in what you've told us. There's no ethical obligation here. It would be a gift gift, which is what Jade is describing. She would do. If you get yourself in a good, strong financial position and you want to give someone a gift that's related to this discussion, that's fine. But this is a charitable gift. You could write charity on the for line of the check if you wanted to. Okay. 'cause you do not owe this money. You really Don't. And the only reason I was saying it is if you thought there was some way, 'cause I'm thinking this is my dad, this is eroding our relationship. If there's some way that I feasibly can kind of take this into my own hands, that's something I would do.


But you don't have to. And it's not to say that it would even fix It. And you don't until you don't have a car payment and you have an emergency. That's Right. That's right. And have a baby. You know, you got three things going on here that need money long before your dad gets any. So, okay. Yeah. I'm, I just want you, I wanna set you free from his guilt trips. He's not very honorable to do that. It's sad that an old man does that to his kids, his three daughters. And they do it all time though. And he's playing victim. He's playing victim for a trip he signed up for. But the learning from this, he'll been This way since, since he took it out. He's been this way since every, it's all, it's all in all other parts of his life too. You're not the only place that he blames someone else for his own stupidity.


But The learning that you can take from this today is Don't Be him. Don't be him. So you today have a situation that you need tending to, which is your own finances. So that when your baby gets old enough to Go to college, you're not taking out per, you know, parent plus loans. And so that when you're that age, you can look up and feel good about how you've managed your finances instead of pulling load off of and blame it off on everybody else. So this is your learning from this. So number one, if you never pay it back, that's fine. Number two, definitely don't pay it back until you don't have a car payment. Deliver this baby successfully and have more than $3,000 in an emergency fund. Okay? You need a three to six month emergency fund.


You need zero debt except your house. And then if you want to save up 12 grand, additionally, you and your husband agree on that. You do that in your budget and you wanna throw it at them as a gift, that's fine. If you never pay him, that's perfectly okay with me. I'm really good with that. Me too. The only reason I would have you pay him is for you, not for him. That's what I'm saying. He, he is not deserving. I'm pretty disgusted with him right now. So, I mean, I can't imagine. I'm 64 looking at my grown kids in their thirties and go And we, I mean, whoa, you love me. Ws Yeah.


Unbelievable. My kids would look at me and go, who are you? You know? And it just wouldn't happen. I mean, I don't know whether it's hillbilly honor or what it is. How do I just have too much pride? Yeah, I I that's what I'm wondering. Just dump it on your kids. It's a lack of honor. I Agree. It's just a problem. So I just, gee, you know, we got a manhood crisis in America. Open phones at Triple eight, eight two, five five two two five. You jump in. There's one way to solve all that, by the way. No student loans. Yeah. How About That? How about looking at these three girls when they're 17 and go get a job and Go to community college. Go To a state school.


Hello. Pay go. You can't go over there. You can't afford it. We don't have the money and I'm not going into debt. You're up a creek, kiddo. You're gonna have to figure it out that I like that answer. I Do too. Parents are not required to pay for college and they're certainly not required to go into debt for it. But you are required to have a conversation early on about what the expectations are. And the expectation is there's no debt. Yeah. So Go to a school you can afford that. We'll help you when we can and that you can work while you're in school. By the way, it's not child abuse. And you can get some scholarships and you can Go to a state school 'cause nobody really cares where you went to school. All they care is you actually learn something. That's all they care. You never hired a doctor based on where he went to school.


You spend hours researching before making a major purchase like a home or car. But it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage to protect your biggest assets. I recommend using Ramsey Trusted pros, whether you're looking for car home or any other type of insurance. Ramsey Trusted providers have been coached and vetted to serve you. Like we would find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


If you're tackling debt or building wealth or both, it can get, you can often forget about one of the more important steps to reaching those goals. And that's defense while you're playing offense. That's called insurance. Having the right coverage, whether it's too little or too much, can impact how long it takes to get out of debt. And built wealth. Skimping on insurance might seem like saving, but when life happens, then it's easy to fall back into debt without the right safety net. The right insurance acts as a shield. The wrong insurance acts as a drain on the checkbook. So Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup and take the free coverage checkup or click the link in the description on YouTube or on podcast and take the free coverage checkup.


Jacob is with us in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Hi Jacob. How are you? Not too bad. Thanks for your time today, Dave. Appreciate It. Absolutely. What's up? My My question for you is, I've been taking side gigs from my W2 employer and I'm transparent about it, but there is some tension between me taking those side gigs. Wait a minute. You're taking side gigs? What now? I'm taking side gigs in addition to my W2 job. Okay. Why would that create tension? Is It the same type of work? Yes. Same type of work For context, I work in the events industry and it's for my old employer too. So that might be point of contention. But So your girlfriend ain't, ain't cool with you hanging out with the ex.


That's Kind of, yeah. Can understand that, but There's nothing, are you taking, are you taking money out of your employer's pocket? No, I'm currently salaried and every time I go out There's no, I mean, I mean is are you, the business that you're doing with them, is it harming your employer? No, I'd argue it's helps actually 'cause we could be a supplier for them. Hmm. Okay. So in other words, it's not, it's not a co it's not competing. You're not assisting the competition. Correct. That is not the case. Okay. And you're, so you're not taking clients away from your, the the guy you're working for is not taking clients away, nor are you taking clients away from your current employer.


It's not the same gig your current employer could have gotten. Okay. So are you not getting work done when you're at your main employer because you're screwing off with the other stuff? That is his fear. That's not the case right now. He thinks that might come to be that way. Okay. But I see it as a revenue generation opportunity for our company as long as, as well as myself. Well that's, yeah. It's mainly you that we're concerned about. And listen, you gotta give 110% while you're on the job to, to relieve that concern. Okay. So here, here's good. Now in here's the, here's the thing, the reason I'm asking all these questions and, and Jade, we talk about this all the time.


Business ethics is fairly easy. You don't need a whole semester course in college on business ethics. Let me help you with business ethics. Treat other people like you'd wanna be treated, do unto others as you'd have them do unto you. So reverse positions. You have an employee working for you that is working for his ex-employer on the side. It adds revenue maybe, but it helps the employee. He's got a good side gig, but you're a little bit worried that he's taking his eye off the ball while he is at work. That's you, you just switch places with your boss. Okay? Yep. And, and so, you know, you solve all the problems then that's, and, and So I, if you're not being unethical is the answer to your question.


And no, you're not wrong. Morally. The, and the other reason that tells me that is you've been open with your employer. Yeah. Yeah. You can try to hide it. But now you know, here's what I would say. Okay? If you were the employer, you would probab if you switch belt places with your boss, you with me Jacob? Yep. You would love it if this young man that's a go-getter walked into your office and said, Hey, I hear you loud and clear that you're worried about me taking my eye off the ball over here. I'm gonna pledge to you that I put in an extra level of effort to prove against that concern. If you see me doing anything different, would you please come to me immediately? 'cause I want to honor your concern.


Absolutely. Okay. If you heard that and you were the ball, she would go, I like this kid. Yeah, This guy's got it. Gotcha. Okay. In in a world, does it ever make sense to roll that into the company itself and bill my time through them? No. What about taking, 'cause it's not a product line that your employer has now. You just created competition. Mm. Okay. No, its just, you just changed the, you changed the product mix of your current employer. He does not offer this service now. And you, now you rolled it in and now he offers the service. So you've complicated it.


Now you just, you got a side gig, take the side gig and you know, and, and sometimes these guys, some guys, a small business owner is so personally insecure that they're gonna just lose their crap in spite of you being honorable. And that's a possibility with your current boss, right? I don't think so, but maybe. Okay. But I mean, it's always a possibility. I mean, but, but absolutely. I I've had a lot of different things where we've had team members. As long as they're not taking money out of the mouths of my children over here, I, you know, I'm fine with the side gig. I'm perfectly fine with that with most positions. Now I'm not fine with j Jade doing a side gig 'cause she's got one gig.


It's this thing that's a little different if I The demand the demand on her. If you see Amazon on flex, it's a problem. Yeah. The demands on a RAMSEY personality as a brand would be different. She'd be lending her brand to someone else and that would not be okay because it's one of, it's our brand and we've done it together, she And I and our team. And so that would not be cool. But if, you know, one of our guys who does video work wants to do some video work for somebody, as long as they're not in our space, I, I'm, that's their business. They can go do that. I mean the, it's not a problem. I agree. So just, you know, business ethics really take a, take a hot second and really reconstruct the other side and step into their body, do a body snatcher thing and go, okay, I'm looking at Jacob through the eyes now of a different person not trying to defend my position.


And if you can walk a mile in their shoes and it still feels cool, yeah. You're probably okay. Yeah, I agree. And ask the question, have I done anything so far that's made you feel like I'm, And I do not giving A hundred percent. If I, if I do, please let me know immediately. Yeah, Yeah. 100%. And I, I'm pledging to you to honor this relationship by pouring on some extra Yeah. Gas. You know, I think a lot of employers don't like that though. They don't like somebody Well, because they get, because they get bifurcated moon lighting. Yeah, no, they get bi they get bifurcated. They, they cannot keep from doing their side job while at work, which is stealing. That is 'cause you're, yeah, It's, I'm paying you to work and you're not working.


Instead you're working on the other stuff that makes your money. Yeah. That's, you can't do that. That's Stealing. Okay. So that's unethical. Yeah, That's right. And that, that's why a lot of people don't do it because sometimes the person doing the side gig doesn't have the discipline to keep them clearly separated. Remember during COVID when people were just applying for two full-time jobs 'cause it was work from home. Remember when they still do that, Y'all need to stop doing that. Yeah. I talked to a developer the other day. Oh gosh. He was telling me he has a lot of friends in the software engineering business. They have three full-time jobs. Oh my gosh. And they, they work from home and they get paid three salaries and that's just straight up theft boys and girls.


Man, there's no way, there's no way you can do that. Yeah. You, you can't work three eight hour shifts. That's you, there's sleep involved here and food and showering and so forth, hypothetically. And So, yeah. Yeah. That's just, You would think there'd be an AI program for that, that when you're hired, you can see if somebody's already like working another job. Yeah. There's a business idea for someone. You're welcome. Yeah. I I solved it. You, you know how solved it. How'd You solve It? We work from work. Oh, there you go. That's solved it. That solved it. If here, if you're here, if you're here, we figure you're working. If you're not here, we figure you're not working. And that's kind of how it works.


That works. It's got this big beautiful building. It's got a wonderful cafeteria. A lot of really smart people you can hang out with. Yeah. We work from work and then we actually work. Whoa. It helps you keep your Life leadership insights right here. I'm just saying deep thoughts from Dave. A new segment, a new segment on The Ramsey Show. It's like a bad Saturday night Live skit. Oh my goodness gracious. Yeah. That's a good question, Jacob. And you know what I love about your question? Is that you have the integrity to be concerned about it. That's good. Yes. And that is, that's a good sign You're going to do well, sir, you're gonna do well. Young man. Proud of you.


This is The Ramsey Show. Go call every coach.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. By the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. Alright. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. So what do we do.