
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual and amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality, PhD in counseling number one bestselling author and host of one of the hottest shows on The Ramsey Network the old Dr. John Delony Show. He's my co-host. Today, as we take your questions at triple eight eight two five five two two five, those of you that follow this show closely are freaking out. 'cause I'm not usually here on Fridays. I don't work on Friday, but I decided to drop by and do an hour of the show with Dr.


John today 'cause I had an unusual thing happen. And, we wanted to tell you guys about it and let you know what's happening. Our team, several weeks ago, reached out to the Trump organization and reached out to the Harris Organization, vice President Harris, president Donald Trump, and offered the ability to sit down and have a discussion about ideas because I'm sick and tired of all the months slinging. I'd like to talk about ideas and 'cause I think ideas are worth fighting over and arguing about. And if you wanna sit down and talk about ideas and do a long form interview, the Harris Camp has our request.


The, the last word we got was under review. So not, not been a yes, not been a no from them. But I flew to New York and at this time yesterday I was in Trump Tower interviewing President Donald Trump for an hour and or for 35 minutes. Anyway, ended up being, went a little quicker than we thought it was gonna go. But just to sit down and to talk about ideas and so forth. And it was fun. It was interesting. I've never done anything like that. I've interviewed presidents or past presidents before, but obviously he is a different one, especially in front of a microphone. 'cause he knows microphones and production. He's been on TV for years and he's very cognizant of what he's doing.


It's very interesting. So it was fun. It was very interesting. You get a different thing off of, I, my contention is this, that anyone that hates someone is just, you know, there's a few people you should hate Hitler. Okay? But he's not Hitler. And there's a few people you, if you want to hate him, you can hate him. But I gotta tell you, if you dislike someone's positions on things, if you spend an hour with him and just listen to 'em and find out their heartbeats and that they have, that they love their kids. It's hard to be a racist if you spend time with people of a different color. It's hard to be a sexist if you spend time with high performing people of the opposite sex. It's hard to hate people when you spend time with 'em.


That's my theory. So, and that was my attempt at doing this. So it may be boring as crud to some of you. We had a good time with it. Yeah. and I think you'll laugh some and I think you'll hear some things when the interview comes out that you didn't expect. I, but I, I also don't think there's anything in there that's like breaking news. I don't think Dave Ramsey has got a scoop for sure. We got exactly what he wanted us to get. Sure. Because he's a pro, you're not gonna get something he didn't want you to get. And they did not ask to review the questions in advance. Actually an hour before the social media guy got nervous and said, can I see the questions?


But not but not Trump's staff. Yeah. The social media guy was worried about what was gonna end up on social media. 'cause they're very cognizant of the power of social media. So anyway, it's fun. So here's the deal. It will come out on The Ramsey Network app, which is a free download for your phone or your computer. And it will come out Tuesday on The Ramsey Network app. And on Wednesday we'll put the interview out long form on all of our podcast channels in our YouTube channels. Completely free. All of it's free either way. There's no no hook in this. There's nothing else. But it was, yeah, I, I don't, I mean, I do a lot of stuff behind closed doors and go to high security situations.


I've never seen security like this in my life. It was unbelievable. Well, I saw there was a tweet that went out that was like, Iran's trying to kill me and he'll never get me and I'm surrounded by missiles and go whatever. Right. As whatever wild tweet Was going on. Yeah. Well, I mean, right as You were walking in that Just getting in front of that building, getting into that building, going up an elevator in that building, going into a certain room in that building where the president's going to appear later. It's an interesting process. Mm. It's especially with all the crap going on with him in particular, but they, they are doing their job. Yeah. That's for sure. It's, Well, I wanna say this on, on behalf of don don't have a normal job.


Right. I'm a YouTuber, as my son says, and a radio host I don. I don't have a normal job, but on behalf of like you, you say this often. If everything was just to go away, you and Sharon are gonna be fine. Right? Like, if, if some big economic correction, you and Sharon are gonna be fine. You don't owe anybody any money. And you think, well, we were in a meeting the other day and I, I, I appreciate as a guy who's just a regular guy, I had to go talk to my neighbor yesterday or something that happened with my dog. I'm trying to figure out how to get my yard mow for it rains. You, you too. Yes. I, I'm a just is as a regular guy living in a neighborhood in a meeting the other day, you said what you just said, I wanna double click on it.


I'm sick of everybody just throwing mud at each other. And every day you come to work, you're the only CEO in America that I know of that still spends three hours a day with their front end customer listening to hurting people all day. Like, I want to get some real answers to some real questions and I I am like, I wanna give both camps an opportunity just to say, okay, here's how I'm actually gonna help people with eggs. Here's how I'm gonna help people with like, the cost of, it's just hard in life right now. Yeah. It's, and so thank you for being somebody who at least wants to say, I I'll use my platform to speak up on people who are hurting. 'cause I talk to them every day and y'all apparently don't because we're not, nobody's talking about them. Right. Right. And so I appreciate you being willing to do that.


Well that's fun. Yeah. Obviously we're catching hell. Of Course everybody will catch out For everybody. All the anti-Trump people are just reigning, reigning acid on our parade. But, well, that's fine. I mean, it's, I this is not an endorsement of anybody. I'm, I'm, I do not worship. I I'm not starstruck. Right. I'm just, I'm, I'm not, I it's not 'cause I'm arrogant or something. I've just been doing this crap a long time. And these people are interesting to me though because the type of person that plays at that level is very interesting to me. The level of energy that they have. I mean, he's 78 years old. He spoke in North Carolina like two hours before he was in Trump Tower on, in front of our cameras. Hmm. I mean, he, and he doesn't stop.


I mean, where is he getting all this energy? I'm, I'd be worn out and I'm 64. But, but yeah. And and he's shorter than I thought he was. Hmm. I thought the guy was massive. Didn't you? You have that impression that he's like six six or something. He's not No. He's just a little bit taller than me. Than you. Than Me. And you're just a little bit taller than George Ken. You know, you're way taller. Yeah. Careful. Careful. You're way Taller everybody. Everybody's taller than George Kamel. But I mean, it was interesting. That kind of stuff is interesting to me. Yeah. So our first question, I'll go ahead and preview it. I just said, okay, Mr. President, we talk to real people every day. Lemme tell you what they're concerned about. They're not concerned about a bunch of the stuff you're talking about. The stuff they're concerned about. $7 eggs, $5 gas, 7% interest rates and house prices going up faster than their wages are going up this black cloud.


That's over our economic situation right now. And, we can talk about how it got there. We can talk about what you used to do. You can talk about the current administration, but I don't really want to, what I don wanna talk about is what you're gonna do in the first 90 days to get this black cloud off of America. Right. And that was my first question. Yeah. And I'll ask Miss Vice President Harris this exact same question if I get the opportunity. Yeah. So, And I think it's all contact couched with, we're still gonna show up and tell Americans you like you can't wait on them. Yeah. Like you gotta control, it's in your house. And by the way, if you're out there and you're angry and you're never gonna deal with Ramsey again because I interviewed Donald Trump. Good leave. I'm fine with that. You're narrow-minded and too stupid to talk to. You need to learn to engage ideas and engage things that make you uncomfortable.


So good. If you're angry, 'cause I might talk to President, vice President Harrison, and you're gonna leave and never talk. Listen to us again. Good. See you. Wouldn't wanna be you. We'll miss you. This is The Ramsey Show.


Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions that you don't agree with. Yes, that's right. People are unknowingly putting money into big tech giants and household brand names that don't match up with their core values. But there's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Visit timothy plan.com for more information. Timothy plan.com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus if available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by four side fund services. LSE.


Funny. They pop that picture up there. That's a great picture. But I, it's one of the few times that someone's head glows more than mine. His hair just lit up under the lights. Mine usually shines like a bulb. You know, we have to put so much makeup on my head to keep it from just glistening. Right. And his hair is like a dadgum halo, which would not be appropriate. Right, right, right, right, right. but it lights up and he had us change the lighting 'cause it was even worse than that. That that's funny. I like it. Well it's a good shot though. Fun stuff. Alright, for, that's for those of you looking at YouTube. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Danielle's in New York City.


Hi Danielle. how are you? Hey, good afternoon Dave. how are you Better than I deserve. How can we help? Well, Dave I'm calling you because I have a question, which is how do I ba How do I bounce back financially and get myself ready for retirement? What are you bouncing back from? Well, I have been, I had an accident in 2007, which left me disabled. Hmm. I had to learn how to walk again. Wow. And so finally, I got to the place where I could do a part-time job.


'cause I needed the, the money that I was getting from Social Security disability and my pension was basically going towards my rent. But I started doing that and, you know, hurt myself a couple of times. Wasn't able to really save up. And then Covid came. I was able to get a full-time job, but it was a temp job. So of course that wasn't really enough still to, you know, save anything. Yeah. But now I find Are You, are you single Danielle? Yes, I am. Okay. I am single. All right. And you're 57. And how are you doing with and I your disability now and I? Are you working full-time or how are you doing?


Praise God. I am working fulltime. I, in fact, I just recently was hired permanently. Good. What do you make? So my salary is 50,600. Okay. And you live in the city in New York City on 50 grand. Yeah. Woo. I didn't know you could sneeze for 50 grand in downtown New York. Wow. Okay. And you've got, and you've got pension coming in, in addition to that, are you still getting the social security? Unfortunately, no. No. I once your working Yeah. My social No longer qualified for It. And they stopped. Yeah. And they stopped my pension. Yeah. And in fact, that's part of the debt that I owe because according to Social Security Disability, I owed them $52,000.


Not to mention 17,000 to IRS 8,000. I had, I had credit cards, but I owe 8,000 on that. and I owe How Much is your rent now? Friend Of mine? Well, right now I'm living with a friend of mine, so I'm paying $375 a month. But I am trying to get my own place because, you know, I love my friend and I wanna keep her as a friend, but I need my own place. Yeah, okay. Yeah, you do. Okay. All right. And so you've got a total of how much debt? A total of 80, 87,000.


Okay. And, and a bunch of that is IRS and repayment to social security for the time that you were working and should not have received disability according to them. Right. Exactly. Okay. All right. Have you fought any of that yet? I, I talked to Social Security. They're saying that I can possibly Yeah. Have it forgiven, But probably, but yeah. Okay. so I think we need to get someone in your corner that choose to fighting that battle because those battles are lengthy, but they're doable and they don't, they don't come around telling you what all your rights are and what you can pull off there.


But there's some things you can do there. So, and, and it will might, and it might even affect the IRS bill if you refiled your, an appeal and refiled an amended return on your tax bill. so what I'm gonna do, because this is a complicated situation, I'm gonna put you with one of our Ramsey coaches and I'm gonna pay for it. It's not gonna cost you anything. And they're gonna come in and look at your situation and go at some of these people and see if we can get this 87,000 down to half of that or something by just working the system. And then we can work through the rest of it and get it paid off. And then start building, building up some, some kind of a nest egg. 'cause you've got to start working towards a nest egg.


And you know, it's all about cost of living versus what you've got coming in and finding those differences and being able to push that through. So you, you've had a hard road kiddo. You need somebody to love you well and walk beside you. And we're just those kind of folk. So you hang on, I'll have the Christian pick up and we'll get you one of our coaches as a gift from us. And I think they can help you. I really do. It's what they do every day. They help people negotiate all kinds of debts. But when you're dealing with the IRS and social security, it's a different, it's a different spirit over that stuff. So yeah, different World. Tell me about the social security repayment. Dave. I've never heard that before. Well, if you continue, if you're working and you're receiving full payout on SSI, which is Social security for disability, so she was declared com permanently and totally dis disabled right.


By the government. Based on that, they're paying her probably three, 4,000 bucks a month. Okay. Give or take. Okay. Might be more, might be less, but somewhere right in there. And it's not unusual and based on the fact that she's permanently disabled and she qualifies to receive social security support instead of, or in is different than the retirement you get through social Security. But then when she went back to work, she kind of says double dipped says, I'm really not permanently disabled anymore. I've gotten past that. I've worked my way through that with therapy or whatever. I'm able to work again, but kept getting the checks. Okay. And so that, that's not okay. Right. You can't keep getting a check for being permanently disabled when you're no longer permanently disabled.


And you've proven that by working, if you had a private disability company that you had a disability policy at your work and they were paying you and then you went back to work, they would have private investigators following you around with cameras. Right. So that they could not have to pay you the disability anymore. Do you know If, you have to pay tax on SSI benefits. You do not. So if you're getting 4,000 bucks, And that's where some of that taxes came from. So if we can reduce what's owed back to them, then that might reduce that IRS tax bill probably, I'm guessing I'm, I'm fishing around in the dark there, but I think that's what I'm hearing. But I can also imagine if you are permanently disabled, And, we know psychologically, spiritually, emotionally, that going to rehab, doing the hard work and getting back out there Right.


Is, And you don't know if it's gonna work, Is good for everybody. That's right. Good for everybody. But if you're getting a check for 4,000 bucks a month, 48 a year after taxes. Right. That means you gotta be making, you gotta go find a job that pays pretty dang well to even get to, to come off even. Yep, yep, Yep. That's tough. That's a tough order. Yep. Right. Yep. Our human nature's gonna say why, why swim upstream? Yeah. Because you wanna be. Well, that's why, I Mean, you have, it has to be that way. But if she's making 50 grand, then she took a net loss in her house after taxes. Yep. Living in New York City. She Did. and I think she said they stopped her pension too. It was early, early with release on it based on disability.


So like, we had a guy here years ago that was making over 400 something thousand. One of our top guys got MS and went home out. He was gone. He later passed away from it at an early age, but went out on disability and the disability people were paying him. The policy we have here, max is at 300 k or it used to don don't know what Max is at today. And so he's getting 300 k. Man. They were fought on him everywhere. I Bet. So. Huh. Trying to figure out if he was doing anything, if he lifted a shovel, if he got paid for doing anything, they were gonna disallow that claim. So, you know, we were coaching him.


Whatever you do, no matter how good you're feeling, don't work. Yeah. 'cause they're gonna, they're, they're gonna the long lens across the parking lot, they're gonna capture you paparazzi doing anything. Yeah. So, and as because they get defrauded. No, I get it. I get they're Defense. It's just one of those things that just, there's, there's not a lot of winners there. Right. Because I know they get defrauded and they wanna protect their, their money that they're Upside down on. And then that's what they swing the pendulum so far that you just have to be paranoid about how you live Or you gotta be somebody like, you know Danielle who says, I'm gonna take the net financial loss because I'm worth some different kind of life. Yep. And I'm gonna have to work extra hard because it's gonna cost me money to go get well, Well I just feel better about my life.


That's right. When it's me. That's right. Not some check coming in. Good for you. Danielle This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am in The middle next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief. Like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud. And you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. Or go to xandr.com.


thank you for joining us America. Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Kate is with us in Denver. Hi Kate. how are you? I'm good. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I am kind of at a loss of what I should do. I don't really know how to handle my emotions about my mother's bad financial choices. Okay. Why do you have emotions about your mother's bad Financial choices? Well, I mean, I worry about her. It's mo mostly anxiety and concern. Oh, okay. She's made some pretty bad financial choices throughout my whole life, so not new, but you know, she's getting a little older.


She should be getting closer to retirement. And her latest issue is, is leading her to possibly cash in her 401k. And I'm really worried for her. and I don't really, I've asked a few friends and family about what I should do and I don't really know if I've tried talking to her and it hasn't really worked out. She doesn't seem to listen or be interested in changing. so I just, I don't know. I know it's not my responsibility, but I still feel that concern for her. Sure. I think your feelings are right. I think it's just what you do next. It's the most important. And if I was you, I'd feel bad and I'd feel scared for my mom and I'd also feel sad that she doesn't trust me.


And then I'd have to go do the next Right thing. and I wish there was some sort of secret sauce in between that, you know, there just isn't. and I think with family, it's just, it's the, it's the worst man. 'cause you're, you, you know, it can't win. You can't lose. It just kind of is sometimes. And you're heartbroken and you're sad and maybe a last ditch effort. And Dave you, you, you may have some different thoughts, but is, I love the idea of writing letters and here's why. It's something that people can go back to. And sometimes when we challenge somebody or we ask 'em a question, they hear it through a lens of shame or frustration or who do you think you are when you write it down? They can go back to it and go back to it and go back to it and go back to it.


And that's that. I mean, you're, you're throwing spaghetti at the wall 'cause nothing else has worked. But that might work. And just let her know, I love you. If you ever wanna talk about money, I know that it's scary if you ever wanna talk about it. I've learned some things along the way and you've helped me so much and I'd love to help you with this if you ever wanna talk. Yeah. And, and then you gotta dust your sandals off and go on to the next thing. 'cause life's too short. You can't do anything about it. I've only seen a couple of things that have any success at all. And it has to do with the person you're talking to. Not with you. But I know what doesn't work. What doesn't work is you sitting down and say, Hey mom, you suck at this and I'm gonna show you what to do. Right. That's not gonna work at all. Because you've got the powdered butt syndrome.


Once someone's powdered your butt, they don't want your opinion on money or sex. Okay. so I don't care if you've got a master's degree in finance, you know, they're, they're the one person that's not gonna listen to you, is your parents. So a disturbing number of people in my family do nothing. I teach, And I've got two PhDs. You know, how many questions I've ever received about Any of those subjects? Marial advices zero. Any of those subjects. Yeah. Zero. So that's zero. That's what you run into. Now what has worked is the same thing as sharing your faith. You can sit down with someone and tell your story. Say, Hey mom, here's where I was broken.


Here's where I was scared. Here's where I was ashamed. Here's where I was running backward with money. Here's mistakes I made with money. and I stopped doing that. And instead I did this. And when I got on a budget and I worked it at Snowball, I paid off $57,000 worth of debt in 18 months. and I know you're proud of me for doing that. and I just wanna tell you, it was a, it was a, it's an amazing sense now that I've got a power over this and I didn't used to. That's your story. And no one really gets upset, hardly with you telling your story, even your mother. And sometimes we're doing that with the hope that she will say something like, wow, I wish I could do that.


Well, she just opened the door. Or Man, I could never do that. Yeah, you could. She just opened the door. Right. And so we're trying to get her to ask you a question or make a comment that gives you an entree into the living room of her mind. The second one that has worked is If. you have a family member or close family friend that is respected by her, that is very good with money. She might listen to them a whole lot easier than she will you. That make sense? Yeah. That, that's, that's really good advice actually, because it, she, there is, there are actually a few accountants in my family that I think she might listen to a little bit more.


It's more of like a fundamental difference of opinion. Yeah. As she's just No, it's not, it's not. She very much believe It's not a fundamental difference opinion. She sucks at handling money. Yeah. It's not a, it's not a difference of opinion. She's just wrong. Yeah. And What we've gotta do is she's got bad information and she's acting on it. Yeah. It's not like she'd much rather be happy now than plan for the future. Now that's that. That's just, that's a 4-year-old. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I'd rather be happy. Another plan for the future has not worked well And she's not happy. She's, she's using That as an excuse to buy crap. She can't afford with money. She doesn't have to impress people. She doesn't even really like, and she's gonna retire broke.


Now she's painted herself into a corner as cashing out a 401k. So her system sucks. Her belief system sucks. So for her sake, if anybody could inject a new set of software into that brain where she started looking at this differently, whether it's an uncle or an aunt, or your story opens up a thought pattern for her, or maybe the, maybe the desperation of a, now she's looking at, I'm gonna have to retire and need Alpo. Something opens her up to be able to talk. Then that's the best thing that can happen to her. Because I mean, why did I go broke? Because I was stupid. The stuff I was doing was freaking brain damaged. And that's what made me go broke.


so I mean I got a PhD in DUMB, I know exactly what it looks like. And that wasn't a difference in opinion. It was stupid versus smart. That's not a difference in opinion. That's just right and wrong. Evil and good. And so yeah, that and that there is truth in this world. The law gravity works for everyone, you know? So yeah. I, but yeah, I think you keep inserting yourself. And, and the other thing is is I, I, I think you could push right up into the edge of this as long as she feels how much you love her while you're doing this. But you can't smack somebody in the back of their head unless you got your arm around their shoulder first.


You gotta have, you gotta have a quality relationship. Here's a heavy other. so I mean talk about your emotions, feeling out of control. Often they are feeling out of control. And, we cast that on somebody else. So you think you are emotional about your mom's expenditures or the way she's living. I bet if you spend some time with it, you're actually emotional about what this is going to mean for you later. You are gonna be faced with, am I gonna pay for mom? Am I gonna take care of mom? Am I gonna let my mom eat Al be homeless? So you're casting it on her right now 'cause you're watching it. But really your body knows this is gonna be in your lap in five years, 10 years, 15, 20 years. so I think a lot of the emotional exercise that you can do, the only thing you can control here is go ahead now and make some boundaries about what this is gonna mean 20 years from now.


Are you gonna pay for it? Are you just gonna start putting a, put a sinking fund away to take care of mom one day? Or I'm not gonna do this. I'm gonna make peace with it. I'm gonna end it. But you can decide what your boundaries are gonna be and think about that stuff into the future and begin to control that. 'cause that's really all the control you got. Yep. Absolutely. Good question. Kate. And a lot of people in America are facing those exact same emotions with their parents and or their grown kids. Some of you are what we call the sandwich generation. You're getting squeezed by broke parents and broke grown kids. And you're squeezed right in the middle and all, all the bologna is coming out with a squeezing. I can tell you that. so I thought you said baloney for a second. So good. No, just Bologna. I said balogna.


Good. I'm careful to enunciate that word around you. All right, good. Because you, you have a, you have a, you have a serious psychological wound Deeply for caring for my feelings. You have a wound around that and it triggers you. I know. That's right. So,


hey, the best way to make the most of your money is by creating and sticking to a monthly budget. EveryDollar makes it simple to plan spending track expenses and keep the pulse on everything. Then EveryDollar is upgraded and iterated almost every month. We have a whole floor of people working on this software all the time. It is the world's best budgeting app. Tens of millions of people are using it. John, you said you guys had an interesting experience the other day doing an EveryDollar webinar. You and George, is that what it was? Oh, it was me and Chris Campbell. Today. Today. Oh, You and Chris Campbell. Yeah. It was, it's just amazing watching people walk through that thing. And there was the number of people who jumped in who were baby step sevens who were buying it for offering to buy it for the people who were just over their head and wondering what I, I can't breathe what I do next. Shit. Generous people sitting in the webinar and I Pretty amazing. That was cool. It was. I've never seen that. Never heard of that. but it was pretty rad. Pretty rad. That's neat. But it's folks who have been through it, they use it and they realize, oh, this was a path to freedom for my family. I'd love to pass this thing on. Yeah. Pretty cool man. Neat.


This is The Ramsey Show.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds credit union's different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on Fairwinds dot org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans. Go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ Ramsey


Am Dave Ramsey your host, Dr. John Delony. Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Thanks for joining us. If you haven't heard The Ramsey Network app is where you get the last segment of the show every day. We moved it onto The Ramsey Network app. You can download the app for free. We've got all kinds of other stuff on The, Ramsey Network app. It's completely free. We don't charge a thing for this. And it's where the Trump interview will hit first on Tuesday and then it will pop up. That Donald Trump interview that I did yesterday in New York will pop up on podcast and on YouTube on Wednesday. So never fear you'll get it wherever you are. But if you wanna download that, one of the things you can do on The Ramsey Network app is ask a question.


This one comes from Candace. We aren't high income earners, but managed to set up a college fund for our daughter from an inheritance we received 15 years ago. College fund has enough to attend her number one school and pay cash. However, she has a full tuition scholarship to a different state school that will provide a good education. But she still wants to go to her first choice school. Do we encourage her to go to the cheaper, cheaper school and save $40,000 or her dream school? Don don't know what school's gonna only cost 40,000 maybe a year. Maybe a year. so I was just pulling up some data here. So By the way, John has a PhD in higher education. Yeah. So it's, I'll let you, I'll let you wade in on this. It's been A few years. So ultimately here's, here's kinda the breakdown.


There is a, what they would call an earnings premium by selective institution. But here's, you gotta drill into what it means. What does that mean? If you go to a fancier school, you do, there is some data that says you come out with a higher salary, but what they don't tell you is those fancier schools, self-select. So if your kid is earned a full ride, then her test scores are good. She's a hard worker. And what they say is that premium dissolves when you factor in test scores like grit and all these other things. So, So meaning if you select thoroughbreds only for your school, of course your school. That's Exactly Because of who you selected. That's Right. It's a preselection Outperform be because the thoroughbred can run fast no matter which school they went to.


That's right. So ultimately I think what if you look at it all across the board, what a premium school, if you, or however you wanna call that is there may be a premium classmate selection, meaning you're more likely to be sit by the Elon Musk who's gonna start a company and they're gonna call you 'cause they're friends and y'all room together. Whereas if you go to a state school, that might not the, the chance of that happening. You, you might have less thoroughbreds everywhere. There might be a few thoroughbreds in here and there. All I have to say is this, if you've got cash, I if it's an, if it's an incredible institution, yada yada, I don't have a problem with it. What I do have a problem with is a 18-year-old saying, this is my dream.


Yeah. And you spending money on that. thank you. If your kid gets into Yale and you want to say, okay, Yale's got a premium, they got the best architecture program in the world. I'm all about that. If your kid says, I felt at home at this place and it made me feel warm and fuzzy, it's my dream. And this other school is saying, you can come here for free. My kid in my house is gonna go to the school that's there for free. Yeah. And so I'm not gonna be drug around by my kids, quote unquote dreams. Yeah. I think you need to continue to have a conversation with them about what they're getting for what you're spending. That's, that's a great, And if they cannot have that conversation logically I'm gonna override them. That's called parenting.


But, 'cause it's my freaking money by the way, not yours. So we're gonna talk about that. So you can come out this way and buy a house right after you graduate with the money we had saved for college And I. Love that. That to me is a really compelling educational expenses and housing. Yeah. Coming outta school. Those are the two things that'll, that make it tough for a new grad. Yeah, we can take that off the table. All, we all went to the University of Tennessee and the Ramsey kids were required to go to the University of Tennessee. But for lots of reasons. But you know, but I'm kidding. Not really, but yeah, not much. But anyway, one child who might be named something that sounds like Rachel actually applied to an out of state southeastern conference college, which shall go unnamed, which was $14,000 more a year to go to basically the same level of education, maybe even less for $14,000 more simply because it went across the state line.


Can we click on that real quick? And I just said, I'm your father not paying. No, I'm not paying for it. So there is actually a move where public state schools 'cause their, their tuition in in state is often capped or they have to go through the legislature so they have a premium on out-of-state students that they can charge for the same seat. A because you're not a a citizen of this state, I can charge you an out-of-state tuition fee. And there's actual recruiting efforts to go get those kids as though their experience would be so radically different. But they go after your 18-year-old saying, I know you are next to UT Knoxville, but if you just cross the state and look at our state school. Yep. Madness, Madness, madness, madness.


One of the worst ones was, I talked to a girl here on the air one day who was in South Carolina and I said, why don't you go to South Carolina? She said, no, I wanna go to Mississippi. I said, why do you wanna go to Mississippi? South Carolina's a good school. Mississippi's a good school. They're both southeastern conference university, state universities. I mean, it's a, I mean, fairly close baseline And we could argue about Sure, sure. Little stuff. But I mean, I'm like, why, what, what is it that's drawing? It's my dream. Why is it your dream? Same kind of crap. Right. And, and I'm finally, I'm like, what? She said, the houses in Oxford are so beautiful, this is why you're gonna spend 14 grand extra to look at other people's houses for four years. Hmm.


so I'm just like, where, where's your parents? Someone needs to take your little self and say no. Yeah. No little self. You can't do that little self bad plan little self. So, So, so I mean to answer this, if my kid comes to me and says, dad, I got accepted to Stanford. I wanna study computer science and whatever, and I have a, the money saved up semi kid to Stanford and he can articulate here. I don't have a problem with that at all. Not all day, every day. Exactly. And but if he says, dad, I wanna go to University of North Carolina and I live in Tennessee and he got accepted to UT Knoxville that I can't do the math there. It, it's illogical. Yeah. Right. I mean, if you're gonna study marketing and, and logistics or, or let's just say supply chain, which the University of Tennessee has one of the top schools in the nation.


University of Michigan is one of the other ones. Okay. On supply chain, if you're gonna study supply chain, you're gonna come outta University of Tennessee making probably right at a hundred grand right now with that degree. Okay. If you want to go to Vanderbilt and study the same thing, you're gonna get a substandard education at Vanderbilt on that particular subject. Sure. Yeah. And you're gonna pay $75,000 a year instead of 12,000 a year. Now that's stupid right. To say that you went to Vanderbilt because I've, my upper limp is sunburned because I went to Vanderbilt and my nose is in the air. You know, that's just bull crap. That's just stupid. Okay. And there's, I'm not against Vanderbilt other than their football, which they don't play well.


But, but the, I mean, I, I, there's, I've got a niece that graduated from Vanderbilt. She had a free ride there. Yes. And then went on to be a lawyer and is a partner in a law firm. Yeah. Right. You know, and so great. That's awesome. No problem with that. But don't go there, you know, and, and you know, kick in your false, false setta Right accent as you're doing it, because I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna write you up. 'cause I mean, I went to the University of Tennessee and people that worked for Van went to Vanderbilt worked for me. Mm. so I know it's not necessarily better all the time. Okay. So that, that, you gotta think this stuff through logically. You have to put some critical thinking to it. A, can you pay for it if you can't pay for it off the table? B, what's the opportunity cost on this money?


What could she buy if she goes to this other school? And then what's the benefit if she goes to the famous school, the, the dream school, right. So to speak. But yeah, be careful with that word dream because that may mean my boyfriend's going there. That's, That, that was Yes. Yes. I'll just leave it at that. You're correct sir. And there's a a hundred percent chance of breaking up with that boyfriend. Just like right at a hundred. It's like 90 something. The pro the statistical evidence is really bad. So I'm kidding. But not much. So yeah, be careful if you're following your love around and it's costing you 20 grand a year. Okay. It's a bad plan. You can buy a lot of airline tickets for that crap.


So think this stuff through moms and dads. Get involved. It is your job to keep your kid from doing something that's gonna cost 'em a decade of their life. And by the way, I have a freshman in high school, it starts now. I'm shocked by it, but it starts now. And so that means the conversations around your dinner table have to start now. Ours started when they were six 'cause we taught 'em to sing Rocky top. Just depends on how early you wanna brainwash or indoctrinate or manipulate or teach whatever you want. Call it John. Just whatever you wanna call it here. What's that? Great. There's a great Homer Simpson quote that says, the best part about being a parent is you get to teach them to hate the things that you hate.


Oh, that's Alabama. Okay. Now Did you know half of your listening audience just like, like, almost like, like subconsciously. Just shout it out. Roll tide without even They couldn't help it. It just came out of their outta their arm. It's like a, a visceral response. Well it's gonna be a great football game this Saturday. I can tell you that. This is The Ramsey


Show. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play. Or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app


From The Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw. Your host next to me is Dr. John Delony. We're gonna take calls about your life and your money. We're gonna help you build a life that you love. We're gonna help you build wealth. We're gonna help you with your careers and your relationships. It is a live show, so you can give us a call. The number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. And we'll get you in on the line. Alright, John, you ready to get into it? Let's go. All right. Kristen is in San Antonio, Texas. What's up Kristen? Hello. What's, what's up? Yes. So my question for you, I'll get right to it, is my husband and I did a boo boo.


We actually, Whoa. Not that kind of show. What'd y'all do, Kristen? Well, financially. All right. So we had a, a high amount of debt And. we had the brilliance idea prior to hearing about Dave. Ramsey of course, to do one of those lovely debt consolidation companies that basically, you know, we pay into, I mean, into it. And then they negotiate. Right? I guess the, the, the pot that we have contributed to and now we know Dave Ramsey and it's an uhoh. We shouldn't have done that, but we we're not sure what we should do.


We have $3,000 put in the pot already. What's the total debt that you're, that you've consolidated? 37,000. Okay, So they're saying they set up a, a payment plan for you where you pay X amount a month, right? Yeah. How much are you paying And it's a lot of our income. $831 a month. Okay. And what is your income every month? Well, I am self-employed, so it's kind of iffy, but we go about, I would say about 6,000. Okay. And so your thought is like, all right, how do I get out of this?


Because you're also paying them something, right? Oh yes. How much of this goes to them? So basically the last time I talked to them, they basically said we have about 3,200 in the pool, I guess you can say. And after three months we still haven't heard anything as far as them negotiating yet. But we're also working on our debts, other debts to small things that we are doing the debts snowball to and have a budget and we're sticking to it. Okay. But we're also house poor, so that takes a lot of our income as well.


What percentage is it on your, in income on your mortgage? 40%. Okay. Okay. It could be worse, but that's, that's pretty, that's pretty tough right there. 40%. You're feeling that in a major way and you've got this consolidation in a situation where you're not really able to control it. What happens if you don't pay what you've said you will pay? You know, I'm what I have all I've, I should have asked them that question, but my, the only thing they said is if you do decide to walk away, you will get your money back. Okay. Okay. To 3000. Okay.


So they're, they're pooling the money. They haven't actually put it towards any of the debt yet. Correct. Yeah. And, and it's, we're kind of deciding, okay, do we, do we just keep the money in there and keep on pooling or Do we something So Jade, Jade Christian, I'm gonna ask Jade this question 'cause she knows more about this than I do, but my understanding about most of these companies is they will hold your money. They wait until you default. So they're crashing your car for you and then the, then the credit card companies will sue you or who you owe money will sue and then they will take the money that you've put in that pot and use that to say, what if we wrote you a check for $3,000 today just to settle, but you're the casualty.


Do you get what I'm saying? Right? Yes. And so they come off looking like the hero, but they crash your car and then using your money instead of paying the payments that would've kept your car from being crashed. Then they come out and be like, look at what we did for you. But you're on the side of the road with no car and everything's an ash That Yeah, 100% heartbeat because we have, so we don't have enough to pay like all, there's three separate credit cards. Okay, so that's all this 37,000 is that's what the 37,000 is, is three separate credit cards? Yes. Okay. Here, here, if I'm in your shoes, I, if I wake up in your shoes, I'm trying to get out of this because in this situation you want to have control and I feel like right now you don't have the control.


That would probably give you more peace. That's, there's two like big red blinking lights here. That's one big red blinking light is you can do that for yourself. Like if you said to yourself, I'm just gonna crash my credit and then I'm gonna do this. You could do that for yourself and still be in control of it. don don't think it's to that point, I don't think you do have to default. I think you can just pay these people above what you owe them and pay it off relatively quickly. You make seven, you, you net $72,000 a year. so I can, I think you can make this happen. And you, you mentioned that you have a side business or your own business, which also lets me know there's no ceiling to what you could be earning. There's a way for you to increase your income. Am I right?


Yes. and I work every single day. Excellent. Excellent. We both do. So if I'm you coming away from this call, I'm going to, if they said, Hey, if you walk away from this, you get your money back. I'm gonna go back and say, I, I I I don't wanna do this and I'm gonna try to get out of it. If, if they give you some sort of runaround or there's some fee on the backend, call us back, we'll help you with it. The house is the other big glaring light. It's 40% of your income. How long have you been in this house? Only a year and a half. Okay. And did you get in at 40% of your income or did something happen and your income plummeted or the payment went up? What happened? Income plummeted.


My husband and I moved from a different city. And. we had to find a place to live and that was the one available and we're like, okay, we can do this. And then they stopped his overtime. That's tough. so I don't see a pathway for you to clear this debt in the, in, in a way that makes sense and keep this house. Do you? I I really don't. I mean, we're working as much as we can. We're budgeting what we can, I mean, but it's just not making a good dent. You know what I mean? Yeah. There's not much margin left over.


Yeah. It's that classic hole to shovel ratio. And what makes us move move faster is that bigger shovel, right? Because I'm guessing you're at a beer bones budget. Yes. And then we, we have about about 40 no 60 in, you know, equity obviously. So we basically break even and I guess we could rent, but man, it's hard to, we have two girls. Kristen, it's hard to, How old are you Kristen? I am 43. Okay. If you were my sister, I would tell you to do that exact thing. Okay. And here's why I would want that break even what it, it like mathematically it feels like Oh, my gosh, we're just at zero.


But that zeroing out is, I want you to think of it as like a, a set of chain cutters and you just cut a chain so you Yeah, you're right. You don't have, you don't have anything but nobody's got you. Right. Do you know what I'm saying? And that in your home is a different kind of piece than what you're living with right now. Yeah, I'm with John. I would get out of this home because not for many reasons. A, you just e even if you called in here and everything was great, you didn't have any debt, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah. But if it was 40% of your income, that is bondage, that is a burden that is not a blessing that a home should be. And even if you were debt free, having a mortgage that's 40% would make it tough to get where you need to be financially and accomplish your other goals.


This is The, Ramsey, Show.


So what does the future hold for business? Nobody really knows. You ask nine experts, you're gonna get 10 answers. Are the robots gonna replace us all or will AI usher in a whole new world of work? But because there's no actual crystal ball, more than 38,000 businesses have future proof themselves. With NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. NetSuite brings accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. Realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. And speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. The guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Motivating your team to work and lead with the same passion you have is one of the toughest things in leadership, but it's crucial if you want to scale your business. Fortunately, entree Leadership Summit is the leadership event that will equip you to build a team that fights shoulder to shoulder with you so you can grow like never before. Join us in Denver, Colorado. May 18th through the 21st by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash summit. Or click the link in the show notes.


Alright, you're listening to The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw next to me, Dr. John Delony. We're taking your calls if you wanna get in. It's a live show you can get in. Where you fit in triple eight eight two five five two two five is the number you can call about anything pertaining to your life and your money And. we will hook you up with the best possible advice that we can come up with John and I. Just pool our, our resources and come up with the best Possible solution. I'm definitely the shallow into that pool. It's fun. We have a good time. Michelle's in Buffalo, New York. Oh, what's going on Michelle? Yes. Hi. I just wanted to say before I ask my question, we're not free. Yeah. I'm so excited.


That's awesome. How much did you pay off? Oh gosh, let me think. I think it was close to almost 30,000. Wow. Maybe 40. It was just a, a couple cards and a couple credit cards and I just went after it. Well, we went after it. How Long did it take You and, yeah, since 2021. So roughly like three years. Yeah, three years. Very cool. Yeah. Hey, Real quick, Michelle. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately Jade and I have been repeatedly told you can't pay off debts in New York. It's too expensive. Yeah. It's just impossible to do. Are you sure you did the math right?


I know, right. It was hustle. Especially this summer. I was working six days a week. I was working anywhere from, you know, eight, nine hours. Wow. I just didn't stop. My husband of course, was working full-time as well. We went without a lot, not a lot of going out to dinner, not a lot of clothes shopping, just the necessities, you know, what we actually needed. Wow. Cooking at home, you know, the typical stuff that you guys talk about. Yeah. And just, just doing it. Listen, Here, we here it, it is again, the dream is free. The hustle is sold separately. We've been trying to tell people that and you did the hustle and so you got the dream.


I'm proud of you. Really excited. thank you. How can we help you today? My biggest question now that I'm on baby step number three, my house, I have about seven and a half years left to pay on my house. It's roughly about $95,000. Okay. And my daughter will be graduating high school in about five year, or well graduating from high school in about five years. Okay. So I'm trying to figure out what the best choice is because I know if I hustle again, I could pay this house off in about two years. Wow. But that five years of looming over me and I wanna make, you know, a decent dent for her so that she doesn't have to have any school loans at all.


So you're saying if I go hard in the paint for two to three years, I don't put anything aside in a 5 29, I can have this house paid off. Right? Yeah. I wouldn't do that. I, I wouldn't because there's a reason that these baby steps are in order and that's ultimately to serve you best. Right. Some people don't have somebody that they're gonna have to put through college and so yeah, they could skip forward. But in your case, I mean, you set it out of your own mouth. You want her to be able to go through college without taking out the loans. Yeah. And so you will be set up, the plan allows you a, a position to be able to do that. Right. First we're gonna get 6, 3 3, let's say three months. Put aside for you, maybe at six months you get to decide that you'll start investing 15% into your retirement.


'cause you're putting your mask on first. And then you get to say, all right, what can I afford to put aside for her while I'm still affording to do my 15%? And then you might decide what that number is. And another thing that's really gonna inform this is what school you guys decide on. Because that John School choice is everything. Choosing a place you can afford, Where does she wanna go to school? Yeah, please say she doesn't know 'cause she's only in eighth grade. Well, yes, but we actually have been talking about it And, we have been talking about state school. Okay. So roughly, you know, one state school is roughly in full, I think it was like close to 60,000 for the four years.


And the other one was just about half. It was actually a lot cheaper. So it kind of depends on what she wants to go for. Of Course. Yeah. Listen, I just wanna remind you that paying off the mortgage is super important. I want you to do that. I want you to accomplish that. You will accomplish that. But there is not a mad rush to the finish line on that baby steps one through three. You are biting ankles to get, you know what I'm saying, past that finish line. Yeah. But for the other baby steps, it's not like that. You don't have to, you don't have to go to those extents. Like you said, you've got seven years left at, on a, in a, in a normal frame, you've got seven years before this house is paid off. I think that's pretty freaking awesome. And so you don't have to crush yourself and you don't have to put your daughter's paid for education at risk in order to make that happen faster.


You here, John and I say that that is not part of the plan. It is not a requirement for you. and I wouldn't do it. I would put that money aside, I would take care of a baby girl. And then you will be living in a paid for house shortly after That and it's not gonna take you seven years. You know that. Yeah. There's no way Yeahs. No way. No kidding. No Kidding. So in the, yeah. That's Why I, I am so eager to get it done 'cause I'm so close. I know. So in the same way that Jade and I are often arguing with people, probably unsuccessfully, that I don't care about the interest rates like that. This is a psychology game and just trust us. Just pay this off. It works for millions of people.


This same principle applies here. And that's this, I get that you have a math problem and you've got a set of, you've got an energy right now about you. We've just done this so long that if you try to baby step to your house with just maniacal intensity, what we see is people burnout and they just say, screw it. Mm. Yeah. And so I, I don't see it, it Jayden and I can talk to two are blue in the face. and I'm gonna tell you, I go, I, I go over the top of my on, on a mortgage, right. I go over the top on it and I still can't treat it like baby step two because then my house isn't a house we're living in.


Mm. You see what I'm saying? Yep. That makes sense. so I think your next psychological move is to practice slowing down just a wee bit and not, and realizing you're not losing the momentum, you're not losing anything. You're just, now you're starting to settle into this thing. It's like when you're in a race car and you hit the gas real hard for that first you lose your breath and then your body catches up and now you're cruising. That's where you're at now. You're still going real, real, real fast. It's just, you're not running for your life. Yeah. And if you really do think about like numbers and opportunity costs on this. Let me try to play this out outside of my own brain. If you said, okay, instead of let's play it the way you thought you wanted to play it, I'm gonna go ball to the wall paying off this mortgage and I'm gonna have it done in two years.


Well, if you did that, then suddenly you don't have enough money to pay for baby girls college outright. So next thing you do, you're looking for student loans and the interest on that is going to be worse than what you would've do. You know what I'm saying? Like, if you really are looking at the numbers on it, I'm like, there's no way in the world I'd wanna set myself up for the interest on a student loan payment in order to pay off my house a little bit faster. Because some of those loans you're at 8%. You know what I mean? so I definitely for many reasons, but that's just another reason that came to my head. If you're a person who's really like playing a shell game here, which I don't think you are, I just think that you're excited about your house.


Yeah. I don't think this is a numbers thing for you as much as it is, it is as a I just wanna be free. I want to be done with it. and I can relate to that 100%. So yeah. Yeah. Just keep, keep on trucking. I think what, what what John said is right, you're gonna be done less than seven years. I, you're Done four years and I think you've got a chunk thrown away for your daughter's college. And then I think you can help cash flow and y'all can work together on cash flow and the rest of it. That's what I think will happen. I like that. I like it. I like it. thank you. Thanks for the Call. Can, can I just tell you we're proud of you Thank you? I appreciate That. That's amazing. I do. It's amazing. Amazing, amazing, amazing. Good for you. Very, very good. Alright, John, we have The, Ramsey Network app.


If you don't know about it, you can go over there to listen to the final hour of the show. But you guys also are able to turn in questions over there. And so we have one, this person says, we aren't high income earners, but managed to set up a college fund for our daughter from an inheritance that she received 15 years ago. The college fund has enough to attend her one school and pay cash. However, she has a full scholarship to a different state school that will provide a good education. But she still wants to go to her first school choice. Do we encourage her to go to the cheaper school and save 40,000 or her dream school thoughts? Yeah, it's, it's Dave and I. Were talking about this in a previous hour. Yeah, there's, it's a long complicated thing, but at the end of the day, I'm not ever going to fund an 18 year old's quote unquote dream.


I want to know if you're If, you have the money to pay for an elite school and there's a reason to go to this elite school. My kid if wants to go be an, you know, social media guy, he does social media guy. I doesn't wanna do that. We're coming up on the break. Here's this If, you have the money to pay for it, and there's a reason to go to that school and it's, and it's thought through. Great. Otherwise, go to the free school and help your kid put a down payment on the house when they graduate. Love it. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, Rachel Cruz here. You know, some people think budgeting means they can't have any fun with money and I know this because that was me. But the truth is budgeting doesn't limit your freedom. It actually gives you freedom. A budget is simply telling your money where to go. And the best way to do this is with EveryDollar, my favorite budgeting app. It'll help you create a plan for your money that fits your lifestyle. So whether it's a spontaneous date night or an epic Disney cruise budget for some fun download EveryDollar for free today.


What's going on? You're listening to The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade. Next to me is Dr. John Delony. And


today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Politicians make a lot of promises and sometimes they might even keep one or two of 'em. But if you're in over your head with private student loans, don't rely on the government contact Why, Refi Why Refi refinances, defaulted private student loans and gives you a low fixed rate that's built for you. So go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today. Again, that's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey. This may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Jill in Michigan. She writes, we have two children and I work full-time to bring home about $4,000 a month plus some random bonuses. My husband only earns an average of 600 bucks a month from his commission only job together. This is not enough to pay our bills, much less our debt. We've already cut spinning, but we have a $900 a month debt payment that he didn't tell me about until he was in over his head. Ooh. All of this is wrecking our marriage and I'm trying so hard not to be resentful. How do I get him to see that I'm not meant to carry all this on my own. He's supposed to be the biblical head of our family. Mm. What do you think, Jade?


Oh gosh. My husband only earns an average of $600 a month. That's, that's the problem. Yeah. Beyond anything else. Like it's not even a thing of biblical head of house. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. Yeah. I'm just like, if he was single, he couldn't live on that. Right. So it's just not like right now, looking numbers wise, I'm going numbers wise, there's an income problem. Right. Period. No matter who brings the money in, by the way he or she, it's a numbers issue there. But then there is obviously a relational issue because she's viewing him in a light and in a gender role.


And, and he clearly doesn't see it that way. Well, it's a respect issue. Like she doesn't respect the guy. And Yeah, I think you're right. I think it's less about the role and as much as our family's struggling and you don't care that our family's struggling, and that could be a dad not helping change diaper at night. Sure. That could be a dad. Yeah. I think my 14-year-old makes $600 a month. so I, I don't know how this works out this way. Yeah. But to me, this is somebody who is lost respect in a man who's gonna watch his family drown and just be sitting, sitting on his couch not making any money. And so then you start coming up with stories and ideas and you gotta be doing this and you should be doing this.


Yeah. That's somebody who's desperate saying, you're watching your wife and your kids suffer and you're not doing anything about it. Okay. Then tell, I agree with you. Tell me this. 'cause I can't begin to get into the, the mind of a male, you know, it's a, I'm a woman. It's, It's a very simple, simple, simple box. You're like, it's, it's, it's A not a lot going on up there. So you said it, not me. What happened? What has to be going on with a, a guy to, to sit and watch this happen? Because my brain goes to Wow, my dude must be down in the dump. Like something's gotta be going on. Yeah. That you would be able to watch that and feel either helpless to do anything about it or ostrich syndrome, something's going on that he's just not dialed in.


Yeah. I I mean, don don't know. don don't know if it's a matter of shame, don don't know if it's a matter of like a delusional guy. I don't know if he, if there's more to this story that he also is drinking, he has gambling issues or hanging Out. Yeah. Because what's the $900 a month debt? Right. Or if he's playing video games with his buddies, don don't know underneath all of that. so I think the generous thing we can say is he started a commission only job and it hadn't worked out. Move on. He is really struggling with depression. Yeah. He is, he is ashamed to look at himself in the mirror. And it's hard to shift outta that. Okay. That's the, that's the generous, the ungenerous is he is a spoiled brat man child. And Jill's been his mom way more than she's been his wife.


And he's beat down, she's beat down. And here's the deal. At the end of the day, and I'm gonna say this and not unapologetically, this family is not, I they're not in a pos don don't care. You have to get up and help your family. Yeah. There's just a, there's a period to it. Right? so I agree, you can go get some counseling, you can go get some support, you can go get some care. Your family's drowning. You gotta quit this commission only job. Yeah. You can go make more money than this by a long shot. You can four or five x this at McDonald's. Right? Yes. And so that's Why I said it. He must be somewhere deep and dark if you to not or delusional or delusional or Delusional to see that. And I've met those dudes. You're like, no bro, I got a plan. I got this thing.


And, and so they're always scheming, always whatever. So there's a lot more to this and let's just, let's just go ahead and be fair across the board. It may have been, he may have realized after two kids that, and Jill's heart on him, that he lives in a failure factory. I can't please you. I can't do anything. I'm just gonna, here's the deal. None of that matters. Your kids are struggling. Yeah. Your spouse is struggling. You gotta go make some more money. and I love how you said it. You couldn't support yourself on this much money. No. At least pay carry yourself. Right. So all that to say is there's a time to mourn and there's a time to grieve and there's a time to struggle, struggle, struggle. I'm with you. And you gotta go, you gotta go figure this out.


Okay. So you gotta go figure this out. So we've talked about this from the point of view of what he needs to do. She's the one who wrote the letter. How do I get him to see that? I'm not meant to carry this alone. You don't. You can't. I think she has, what does she do? She has to, I mean, going back to if it's generous, it's if he's really struggling, right? Hey honey, I'm gonna go see a counselor and I'd love for you to join me. Like I'm gonna be a part of your healing process. 'cause I know you're not Well and I see a light on the other end of this thing if he's a man child who's gambling too much or drinking too much or playing video games too much or whatever. Yeah. 'cause $900 a month, that's like a 30 or $40,000 bill somewhere At least. Yeah. Yeah. That's a chunk. Right. You know, so she has to do the next right thing, which is make sure my children are safe.


Yeah. Right. And so I've gotta start creating a world where we are. Okay. And that's where I've gotta start doing my four walls stuff. Right. And sometimes you can do that inside of a house. Sometimes you gotta leave a marriage. Yeah. Because this goes back to that fidelity thing. I think we think about Fidelity is off always about like romantic cheating. I think Fidelity's a way bigger thing than that. I I agree. I agree. You can cheat on your spouse at a golf course. You can cheat on, you can not be a person of fidelity integrity by not working. Yes. By just laying around Yes. Playing video games. Yes. Right. That is me not being committed to this. I'm choosing somebody else or something else over you. Right. That's right. Yes. That's fidelity. So all I have to say is she's got to be honest about he's not coming around.


He has no interest in us. He'd rather drink, he'd rather gamble. He'd rather do their stuff. so I have to do the next Right. Hard, scary thing, which is I gotta protect me and my kids and stinks. And that's hard. And nobody wants to go down that road. So she needs to go get with a professional in her local area and begin to map out what that looks like. Ooh. I hate that. That's Tough. My hope is he's a man who's stuck and he's not doing well. And her choosing to not beat him up and not choose to disrespect him, but choose to walk alongside him and say, Hey, I'm willing to go help you get well if you are. That's my hope and dream about this. But there's just a lot of unknowns here. There's a lot of unknowns. and I think that's the hardest part about anything is she can't, she's not gonna be able to make him do anything.


That's, and as long as that's the focus, we're just stuck. Right. And nobody's ever been truly, deeply shamed into behavior change. No. Ever Might last for a second. And, and all that's not change behavior. That is, I will do what I need to do to get you away from me. Right. That in fact, that's a further repellent. So the only thing I've ever seen here is, is a double down on connection. Which is hard when you, when you have no relational capital left or somebody choosing to say, I got, I got take care of us. I gotta take care of us. Wow. That's a tough situation. It's very, Very, very tough. Yeah. Oh, well we're hoping for you


by the way. BetterHelp is a place that we recommend if you are looking for counseling, you could check out there and try to get some of the help that you need. 'cause I do think in situations like this, it's really important to get like an outsider to kind of just have their opinion. Right. You get so close to it and you're looking at it and you're so close to the situation, it's hard to see it for all the facets that it has. So That's exactly right. Yeah. Call our friends a BetterHelp. If you've got nobody else that I think, I mean, I mean if you If you have somebody else call our friends a BetterHelp. But that's a great place to start. And they can see within 24, 48 hours and then get you, get you cracking on, on getting well, Ooh wee. My goodness gracious. That is the tough stuff.


Well, in the meantime, I can tell you guys that, let's switch gears here a little bit, John, and tell people that time is running out to book their cabin if they're interested in the Live Like, No One, Else Cruise that's coming up. It's gonna be here before you know it. March 22nd and 29th of 2025. And 90% of the cabins are full. So if you haven't booked yet, consider this your time to book. It's an amazing cruise. I can tell you I worked in the cruise business for 15 years in Holland America as one of the best lines out there. So don't delay Holland American's new Sta Dom ship is where we're gonna be. Cruising Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, Bahamas, we're all gonna be there. There's amazing pools, amazing spas, amazing lounges, pickleball courts. We're gonna be living our best life together and celebrating with you because you're debt free. Book it today. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise.


Hey folks, there's a lot of half baked investing advice out there, but here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Ster connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart vests.


All right, you're listening to The Ramsey Show, thanks for hanging out with us. This is a live show about your life, your money. If you ever had a question or you're just wondering, you can give us a call. The number is 8 8 8 8 two five five two two five. Christian will pick up the line, screen your call, make sure you're not some kind of a psychopath and we'll take your call. It'll be really fun. We'll probably take that call too. Yeah, we will. It's okay. Everybody's welcome here. If George, if George can work here, we'll probably take your call. That is correct. Alright. Jessica is on the line. She is. None of the things that we just described, she is just fine. What's going on Jessica? Well, thank you. Yeah, I'm really excited to talk this through with y'all. So we are in baby step one.


After my gig shift this tonight I'll have 700 me and my husband. Oh yeah. But we, I know it's really exciting, but baby step two is getting me a little worried. Okay. My, my husband took out student loans and that was something that was like his domain. so I wasn't aware of how much he owed besides or before the student loans. We owe about 40,000 in various debts, but last week he told me that he owes 35,000 for student loans. and I really understood what y'all mean by you can't breathe because Yeah. Wow. It was just, which is, it's, it's fine.


Just, I wanna know how to proceed because he, there's nine different loans. Some are subsidized, some are unsubsidized and there's different payback plans. But there's also a disclaimer that the income driven repayment plans might not Right. Be an option. I'm just so confused. I don't know anything about all this. Right. Yeah. Just, Jay's gonna walk you through all this. Can I just tell you to do one thing? Yeah. It's not a pet peeve of mine, but it's just like a thing that happens and I just wanna free you from it. Okay. This is not fine. and I think you have a habit of feeling something and then immediately putting a lid over it. 'cause somewhere along the way it was your job to make sure everybody else was okay in your world.


And you're not allowed to be mad at your husband. You're not allowed to be mad at you. Okay. Like, I feel it and then, and I cover up. It's not okay. This sucks. It's scary. Okay. And you're allowed to be mad and you're allowed to be frustrated with your husband for not fully disclosing all this stuff. You'll probably need to have that conversation, but I want you to be able to feel your feelings. 'cause that's gonna be some of the gas on this fire that's gonna get y'all outta this mess. Okay. How long you been married? Five years. Okay. And are, are the student loans from before or it kind of sounded like he just took these out? No, we met in college and I knew that he was taking out loans but he, he really didn't know how much. Got it. And he just kind of signed the paper and you know, that's what I did.


We're good with it. Signed Away. So you're just like in shock 'cause you're like, I thought we had one amount and it's double what basically what I thought. Yes, That's exactly it. Yeah. Woo. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Listen, that deserves an argument. Yes. Does I give you permission to fight a little bit about that? Yes. Anyway, listen, let me go back on that. 'cause John, you're right. Like these are real things and you have to kind of get it out in the open and like sift through it As a couple. Yeah. And when, when you say like, ah, I can't breathe, but it's okay and it is not okay, it's not okay. And drop your shoulders there. You're not a bad wife, you're not a, you're not a bad partner. You're not, you're not disrespect like man, I wish you had to sign those papers and here we are. Yeah. So we'll solve it. But when you just put a lid on everything, here's the promise in counseling, we call it leakage.


It will find a way out. And usually it's at a real inopportune time. It's at an in-laws house. Like after dinner it'll come out. So you get in the habit of saying, you know, I'm allowed to feel my feelings. I don't get to, I don't get to treat you bad, I don't get to be disrespectful, but I, I'm allowed to feel disgusted. I'm allowed to feel scared to death. I'm allowed to feel angry. And then we're gonna be about solving this problem. Is that fair? Yeah, totally. Alright. You're worth all that. So, alright. Alright. So you're on baby. Step one. Got this, the $700, life is good. Listen, you've been given a little bit of a, you didn't, you didn't know that money was there. but it doesn't change the plan and it doesn't change the course of action from here. What it does change a little bit is obviously it has the potential to, to change the timeline here and I think that's really the disappointing part that we're dealing with is you probably thought, oh we'll be done at x date and now it's pushed a little further on what is, what is the income between the two of you?


With my side digs I do, it's about 6,200 a month. Okay. And that's combined with both of you? Yes. Okay. And right now have you projected this out? I mean I know on EveryDollar there's that really cool financial roadmap planner where you can kind of go in and say, okay, here's the, it'll project for you with the numbers that you say, here's the date that you'll be done with baby. Step one, here's the date you'll be done with baby. Step two. Have you projected that I'm too scared to look at it. Oh no girlfriend. Like that's what gives you hope. You gotta see these numbers in real time because then you really have control. When you see the numbers you can, you can look at 'em and go, that's don don't like that and I can change it. But if you don't look at it then you can just go through life la da and you land where you land and you end up where you end up and I think that you are the type of people who, once you get your head around the facts of what it is, you'll go, oh, that that ain't it.


Like we're gonna put the pedal to the metal on this. We're gonna make more money and so please, please, please use that calculator. Use you. You know, we also have just a, a Ramsey Solutions debt payoff calculator. You can use that. But knowing the numbers and knowing the truth around the situation is a game changer. That is what puts the game back in your hands. Yes. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And then suddenly it's not a monster in the closet anymore. Right now it's a monster in the closet. You don't know how long it's gonna take. All you know is you got some bad news and it made you feel a type of way. But we can take that And, we can use it as ammunition if you do what John said, which is you walk through the emotions around it. But then we get out the calculator And, we actually find the real numbers and go, okay, this is the dragon that we have to slay and here's how we have to slay it.


Yes. Yeah. Do you have EveryDollar? I have the free version. Okay. So Christian will pick up, we'll make sure to get you into the premium version at least for a little while. We'll give it to you for free and then you can decide if you like it and if you wanna keep it. But that I'm telling you, I think for you with the motivation that you need, premium is gonna be the thing because it's got the transaction tracking in there that you can do. It's got the paycheck planning in there that you can do. It's got the financial roadmap, which is what I said, that's gonna keep you super duper motivated so that in the face of kind of this striking news, you can stay upbeat, you can know what your path is and you can actually get out of this. Yes. Okay. Awesome. Thank you, yes, I Love this for you, But, but I, I think it's important to call this out.


So she mentioned there's 35,000 new dollars and there're broken up into 14 different little loans. We're just gonna put those loans as though they were credit cards or per, they're just gonna go in order of importance. Smallest to largest. That's right. Who cares about the, we're just gonna start at the bottom. Yep. and I actually get excited about loans like that. Oh yeah. 'cause they're gonna get a lot of momentum real quick. 100%. John, I couldn't agree more what John says is exactly right and if I could add a little piece to that 'cause she did mention some of the government plans like save plan and things like that. Hey, I know save plan has been a taboo word around here, but I can tell you if you are intensely working the baby steps, signing up for something like that can actually be helpful in order to lower your minimum of payments.


Because with the debt snowball, you pay minimum payments on everything, then you put the extra money on the smallest debt. Right? So having lower minimum payments behooves you for the moment. So you can put a whole lot on the smallest debt and get it gone fast. So Jessica, in your case, I would do that if you can apply for it and get lower minimums. Yes ma'am. Because you're the person who's about business and who's actually going to pay off these loans quickly. Now if you're the lolly, gagger, John, if you're the one who's just like a free ride, I'm gonna take it, don't do that because those student loans are gonna be around forever for you. Right. and I hate that. I have to even play both sides of that coin. But for those of you who thought I was just saying Jade said to go to Safe plan, no I didn't. No, no. I'll tell people all day long if it's go, if, if, if, if you're going to a safe plan or you're going to the repayment plan, whatever, I, I always suggest people sign up for it.


Don't rely on it. Yeah. Sign up for it. But if it's so that you can go get that Tahoe. That's why that's I'm saying don't do that, huh? Yeah, you're playing yourself So you can go out to eat more. No, but if it's gonna let you get some more breathing rooms so you can take that extra cash and pay off more crap faster. That's right. All day, every day. All day, every day. So yeah, for Jessica, I would definitely do that into John's point. When you do have student loans that you're paying off and there's lots of 'em, sometimes they'll roll several into one payment. But if you look closer, they are individual loans with individual account numbers. And so when the time comes, you pay the minimum payment, satisfy that, satisfy the interest on that. But when it comes time to make that extra payment, make sure you're calling the payment in. 'cause sometimes you can't do it online. Sometimes you can, sometimes you can't.


But go through and say, okay, I want the extra payment to go on the principle of this individual itty bitty loan. Not on the principle of the entire group. Because if you do it like that, you'll never make progress and you'll be out here frustrated wondering why it's taking so long to pay off your loan. So there's a way to do this. There's a method to that madness.


Hey, if you wanna finish the show, we got another hour to go, but you have to go to The Ramsey Network app in order to do it. But don't worry, all you need to do is go to your app store and just Google Ramsey Network app and you'll see it and you can log in there. Whether you're on Google or whether you're on Android or whether you're on Apple. You can get in where you fit in. It's absolutely free. We'll see you over there. This is The, Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bottom a bing bad B. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.