
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today From the Ramsey Network.


It's The Ramsey Show, the only live show where we talk about your life and your money with actual callers calling in. George, I'm your host, Jade Warshaw next to me, as I just said, George, as in George Kamel, The no, no last name. I'm like Cher George. The George taking calls about your life and money. Like I said, you can call in at any point the number Triple eight eight two five five two two five. If you call in and you have to leave a message, that's a good thing. It means we'll try to get you on the show at a later date. We're gonna go straight to the phone lines where we have Brenda in Dallas, Texas. Brenda, How can we help today? Hi, I'm calling because in October of last year, my husband And I made the dumb, dumb, dumb decision of taking out a bridge loan to purchase a property.


Okay. And we, it was with the idea that we would sell our previous property and pay off the loan, restructure the loan and everything would be great. But we haven't been able to sell our old property, and the loan is due on June 1st. Ooh. Interest has accrued like nobody's business. Oh Man. What was the interest rate and then what was the amount? So the total, they combined both properties came out to 1.437 at 10.99. So we're looking at 13.99. Yeah. So apparently bridge loans they explained to us are always high interest like this man, they're anywhere between eight and 12.


Man. They even explained it to you and you guys said, sign us up, let's do it. Well, that's how confident we were that we could sell our, our old house. Why isn't it selling? We, you know, we've, that's the million dollar question. We've knocked it, you know, the price down a couple times. Now we are technically under contract, but our buyers cannot seem to lock in a buyer themselves. And they keep telling us the market is just so weird. It's just such a bad time right now. It's a, it's a buyer's market. Dallas, not a seller. Yes. So, but, but shoot straight with like level with this. If you had to say, here's what I really think the problem is, because I, I have a feeling that, you know, you can usually look at a situation and go, even though I don't like this, this is probably what's going on.


What do you think is probably going on? Whether you like it or not? I mean, I think we listed too high. Okay. But then again, we were going off of the comparables, you know, the appraisal report and, And What's, you know, I don't know. I, I, I think the market over here, the people that can afford that price tag, they're looking for way more square footage. So while that house is very nice, 'cause it's remodeled, we poured a lot of money and swim tears into it. It's a two acre property. It's got, you know, that country feel Starbucks five minutes away. Okay. So all the amenities, but I think people are looking for more palatial homes in that area.


Okay. Because we're surrounded by those types of homes. Got It. Got it. And Ours is an original, there's a lot of new development out here. A lot of incentives. So What are new? So you hoping it sells for At this point? I mean, we've, we have it at 9 95. And like I said, we've then with this under contract with a contingency offer for 40 days already. I mean, because they're, they're in the same situation. They're making sure their deal goes through. Right. So that has the exactly potential to have a major domino effect. And I would not say, and George, you know, chime in, just that the fact that it's taking 40 days, I wouldn't necessarily say that, oh my gosh, this thing's not gonna happen.


Because the truth is, yeah, your buyers are now waiting for their contingent, you know what I'm saying? Somebody might have made a contingent offer on their home. So this, this does have some issues. Now, what you could ask is if your realtor can say, Hey, if we go under contract with someone, is there a way to say we're also open to other offers until theirs, and then like, put a stock loss on it. You see what I'm saying? And say, Hey, technically We can, but most of the time people, we, we have had open houses still, but because a lot of people on many of the apps like Redfin and Zillow and whatnot, it's showing us under contract.


It's showing us pending. Right. But you can, they don't Make a deal. You can still market as accepting offers to Exactly. You can make a deal to where it's not like that, to where it still looks like it's open for anybody to make an offer and then ask your realtor to say, okay, now we need to put a stop-loss on this. Like, you have 60 if you, it's, if it's a contingency, you have 60 days or you have 90 days that, and then after 90 days we get to Go to the next offer. That way you are always making sure you have people, you know, priming the pump here and you can make this go faster. The other thing is, have you had the same realtor the whole time? Because I might be thinking about kicking that one to the curb and, and getting the Ramsey Trusted realtor. Well, I actually did contact a RAMSEY realtor not too long ago, and he said at this point, because of your situation, you're better off sticking with the same person because there would be a a, a delay if I switch to a new agent.


What kind of delay? What's that mean? Tell me more. Well, he, he is that pic pictures and the listing itself would take a few weeks for it to get going again. Yeah. You'd have to do new pictures. You can't take the old guy's work. But if you really feel like, I mean, you're the one calling us, right. Saying something's not right. And they are the professional, not you. So they should be getting to the bottom of this a lot faster. Not us. Not you having to call into a radio show for us to tell you what a realtor should have been telling you basically is what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah. And my, my guess is, let's say you guys walk away from this with, I don't know, $900,000 net. Yeah. Or is there still a loan to pay off? There's Yeah, we have to come out of pocket for any difference that may, so You're telling me on June 1st, the entirety of that loan is due.


They gave us till June 4th because that was when escrow was supposed to close. Okay. But they haven't been able to secure buyers. But you don't, How are you gonna come up with that amount of money, even if you sold this house? We have a savings, obviously we would've rather not a hundred. Okay. Can you negotiate an extension with the lender? That would be your best bet right now. Yeah. To attempt that. I mean, I've already asked and nobody seems to get back to me on that. Well, otherwise it's gonna go through foreclosure. Yeah, I'm, because Your house is the collateral here, so that's even scarier.


So I'm wondering if they would work with you and say, Hey, we can give you this much right now. Would you be willing to file an extension buying us another month So we can close Yeah. And explain the Situation, especially knowing that you're under contract, I would think. Yeah. And then put pressure on the buyer to say, Hey, we need to close by this date in the contract no matter what. Well, my, my question is also, is it better to just terminate this contract and go back on the market and heck, even Why would you take the only fish on the line off the line? What I'm telling you do is, is you can open it up and say still accepting offers. So it would say like contingent still accepting offers. You can still get more offers.


Yeah. And if a buyer can close fast, that's your ticket out of this thing. But In 40 days nobody Is offering anything. 40 days have like, well, They won't offer anything if it says it's under contract. Yeah. And you do have an offer. Offer. I know what the description says. Active kickout is what the description on all of those says. The agent added that little piece. Right. But not right. But they need to change it to where it shows as totally open. And that is a po That is 100%. So I have, my husband And I have done that. It's possible to do that. And I also want encourage you that 40 days for the contingent offer, if it's taken them 40 days, let's pretend that your contingent offer saw your house, loved it, made an offer, and then the next day put their house on the market. Right. It's not uncommon.


That's essentially what happened. Exactly. And what I wanna give you hope for is that the average time for a house to be on a market before it sells is 50 days. Okay. So you're at 40, you've got a fish on the line, don't throw it back because it's squirming a little bit. Just, just keep reeling it in and while you reel it in, make sure that your house is showing as available on all the different apps out there so that people know your realtor should know to do this. And if not, you need to be getting all, all up in their grill about this. George, You gotta fight. Fight and claw your way out of this thing. Don't go through foreclosure. No, no more hard money loans.


Hey you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen y'all, there's a better way to take care of healthcare costs. Ch HM program start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Straight to the phone lines. We go. We got Randy in St. Louis, Missouri. Randy, How can we help you out? Kind of going through a really bad time right now. I'm at the beginning stages of a divorce, found out about an affair, and I need to know what to be doing financially right now everything's been split up without me knowing. But another curve ball is about three weeks ago I was diagnosed with terminal cancer. Oh my goodness, Randy. So right now, I just don't know what to be doing right now. You know, on that piece. I know where I'm gonna go if, if this pat happens, but I'm just kind of, everything has just last couple months has just been completely just flipped upside down.


And I need to know what to be. Thankfully, my job is pretty flexible. I can work, make my own schedule. I'm trying to work as much as I can, but some days I just don't feel well enough. Yeah. Don't have, we've gotten, we had gotten about 35, $40,000 of debt paid down, but I still have a little bit And I still have about 10,000 in medical debt. So I just need to know what to be doing right now during this time. Okay. This is a lot. You just found out about this diagnosis how long ago? About three weeks ago. Okay. Have you started treatment or not yet. Or how?


I just, it's it's terminal and I'm about to lose the insurance. So that's another curve ball. So when you say I Do it through my spout, There's, they're not even attempting to treat this, is that what you're saying? I won't have insurance and out of pocket. It's, I can't afford it. And they tried to get me into programs I make too much to get any kind of assistance. So even with treatment, the survival time's about nine months. Oh my goodness. So there it's Are, are you still on your wife's insurance? But you're saying that will end when the divorce goes through That one? Once the divorce goes through, which she's really pushing for, I will no longer be on the insurance.


Okay. Do you have kids? No. Okay. I think that my debt and my bills is the last thing I'm thinking about. If, if I Okay. Found myself in your shoes. I know this is a money show, but Yeah, I think right now, 'cause if, I think what I'm thinking is if, if I do pass And we are iv I don't want my family, like my parents to have to worry about that debt. I think that's, that's what I'm thinking of right now. I don't want Work. Well, they, they won't, if their name's not on it, they're not gonna be liable for your debts. Your estate will pay the debts. So whatever you have that's a value will be sold, sold to pay your debts and whatever doesn't get paid is just a washout Because we don't, because since we've done it, we don't have a lot saved up.


I have a small life insurance policy, but obviously right now my wife's the benefactor and I've been told I can't switch it as long as we're legally married. I don't, that's just what the lawyer told me. Yeah. So I don't know. When you say small, how much is it? 30? It's 250,000 bucks. Oh, two 50. Okay. No, it's Two. It's, it's, it's two 50 And upon divorce you can't switch the beneficiary. I, I can upon divorce, but I don't, it's just, yeah, I'm, I'm, I was kind of wanting to switch it beforehand just in case and have my parents be the benefactor just to make sure that, you know, all that's taken care of and that they're taken care of. But can you, I, I've spoken to two different lawyers.


I've, I seem to be getting like different answers. So I'm just really kind of at the really confused right now. At the very least, I'd wanna speak to somebody about designating some of it just for your last, you know, for burial and funeral and all of that. If you can specify maybe even in your will that of that 250 x amount is even for her to know, that way that executor of the will will make sure that she carries that out. Possibly. That might be a loophole. I'm not a lawyer, So I don't know. Okay. But that could be a way that you could at least make sure those costs are not put upon your parents in that you're taking care of that through that money Because they're Yeah, because they're gonna be going through enough.


I don't want to burden them with anything else. That's right. Is there a way to, thankfully, Thankfully they took, thankfully they, I was actually, I, when I, when this happened, I pretty much was kicked out And I was gonna live in my car, but thankfully they said no way. So I've actually been able to live with them to keep costs down. But, you know, so they've been really, my parents have been great through this. But yeah, it's not something that they, they should have to be doing with this. But, so I'm just kind of, you know, just really overwhelmed by everything that's gone on and just, you know, a little bit, just frustrated that I don't know what to do. Of course, of course you would feel that way. Like, I mean, 100%, this is a lot.


This is a curve. This is a huge curve ball. And it's, it's, yeah, I don't have to tell you, but yeah, to, It's rough on the, I mean, 'cause I'm only, I'm only 37 years old, so it's like, you know, I'm not, I'm not an old man, so it's like, yeah, I'm trying to think through some Creative Things you Can do here. So I I'm not, could you do a legal separation and that way you could stay on the insurance for the time being. She Doesn't wanna do that. She wants, she wants, she wants the divorce, she doesn't wanna do legal separation, anything like that. She wants a, a divorce. Does she know about your, your health? Yes. And she just doesn't care Pretty much.


Okay. Which, how long have you guys been married? 16 years. Okay. So my guess is in your state, I don't know the laws, you'll need to look into that, but there's probably gonna be an equitable distribution of the assets and the liabilities. So likely you guys would just split the debts. And so if that's the case, what is the total debt you guys will have? Pretty much, she's debt free. Like I said, I've got about 1500 on a credit card and about 9,700 in medical. 'cause I've, I've had a lot of medical issues the last couple years, so it's that, but pretty much outside of that, like I don't have a car payment.


What about a Mortgage? So, no, we, we didn't have a mortgage. Yeah. So we were renting. Okay. So there's nothing to split. Nothing to sell, you've already moved out? No. Yeah, I'm, I'm at my, at my parents' house and she's already gotten her own, her own place. Okay. Yeah. Randy, if I'm mu so she's Wanting, If I'm mu so She's wanting to Go ahead. I'm sorry, but she, yeah, I think she's wanting to split this so she can pursue with the other person that she's been with. Yeah. So that's why she's wanting to get this done so she can marry this other guy. So yeah, I'm guessing it's gonna be impossible for you to find health insurance with this condition now.


Yeah, it's pre-existing. I've looked and the, the only place that would cover me the, the premium was like $1,800 a month. And I, I I, I just can't afford that. And that's the only place I even would take a chance on me. But I mean, unfortunately what I have is I have a, a glioblastoma, which is pretty much, it's not the worst you can get as far as brain cancer. Yeah, yeah. And even, even if they could do surgery, it's, it's pretty much, it's pretty much a terminal diagnosis and they say without treatment maybe four to six months. But even with treatment, it's not a lot of people even last a year.


So unfortunately as this progresses, I, I won't even be able to work anymore. Yeah, because, because, you know, it's gonna affect my motor skills and everything, so it's, yeah Man, dude, I am, good luck. I'm praying for you now and I'm gonna keep praying for you. I don't think the Lord is gonna let you outta my spirit anytime soon. So just know, man, our thoughts and prayers are with you. This is a tough, tough thing to go through. I admire you for trying to get the financial things in order so that your family is not feeling the burden of it. And you know, but I would say at this point, man, go, go enjoy life. Go live to the fullest, make sure that you're around your loved ones and don't spend your days fighting this.


Don't spend your la like fight the cancer, but don't fight people. You know what I'm saying? Like, this is not the time you wanna spend tangled up in a divorce war over assets and all these things. Let her go on and be with old boy and you just enjoy your time on this earth. Yeah. And if you, if you do rack up any, any more debt, what's gonna happen is your parents would get a bunch of death certificates and they would give it to all of your creditors and lenders and they would just wipe the debts. And so I'm not as concerned with you, like racking up a bunch of medical debt and your parents having to cover it. They're gonna give 'em the certificate and they eat the cost of that and write it off. And so I'm, again, I'm with Jade on this one.


You can do all the things you can to protect your finances. But right now, man, I mean you've got a timeline and you gotta live. And So I wouldn't go into crippling debt for fun. No. But I also wouldn't try to like, just grind my way out of this $1,500 in credit card debt in the meantime. Yeah, you got a lot going on. I would just take care of Randy right Now. Do things. Yeah. So sorry.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work. If you become a victim, it's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


You are listening to The Ramsey Show.


Let's do that RAMSEY show question of the day. It's sponsored by Why Refi? Hey, if you're buried in defaulted private student loans, just remember you're not alone. Reach out to Why Refi to see if they can build a custom plan to help you dig out. Visit Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY today. That's YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Lucas in Missouri. What is one of the biggest financial mistakes you've made? How did you feel in the moment and how did you work through it to recover? Oh dang, Lucas turned it on us. It's getting, it's getting Morey povich sh in here. The dark curiosity from Lucas. Yeah. We, you know, people see us at this desk, Jade in the studio and they go, wow, these people have never made a mistake in their life, but we have made mistakes with the zeros on the end, as Dave would say, Man, I know that's right. I, i, I feel when the callers call in, usually I'm like, yep, done that. Like it's Been there, paid the stupid tax. So now, biggest financial mistake I've made, I'll go, I'll go first.


I was underinsured. I was on my dad's insurance when I first started here at RAMSEY for car insurance. Okay. And I got into a little wreck right outside the office and the lady was fine. Lemme make that very clear, but you had the cops rolling up the fire trucks, the ambulance, and now every employee at RAMSEY is looking out the window. Oh man. Seeing me sitting on a curb like, oh my gosh, a Walk of shame. Curb of shame. I thought that was the end of it. I thought, All Right, this is why you have car insurance. They're gonna fix her door. A few months later I got served a lawsuit at my doorstep of my house. Oh, thank God it was at home and not at work. Yeah. That would've been way more awkward. And she, this lady was suing me and my dad for $375,000.


Holy Moly. Which, you know, 23-year-old George didn't have close to that. He had like $3. Yeah. Yeah. And so it turns out we were underinsured. She was suing our insurance company, her insurance company. And long story short, she was an ambulance chaser and ended up walking away with 50 grand from the insurance companies. You didn't Pay It hit our limit. Oh man. But they didn't go above that. But if they had gone above the limit, I would've been on the hook. My dad would've been on the hook. Yeah. For however much she could have gotten from this lawsuit. I mean, you're okay, So you, you're The, and it took years, by the way, to settle this. So that's looming in my life, living rent free in my head. And I was so stressed out about this that it was going to decimate not only my life, but my father's. Yes. Because I was on his insurance.


And so that very next day we upped the insurance. Is this why you have a heart for insurance to this day? Yes. This is why I'm such an insurance nerd, because not having it can wreck all the wealth you're trying to build. 100 can be undone. Get 100%. Oh man. So that's the big one on top of, you know, going into student loan debt and credit card debt. Sure. All the normal fun stuff that you do. Listen, George, those are the stories that the people are here for. I've never heard that before. I get Heart palpitations just reliving that. Oh, well, I bet. Okay. Speaking of heart palpitations. I'll tell you mine. So I, I thought about this and you guys already know, like Mo if you've been listening, you know, I had full scholarships And I still took out student loans just to live on that. That's probably my dumbest like financial mistake as far as like debt products and things like that.


But really I was thinking about this 'cause I saw the question of the day during the break, and this is probably the dumbest thing I've ever done financially, like long term. Well, you know, George, Sam And I used to work on cruise ships and week every week we'd fly somewhere different abroad. Not throughout the United States, like abroad. Like you Go to China and then you Go to Japan and then you Go to Sri Lanka and then you Go to Alaska. Right. You're always going. But we were broke and I'm talking about broke, broke. You guys know we had the debt And we would go, we would go fly literally with like dollars, like $10 in our account, like dollars. And like, we'd be in the, in the airport like splitting a, a pretzel, like broke, broke.


But we were out making money So we could pay off this debt. And we just got, I think you just, you can get used to anything. So I just think we were used to not having, living On the edge live. Yes. Living On the edge and living on a prayer it sounds like, Basically. And so one time we'd gone to Argentina and it was our first time And we didn't know. So certain countries, when you, when you come in and then exit, you have to pay a fee that's called a reciprocity fee. And that feels like a scam. Every, every country's different. And the fee was $25 per person. When I tell you we didn't have it, I'm telling you we didn't have it. And we were like standing there looking at each other like, do you have it? 'cause I don't have it. Like we were about to spend a night in Argentina, luckily.


Ah, how'd you get outta that? Yeah. This is so desperate. I'm just smacked that. I'm telling You. Are you pan handling for 50 bucks to get to? No, it was one of those points where it's like, okay, I've got like $18 on this card, you can try to run it And I hope it'll go through. I'm okay if it ends up on a overdraft. Just just try it. Get me out of this country. Do Do you know, it went through And I, I shout like I praised the Lord so hard because man, it was just one of the, and yeah, we got hit with the over draw, all that stuff. But that was one of those aha moments that I was like, oh God, like we're broke And we almost ended up like locked up abroad. That would've been a much more wild story. Well Let, lemme tell you about, you've been A Argentinian citizen right Now.


Let me tell you. You about being an Insta. Insta Istanbul. Gosh, I can't talk Istanbul at gunpoint. I'll tell you that story one time. Wow. That has nothing to do with money. That's, I think we need an after show rainy after dark for that. You got kids listening. I know, Man. Oh, that's scary. So we've all done dumb stuff, whether it's like a one moment kind of thing or like an insurance thing or just long term just living on the edge like we talked about. So you're not alone. Yeah. Just don't make the same mistake twice. And if you can avoid it. That's right. Because now when I Go to Argentina, I got deeper pockets. Yeah, you, you come back a different woman. You're getting the argentian steak now that okay. All you can Eat. I know. That's right. Gimme the plant-based variety. Let's Go to the phone lines. We got Annie, who's in Mobile, Alabama.


Annie, How can we help today? Hi. Hi. Hi. Thank you so much for taking my call guys. You bet. So my husband And I have 40 years of life invested with one another, but our interests are starting to diverge on how we imagine our retirement. We live in the south, as you said, mobile and summers are cruel and they're brutal. My view is that I'd like to relocate to a more moderate climate where there's more senior activities, but this requires us to sell our home and more than likely move to a much, much higher cost of living. The problem, which is not really a problem, is that we have eight in our family. We have four dogs and three cats and a husband.


So I can't move. Which one do you like the most outta those? I just pick one and move. Oh, I'd like to do that, but I'll tell you what, that's my husband's favorite too. So. So you guys have to take the petting zoo with you wherever you go? We do. And so a town home in a condo is out of the question. My, my dear husband now, he wants to stay, he wants to age in place. We have a nice home and he wants to travel maybe the three months out of the year, go and find a nice Airbnb. Okay. Airbnb. My concern is how viable each of these will be with our finances. What's your next egg? I can, pardon me. Our nest egg is, So we have about 800,000 in investments.


We have a military pension of 6,300 per month. We have a VA amount that comes into 2,400 a month. We have a government pension that comes in at 700 a month. Wow. And without taking our social security, if we wait until we're 67 7, we'll have about four to 5,000 per month adding on top of that. That's great. So right now you almost have 10 grand coming in guaranteed income. Yeah, We're a little bit like 11 or 12. Yeah. Wonderful. And So you don't need to touch the investments. No, but we're not, we're not yet retired. So my husband is still working and so he's bringing money in that we're setting aside three K every month, month on top of that. How old are you?


And I'm 61. How Old, how, how long does he plan to work until you guys choose one of these retirement paths? Work is fulfilling for him. So we're thinking 67. Oh wow. And do you think that, okay, regardless of which way you go, are you okay with waiting till 67 to start living that life? Or do you guys wanna start living that life simultaneously? What does that mean? What it means for me is that he's more of a homebody and I'm okay if I can take off maybe a month of the summer and maybe go do a little traveling on your own. That's okay.


Until we're yes on my own. Okay. I'm used to that. He's not, he was a fly boy at one time and he's traveled all over the place and so he's not necessarily interested in doing too much traveling. Yeah. I think he wants to find a place and just chill out. Yeah, absolutely. I think that we do Have a little bit, we do have a little bit of a debt. I have zero debt in the sense. Oh the only the debt I have is mortgage. Okay. And our mortgage, How much do You know is about 200 and Well, I, I owe about 225,000. Okay. For The, the house values For the clock. Annie, let me get you at this. So the most important thing that I'd be looking at is getting that house paid off before you guys retire. That's gonna give you the freedom to choose one of these paths.


The idea of moving somewhere more expensive where you might have to take on a bigger mortgage. I don't like that idea. I want you to be mortgage free. So whatever you do, make sure it's debt free.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order? Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend DeleteMe. They help with that. Yeah, They do. DeleteMe actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spams to find so much. But Delete me Will delete your data. Hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you So you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. So detailed and it's beautiful. Get this, so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and save me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston And I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just Go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out. You guys.


Graduation doesn't come with a GPS, I wish it did, but a lot of students are walking into the real world with no clue on what direction they should actually go. So the get Clear career assessment is part of the Find the work, you're wired to do Student edition, and it's here, it's here for you. It will help your student get clarity and build a real plan that they can be confident in. Whether it's choosing a major, choosing a trade, or getting their first job. The good news is it's only 34 99. And this assessment will help them identify their strengths while the book part of it will help them understand the results and figure out what's next. So again, the get clear assessment, the career part is the career assessment and then find the work you're wired to do is the book part.


Okay. And this is really, really, really great. You can get a copy today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're watching on YouTube or podcast, you could click the link in the description to help you so that you can get started. George, I wish I had that when I was, I would've a young gun would, I wouldn't have floundered as much. Yeah. Just sort of soul searching and wasting years at college hoping I'd figure it out once you graduate. Yeah. And that could have saved me some heartache. 'cause I take, I took the get clearer career assessment. Yeah. And it's spot on. It's like everything I'm doing now, but it took me a decade to figure out. I know. So I could have fast tracked that. Who knows where I'd be now. Jade, I knew people who went to school just to buy themselves time To go on their eat, pray, love journey.


Yes. At the tune of $200,000. Man. Oh man, they sure did For an art history degree. Oh, All Right. Hopefully Seth didn't do that. Seth from Coeur d'Alene, is that right, Idaho? That sounds right. All Right, let's go with Coeur d'Alene. Did I say it right, Seth? Yeah. Coeur d'Alene Idaho. Alright. Yes. All Right. Social studies for the win. How can we help today? So I am about to get married and I'm trying to get my financials in in situated before going in there. I have about $31,000 in debt. She knows about that. It's from trying to start a, a business didn't quite work out. But anyways, I'm, I, I've done the financial piece course And I'm on step two trying to get the debt paid off.


And I was looking at some debt consolidation programs where you stop paying your credit cards and you start paying into this program and then they negotiate for you. And it sounds really good because they, you know, they're, they're saying less interest and less like total dollar amount. But I'm, I just, I'm trying to wrap my head around it. It sounds I'm not too good to be true fishy. Yeah, yeah. No, you are spot on my man. Did you, were you just Googling, like how did you even find this? Or did they find you with a targeted ad? I think it was a combination of Google and, you know, Facebook popping up some message or something, but yeah.


Okay. Yeah, you're, you're spot on. So what they do is they don't eliminate your debt, they just delay it, they restructure it. There's upfront fees, there's ongoing monthly fees, a percentage of the debt reduced, and then exactly what they'll tell you, Hey, stop paying your payments, let it go into default. Let your creditors come after you, and then later on down the road, hopefully, maybe we can settle for less and get you out of this mess and we'll do it for you. Hey, relax, relief is on the way. Relief is in the name. It sounds amazing, right? Yeah. But here's the problem. Creditors might refuse to negotiate. It tanks your financial world. So if you Go to rent a place or do anything financially, your credit score is shot. Your debt settlement offers might get rejected.


They could come after you and sue you. So this is not a fun ride. And you can do all this yourself by just paying off your debts and negotiating the debts if they are in collections on your own. I gotcha. Okay. So you don't need someone else then you don't need to pay them to do it. You need the debt snowball method that's gonna walk you through how to do all of this. So hang on the line. I'm gonna send you Financial Peace University, watch all nine lessons along with your, your lady and get this stuff dialed in and say, Hey, I know I've screwed up. I've made some mistakes, I want to clean it up. Would you go on this journey with me? And I think it's gonna help both of you get set up for success. 100%. Hey, thanks for the call. We've got Alicia, she's in Augusta, Georgia. Alicia, How can we help today?


Hey George. Hey Jade. So excited to be talking to you guys both. Yeah, glad You're here. So my question is, if I should continue renting out one of my homes in San Antonio, Texas for another year per My realtor doesn advice, or if I should sell it, I have three homes currently that I have no business owning. I found The Ramsey Show, unfortunately a little bit too late. So I'm active duty military And I bought my first home in 2020 in San Antonio when I was stationed there. And I currently have renters in that house and they pay about seven, or sorry, $2,050 a month.


And my mortgage is 1700 on that. And then I have the second home that I bought because my husband And I were expanding our family And we decided to get a second home. And I owe, we purchased it for 375,000 in 2023. And we owe 348,000 on that one. Where is it? Our mortgage is, it's also in San Antonio. Okay. Our mortgage is 32 50. We got a very high interest rate in the rent. We tried to sell it last year because we got notified of A PCS. Unfortunately, I was three months postpartum and the military ended up moving me unexpectedly to Georgia.


Okay. So we tried to sell it And we weren't able to get any buyers. And so our realtor said, let's just go ahead and put it up for rent. The highest we were able to get was 2,600. Okay. So although we're making about $350 off of the first house, we're losing about $600 on the other house. And her advice is that we continue renting it for another year because, Well, of course it's her. This is not her money. We're only able get Right. Listen, she said I, it doesn't matter what she said, it's, it's, she's not the one who has to sleep in your bed at night. Right. It's really easy for other people to tell you to keep burdens that are not their own.


Right. I mean, that's essentially the problem is what's the problem? Her market analysis is, she says that we're only gonna be able to sell it currently for about 330,000, even though we purchased it for 3 75. So my husband And I decided we wanted to try and sell it, And we are aware that we would probably have to come to the table with $40,000 Yeah. Out of pocket. But she seems to think if we hold on it for another year, let the market go up Or that speculation more money. I love that. I speculation love just the optimism. Let the market go up until Trump burps and decides to do a tariff and then undo a tariff.


And then the housing market's back down. The fed's not moving rates. I mean, we all thought that a year ago. Yeah. I mean, what will you make if the, the first property that that's plus three 50, what's that one worth? If you were to sell it today, what would you pocket? So we have about $71,000 in equity in that. Okay. We do plan on selling it next year. We, we renewed the lease with the current tenant. So, Okay. And you keep That's for one year. For another year. Okay. Yeah. So for that reason alone, that's the only reason that you might push this a year is because you don't wanna break the lease. But the, the, the math there is pretty simple. You sell that one, you take the money, and if the other one is still upside down, you clear the balance with that, the money from the previous sale, and then whatever is left you, you put it on to whatever baby step you're on.


Right, Right. That's exactly what we were wanting to do. But I just, I just wanted to hear it from you guys. I guess. So do you think it's a good idea to go ahead and move forward with the sale of the home that we're upside down on and just come to the table? But do you have 40,000? We do. We have cover. How much do you have total? That's liquid. So we have about 50,000 in a high yield savings and about 24,000 in our checking account at any given time, because we have three mortgages that get every month. So we try to keep a decent amount in there. Is any of that your three to six?


Like what, what of that is what tagged as an emergency fund? The high yield savings is where we would deem our emergency fund. Okay. Yeah. 50. I 100% liquidate that because you're, I would 100% that do that because in many ways you're in baby step two. Right. We're clearing out this debt and my guess is you probably have other debt laying around as well. We don't. So we don't. So I paid off my car at once I started listening to the show, I immediately paid off my car. My husband is retired from the military and his truck, his $60,000 truck was just sitting in our driveway. So we sold that good and bought a little $8,000 car for him to cruise around town in.


So we have no credit card debt and no, no other consumer debt. Listen, just The houses, you're on the right track. I think what George uncovered is great. You've got the money sitting there. Sell that second house today, and as soon as you can sell the other San Antonio house so that you're not long distance landlords Simplify your life. Yes. That's the key.


Hey, technology has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Now the hot topic is ai And I understand that it might seem intimidating, but if you use AI the right way, it's just another tool to help you work smarter and faster. Like a calculator or a cordless drill. So if you run a business, you better get on board with it before you get left behind. And NetSuite by Oracle offers AI powered tools that help small businesses improve efficiency and make smarter decisions by bringing all their major business processes into one platform. That way there's one source of truth for the real time data you need to take advantage of opportunities then you can forecast better, scale more efficiently and streamline those manual tasks that take too long. So join the more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions that rely on NetSuite to help tackle some of their biggest challenges. And right now you can download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Thanks For hanging out out with us here on The Ramsey Show. On the Ramsey Network. This is a live show about your life and your money. You get to call in, you get to be the subject of discussion. We won't make fun of you. You might feel a little bad sometimes afterwards, but I promise you you'll leave with the Next Steps. We just want to tell you the truth. And sometimes the truth, it hurts. It hurts before it will set you free. No, a little sting there. But if you wanna get involved, you can call in. The number is (888) 825-5225. And we will get you on the line if you didn't know. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is George Kamel. Let's get it started. Jeff in Columbia, South Carolina is on the line. Hey Jeff.


Oh, hey, I have a, a problem. I can't get rid of my Fidelity rewards credit card. And basically what it does is it takes 2% of all my purchases and put it puts in my brokerage account. Okay. And I cannot cut that thing up with all the reward points I get. How, how much did you get? 400,000? Where are you at? Well, Actually, well, well I run it through all my business expenses. So I have two, I basically have one for my personal and business, but I mean, I do, I mean I have about on average a little bit more, a little bit less a million chargers a year. So I get about 20, 22,000 a year free.


Okay. 2% back. And then that goes into the brokerage account and you know, I buy index funds, you know, ETFs and that. I mean, and I've been doing it for 20 years. The the first one I got that card is 1% and now they jumped up 2% and it's just, Why do you want to cut it up? Well, I, I don't, I mean, I follow everything that, that, you know, Dave Ramsey steps, you know, has about no debt. I don't have any debt. Good. You know, And I just can't. So I know you guys don't typically recommend having credit cards, but I can't give that one up.


This, this will be the only call you ever call it that, that will say he got the best of the credit card companies. Is there a debit card that could do the same thing? Have you looked into it? I have, but I've just gotten, fell in love with that one Fidelity reward card and it goes straight to the brokerage account. I, I don't want airlines, I don't want cash back. I want it to grow and, you know, And I And what do you make a year? Well, after I pay the, the alimony child support depends on year to year, about one 50 to one 60. Okay. And where, what's your net worth? Probably 3.2, 3.1 million. Way to go.


So, Yeah. And no debt to speak of? No mortgage or anything? Nope. Nope. I just try to pay everything in cash. I mean, but, And you run, you said you run a million dollars worth of expenses through your business? Through my company, yes. Wow. What kind of business are you running? It's, I design and sell drive on docks for jet skis and boats. And I, I have been those in the last few years. I get a lot of pushback from my vendors about the credit card. But, but I, you know, I'll say, Hey, hit me up with the, I try and negotiate, a lot of times they'll gimme 2% back if I pay em 10. So if I have a 3% credit card, if they charge me 3%, if I pay em 10 with the credit card, they give 2%, you know, back.


So basically I'm paying 1%. But the best thing about those reward cards is that they're not really taxed. I mean, the money you get from 'em. Yeah. Not now what, you know. So it's, it is tax free, but I mean, again, if I, you know, the net worth I have, I'm pretty, I I'm more of a saver than spender. So it's just, it's more habit than anything else. Yeah. You know, if I go on cruise, of course I'm gonna get the cheapest room or I, I, I never fly first class. I mean, I'm still driving a, a 10-year-old SUV and you know, even my kids, they're older now, so they have, you know, you need to get a new car. It's like, no, why it still runs, you know? Well, that's how you build your wealth.


That, and that's what I want to encourage you with, is you have been able to do this not with the help of the credit card companies. You have done it with your own sheer discipline and willpower. And the rewards are nice, but they have not made, or, you know, destroyed your wealth. And I don't think the way you're living, it's probably not gonna hurt you that much in the future. So there's a lot of angles with the, the credit card, you know, argument. And the latest one that is very compelling for people like you is to understand where these rewards are actually coming from. Have you looked into that? Well, where they're coming from, from my, basically from, I mean, honestly, all from my business per No, I'm saying the, the $20,000 the credit card company gives you what's funding you, what is funding that.


And there was a recent fed study that found there's an annual redistribution of $15 billion from less to more educated, poorer to richer, yeah. From high to low minority areas. And all of that is due to the fact that essentially broke, people are subsidizing your rewards. And this is not a moral high horse. Like I don't think you're a bad person if you get rewards, but I'm saying if you're looking for a reason to cut 'em up beyond, well, I think I'm winning, why shouldn't I keep doing this? It's just a predatory gross system and industry. And it's not one that I personally want to take advantage of even if I wanted to. And could I understand. I completely understand.


So, but are you gonna be the target problem calling in saying, Hey, I'm a $40,000 in credit card debt. No. And I'm excited about my, my rewards. I just think you could be more successful, at least as successful without the credit card. So here's a good test. Don't use the cards for 30 days and see if it changes your personal spending. See if it changes the way you run your business. Ah, it and if it doesn't change anything, you do you. That's how I feel personally, but Yeah. You know, I mean, I mean, the thought is there are, I know there are debit cards that'll give you cash back. He'd have to be, instead of, you know, floating that cash flow, he'd have to pay the cash flow up front. But, and then he, I don't know if they linked directly to his investments, he might have to then take the money and invest it, but it Just sounds like he's doing anyways.


Yeah. But, but I mean the, the, this is the outlier where it's like, okay, he's running a business, running a million dollars of expenses. It's a different situation. Yeah. There's, there's a lot more cash to be had. ISI suppose, but Even then, boy, there's not a a single credit card that is being used to run this company. Yeah. And so RAMSEY is running a whole lot more than a million dollars of expenses. And we are not, you know, tempted by the allure of a 2% rewards card. I I don't own a credit card. I cut mine up back in 2013, and I'm telling you something mentally switched in me. Yeah. To where, where I was excited about my discover cash back and my American Express, you know, Delta sky miles. It changed the way I was thinking and it changed where I was headed.


And so my goals were no longer, let me see how much rewards I can get. It was, what am I doing to take control of my money, to build my own wealth, to create my own rewards through budgeting and spending more wisely. Yeah. And because of that, my investing rate and savings rate increased my spending Oh yeah. Decreased. Yeah. Yes. And so people don't think about how much more they could make than that 2% just by getting on a budget and could, could you cut 2% of your spending this month if you realize I only using my own money energy? Absolutely. Because we found that when you use a credit card, you're gonna spend upwards of 12% more, 20% more, a hundred percent more than the person next to you using cash or a debit card. That's right. Especially depending on the purchase things.


Like, like I've, I've seen the studies where going through the drive-through, like the percentage more that you spend Yes. Or buying concert tickets or, you know, and those are the things that we tend to put on credit cards. Right. It's like, oh, it, you know, Taylor's Beyonce's in town, you know, she's only gonna do, you know, cowboy Carter one time. So I'm just gonna, you know, go ham. And then you end up spending way more. You get tickets that otherwise you would never have considered getting, but because it's on the plastic, you're like, Hey, let me on, let me on. On the floor seats. Here's the the TLDR. When it hurts less, it costs more. That's psychology. That's human nature. You can thank the fall of man for that, but that's how it goes. And so the more friction you add to your spending, the better off you're gonna be.


The more frictionless it is, use other people's money and you pay it back later. You're going to make very different decisions. I'm gonna need you to break down TLDR. Too long didn't read. That's my version of Spark Notes. Okay. I can't believe I taught Jade Warshaw something. That's pretty cool.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. More and more people are becoming aware of the need for mental and emotional health resources, but so many of those same people still say they avoid getting therapy due to the fear of judgment. I know 'cause I've personally been there and I've sat with tons of hurting people over the years and a lot of them are scared to get help. Listen, when people won't get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts their families, their workplaces, and their entire communities. The world is better when people are healthy and whole. The world is better when you are healthy and whole. So if you're thinking about trying therapy, let's go through that fear of judgment and contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule. BetterHelp has a network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And BetterHelp has over 10 years experience matching people with just the right therapist. So to get started, just fill out a short online survey and they'll match you up with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time. And switching is easy and it costs no extra money. Listen, we're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Buying and selling a home is a big deal and you want an expert in your corner fighting for you to get the right deal at the right price. That's why we only recommend Ramsey Trusted real estate agents. They're handpicked pros who know their stuff. Listen to your needs and have your back from the first call all the way to closing day. To find a Ramsey Trusted agent near you, visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


All Right, George, it's time to chop it up a little bit. Let's do This because people wanna know, they wanna know the raw and the real. Am I doing All Right? Where do, where should I be for my age? Is what people want to know. Like, am I doing okay financially they need other people? How Kind Measuring stick? Yeah. How are other people my age doing, where do I fall in line? And I make these videos for my YouTube channel, the George Kamel YouTube channel and they're the top videos. People want to know what is the average net worth by age. That's a big one. So I thought we can cover the high level here so that people listening can just figure out where they stand. We Wanna compare ourselves. Yes. And let's make it clear. Your net worth is not your self worth. If you are below this, you're above this, you're not worse or better than anyone.


Okay. You're still a fallen human being and we still love you, but it's good to just go, where is it? How we doing America? Yeah. Okay. That's what we're gonna call this segment. How We doing America? How are you doing? And it's gonna get dark real quick as you'll see. Oh boy. So net worth by age. We're gonna start for the folks in their twenties. Okay. The average net worth $113,000, which is impressive. Well can wait, can I roll it back? Before we do this, let me roll it back. Can you explain net worth? Explain net worth first. Good. So folks know what we're, Your net worth is your assets minus your liability. So everything you own minus everything you owe. And that's cars, homes. Yes. All of it. Weddings. So for someone in their twenties to have an average net worth of 113 grand is impressive.


Yeah, it is. Because we're talking and that means you have probably paid off your debt. You've got equity in a home. Now we gotta talk about average versus median. Yes. This is where it's important. Average, please Talk About it. Average is skewed because you have the crazy high highs and crazy low lows. So this average number is skewed by people who are crazy high, maybe some trust fund babies. Now we're gonna move to the median. So we go from 113 grand to the median net worth for folks in their twenties. $7,600. That's more like it. That's more accurate That that feels right. Because this is like I, I maybe avoided debt or I was, had time to pay whatever debt I had off and now I just have my, my old car And I just started contributing to a 401k.


So median is a more accurate measure because it's simply the number in the middle of the list from the smallest of the biggest number. So that's the number two. If you're going to try to use the measuring stick, that's sort of the suck bar. Yeah. Median. I would say the average net worth. That's more like, okay, that's a, a healthier number to look at. Yeah. But the median net worth, just go from above that I'm doing. Okay. So the goal to aim for, you Said the suck bar. The suck bar. These people, that's what we call it okay's. Be honest. 7,600 bucks. I I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm With you. I mean, we can do better than that as you exit your twenties. I thought there would be some negatives on here. I'm surprised I didn't see any like minus signs before. Well That's the truth. When you think about the median being 7,600, it's not that far from being in the negative.


Yeah. So a goal to aim for in your twenties, I'm just gonna throw out kind of a BHA bhag. A big hairy, audacious goal. 200 to two 50 is like you get an A plus. Wow. From George for long-term wealth. That is, that is a, that is an a plus. So good goals in your twenties, get outta that consumer debt. And if you can get into a home, great. But usually that's gonna happen for people as they enter their thirties in today's world with how expensive homes are. George, I'm concerned with where this is going. I'm afraid people are gonna be in a deep dark pit when this is So far. I know, I know. I'm here to just, I'm just spitting facts. Okay. Keep going. Facts. I didn't come up with this research. This is just reality. Just smile when you say it. Yeah. In your thirties, average net worth 317 grand media net worth 35 grand.


Got you. Okay. So that's 30 to 39. I think that's good. You know, life's picking up speed. You probably have maybe some, your married kids a mortgage by this point and you're 30 to 39, but your income is usually higher. True. And So you saving and investing should become priorities. And if you still have lingering debt, you gotta get serious because you still have compound growth on your side when you're this young. That's true. You've got another 30 plus years of a working career to invest. And that's the hope. Take advantage of that. So an an a plus goal for, from my book, four to 500 grand by the time you exit your thirties, that's a pretty decent net worth. Think about that. It's, it's, you know, yes. You've been investing in your 401k for a period of time. You've got some home equity now you paid off the debt.


This is if you're following the baby steps to a T and And you're 39, not 30. Exactly. There you go. Now in your forties, average net worth 791 grand. Okay. Okay. Okay. Median net worth 125 grand. Got you. So this is an interesting one. That's A big Gap we found in our millionaire study where we study 10,000 millionaires. The average age was 49 years old. So this isn't far off. Okay. The average net worth 7 91 in your forties. So to have a million dollar net worth by age 50, I think personally that's a good goal to reach for. That's right. Because that tells me you're right there in that millionaire study data now in your fifties is climbs up to average net worth of 1.4 million in a median net worth of 2 88.


So 288,000 is the median there. Okay. Which again, that scares me. 'cause if you're heading into retirement and your net worth entirety, home equity investments, everything is a quarter million. We got some catching up to do. You gotta Catch up. Yes. This tells me you can, but you just don't have, you won't have as much money as you would've had, but you could still have enough. Yes, you can Still retire with dignity, but you're gonna have to work longer than you want to. Yes, that's right. You're not living a super comfy retirement life. You're correct. So target net worth in my book, by your fifties, if you had a million by forties, I would say let's start climbing up closer to two. So 1.75 Yeah. To 2 million total net worth. Not just investments, but everything. Home equity, investments, cars, all that.


By the time you're 59, I would say you're gonna do just fine. And then finally we get to the sixties average net worth, 1.7 million, median net worth 439,000. And this is where people are hoping to retire. Yes. To be able to, now they might work because they want to. Yeah. But I don't want you to have to work 'cause you have to. That's a very different place to be. And so median net worth of 400 grand scares me in In your sixties. 100%. Yeah. In today's world. Yes. That Tells me you have put everything else in your life first and you've not put on your own mask Or you thought social security was gonna Get you. Ooh, that's a scary one. Or even signing up for parent plus loans and trying to pay off your kids' debts. Your own debts, keeping up a lifestyle you couldn't afford investing into those retirement accounts.


And so a good action step in your sixties as you head into retirement, get the house paid off. Make sure that your investments are strong enough to last you another 20, 30 plus years. Yeah. And so how do you improve your net worth at any age? It's simple. If your net worth is assets minus liabilities, let's get rid of the liabilities column. Get rid of your consumer debt, which that increase your net worth. Next, get into a home when you can financially afford it. When in the right Time. Forced savings. Yes. That's a forced savings plan the home will appreciate in value over time. And we found that 68% of millionaires have a paid for house. And that's a wealth building machine as part of your net worth. It Really is. And then your primary home doesn't produce income.


And So you need income outside of that. And that's where the investments come into play. So aim to invest 15% of your monthly income. And if the earlier you start, the more compound interest has time to build. And here's what we found in the retirement accounts, 80 to 90% is all contra is all growth. Yeah, That's right. Only 10 to 20% is what you put In. That's Right. So when we say, well Jade, you could have a million dollars, we're not telling you to try to save a million dollars. We're telling you if you save 200,000 over the next 30 years, it will grow to a million. People don't understand the growth, the power of compound growth. Yeah. Which is why you really did say it like in your thirties, there's, if you're in your thirties now, there's so much time to take advantage of this. Like now is not the time to like kick the can down the road.


Really get serious because that time is really gonna be your best friend when it comes to compound growth. And let me just, let me talk to the people. 'cause some people heard this and it just, they're deflated. Yeah man, they're, I popped their balloon. They're a sad sack right now. And because it does, you're like, man, why? Why did you have to compare me to the O, these other folks who are doing so much, but oh a word George on com comparison. Because I do think that there's like comparison in a bad way. And I think there's comparison in a good way. And the way that I like to think of it, George, is be curious, not critical, right? Like this is not a time for you to be like so critical on yourself that you feel bad, but be very curious about how these people that George is talking about have achieved this.


And so it really is about, instead of being like, well it must be nice, you know that, I mean, that is how we all Say that explains most of the comment section on the internet. Yeah. Let's be, let's be curious, let's be inquisitive and let's ask the right questions. Because the truth is, if they did it, you can do it. It's just, how did they do it? We're probably going about it the wrong way. So for me, when I saw like I am in my twenties and thirties with a negative net worth, 'cause at least none of these are negative. I'm like, okay, let me look at someone who's doing this and ask the right questions. Enter Ramsey Solutions. How do I pay off my debt? How do I get in a position where I can build a thousand dollars of savings? How do I become a person who makes good habits and follows their budgets?


How did you build that business? How did you, you know what I'm saying? So start looking at the people in your life who might be hitting the arrows on some of these medians and average net worths and start asking them the right questions and listening to the show. That's right. And folks like George Kamel is a great place to start. Yeah. I went from negative net worth to millionaire in 10 years. So don't underestimate how much you can accomplish. That's right. Over a long period of time.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows about student loan debt, it's me. My husband And I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out. And you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for auto pay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from your student loan debt. If you want it gone, you can't mess around. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


Hey, what's up Dr. John Delony here. The new dates have dropped for the money and marriage getaway over Valentine's Day weekend in 2026. This is your chance to hit pause on everything in your life and reconnect with your spouse over a long weekend in Nashville, Tennessee. Me and my friend Rachel Cruz will be digging into topics like sex, money, communication, and more. This weekend is happening on February 12th through the 14th and early bird prices start at $749 per couple, but the prices will be going up soon. Get your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering where the heck's your money's going, your first step is to get on a budget. Fam, our team is hosting a free budgeting training this month. You'll learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget using my favorite budget of all time. The only budget I ever use, EveryDollar Plus, you can get the biggest budgeting questions answered. It's in a live q and a format. So it's you asking the question and hearing back in real time. The spots are limited though, so if you wanna sign up, you can do that for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. Get involved.


Let's Go to Cassie in San Diego, California. Hi Cassie. Hi. My question. Thank you for taking my call. My question is, how do I settle a repo? Okay, tell us, tell us the backstory. So my car, in reality, it got me, and I'll be honest, it got me into this position because I had a gambling addition. I've, I'm in baby step one, which I've saved a thousand dollars and now with my car getting repo, how do I settle it? So I just want, I mean, that's the only thing I have on my credit. What Was the connection? What was the connective tissue?


From the gambling to the car, getting repoed. So I was, instead of making my payments, I was thinking I can Go to the casino and double it to make payments and things like that. Oh my goodness. So Yeah. Have you gotten control of the gambling addiction? What are you doing to resolve that? So keep myself occupied, disconnected completely. Everything with the, everything with any advertisements that used to Go to my email block that. Okay. Have you gone to Gamblers Anonymous? I have not. Okay. And I just wanna make sure that we've resolved the, the root problem here before we just fix the repo, which we can help you with that.


What, are you driving another vehicle now? No, I'm not. Are you working full-time? I am. Okay. Is that remote or How are you getting transportation? The bus. Okay. I don't have a problem. Luckily, I'm, I'm fortunate that I'm able to, to get transportation there leaves me close to work. Good. And what is your total debt, including the repo deficiency balance? The total total debt on the vehicle is based on the information. It's 19,203. That's, you still owe, That's what's owed. And I got, when it got repoed two weeks later, not only I got that letter, but I also got some letters from, I guess they, when it was sold, they were going through the, through this place where they have to pay and they weren't paying.


So I was, I got that notice And I started opening all my letters And I saw that the car was sold for 3000. And so they hadn't changed, I guess any information for the new owner. And So I was getting billed as well for the toll road. So I did reach out to Toll Road. They did get confirmation, you know, that the car was sold with my information, the letter that I got. But the vehicle to the 19,203, I, I got that letter. I didn't get a letter saying it was already, it's, it was gonna be sold with dates or any information. It was just sold two weeks after that for 3,500 around there.


And so now, now they're charging me, they're asking for that 19,000. So because you owed like 24,000, whatever it was, 22,000 on it. Correct. Originally, yeah. They sold it for three. You owe the rest. Oh gosh. Have you, have you reached out to the company? I have not because I wanna make sure if getting that information over the phone, what is, what are my options? Like what do I, I mean, is it something that, I mean, you're, you're gonna have to, you can attempt a lump sum settlement and see if they would take less. Okay. You know, let's say you come up with, I don't know, $7,000, they might be willing to take that as a lump sum settlement as paid in full.


And the key is you want to get any of all of this in writing the full settlement terms, the exact amount due, a statement that the payment will, you know, satisfy the debt in full. And that will allow you to make sure that you don't get screwed on this. I mean, they're gonna, they're gonna take you for a ride, you're gonna have to beat them over the head over and over. And at the end of the day, it's like, listen guy, I don't have any money. My car got repoed. What you're getting are my last dollars and this is it. There's no more where that came from. Right. That's the attitude you've gotta have. Right. And when they do this, they Okay. They kind of know there's very little likelihood they're getting their money back. Right. Exactly. And so, okay. But you can at least clear this and move on with your financial life if you can come up with a settlement amount to make this go away.


And that's gonna take a little bit of time. What are you making right now? Full time, 1667. Okay, Good. And what are your other debts? So I, that's all I have for now. Okay. I do rent 1300 on my rent. Okay. That includes electricity and water and everything. Great. So tra transportation. Transportation, right now I'm getting just the past, so it's like $75 a month. So, you know, with food and everything, I think I can definitely come up with that. Is It just you or is there kids or No, no, it's just me. Okay. That's why I have reached out because I figured I can do it since I'm, now, I'm alone to where I don't feel too obligated or my responsibilities with my children.


My children are adults now, so. Got it. Okay. Got it. So you clear this repo debt and you're completely debt free. Correct. Okay. That's amazing. How Quickly could you stack up half of this? Half of the, the 19,000? Yeah. 7,000 or eight. You know, how how quickly could you do that? Oh, 7,000. I can probably do that in, in the two months because it's take home, I'm looking about four, like almost four KA month. Okay, Good, good. So you could, you were saying you could put away, I mean you said your bills are likely what, 1500 to 2000 a month total. So you could save up about 2,500 a month. Let's say you did that for three or four months, that's, you know, eight or 10 grand.


And then call 'em up and say, Hey listen, this is everything I have, would you be willing to settle in full for this amount and then don't give them access to your checking account. Get it all in writing. Correct. And instead do like a cashier's check or a money order to solve this and then move on and make sure you've dealt with that underlying gambling problem. So this doesn't come back to haunt you in another form of debt, but I hope we're moving forward to the future. I know that's right. That's tough. Oh, Repo. I've seen those videos of cars getting repoed like at a gas station. They just roll up real quick and just drag that car away. I mean, it's heartbreaking to watch. Yeah, it's, I feel like the emotional toll on that is just as painful as the financial toll. Right? Yeah. Oh my goodness. All Right, let's take another question.


This one's gonna come straight from the interwebs. Ooh. As Dr. John Delony would say, let's go with Morgan from Instagram. She says, when entering baby step five George, which is saving for kids college, how much do you save for each kid? Oh, One of, I love this question of my favorite questions And I truly wish there was like a magic. Well, I know exactly what college is gonna cost, especially for the college your child will get accepted to and Go to. Right? Or want to Go to. 'cause here's what I found. People say, well Jade, I don't wanna save for college. 'cause what if they don't go? And I go, what if they do go and now they go 150,000 into student loan debt, right? When you could have saved and had the power of compound growth, the power of this, you know, tax free growth in this 5 29 plan or whatever college savings plan you choose.


And so how much to save, we're gonna ballpark it based on, you know, the state school cost in your area plus inflation. And there's calculators, you know, we have on our website that can help you figure this out. But again, it depends on where your kid goes. They could Go to the community college and pay five grand a year, or they might Go to the out-of-state private college and pay 75 grand a year. That's true. But the, the weird thing and, and it's not weird, but the difference between baby step five versus some of our other steps is we tell you baby, step one it's a thousand dollars baby step four, we tell you it's 15%. Right? We're giving you all these percentages and this is the one outlier where we're kind of saying, Hey, out there, choose Your own adventure. Pick it for yourself, whatever you have left over. And I will add this caveat, George.


You know, some folks they're like, I don't really wanna cover the bill, like I'm more focused on retirement right now, or I'm more focused on, you know what I mean? And there you don't have as much margin as you thought that you would have to spend on that. And I would say that that's also okay too. You know, it's not required that you pay for your kids' college. I would say the only requirement there is to make sure that you have discussion. Have a Conversation. Yep. Yes. And set very, very clear expectations for both of you. And it's out in the open so they know, hey, there's no fund here. You gotta get a scholarship or you've gotta work. I would rather have too much versus not enough. 'cause now with the new secure 2.0 act, you can roll 35 grand over to a Roth IRA and you can also change the beneficiary.


So you can bless another kid. Maybe you or your spouse wanna go back to school. Maybe it's a niece or nephew. The range of who you can make the beneficiary is pretty amazing. And So I want to have six figures personally for each kid. And honestly when they're going off to college, honestly, if You did overfund it and you were like, there's too much And I want this money, the fee isn't that bad. Yeah. You pay a 10% penalty It. Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money.


That's why you have to start telling your money where to go. So you can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to it is with the EveryDollar budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses, download EveryDollar in the app store or Google Play today.


We're so glad you're here listening to the show and enjoying the show. And I hope if that's true, you're also sharing the show. You're telling some folks in your life about, you know, the things we talk about here on the show and how they've affected your life, that's really the best thing that you could do for us. If you are considering yourself a fan of the Ramsey Network, tell somebody about it. You could, you know, drop a link in a text message and send it to somebody or email 'em or really just word of mouth. George, that's also sharing Is caring. Sharing is caring. You know, when you love something you can't help but tell people about it. Yeah. What do you love right now? What are you listening to watching? Oh gosh, I'm putting folks on the spot. There's a new show called number one Happy Family, USA, that is about a Middle Eastern family Post nine 11. It's an animated series.


It's hilarious. Very, it it's true to, you know, okay. My, my family growing up. Okay, love that. So it feels very relatable to me. How about you? I've been watching the NBA finals and I'm enjoying that. Or you know, playoffs I should say. But yeah. Nice. It's good. It's not a podcast, but I would suggest it And I'm sharing it with you, my friend. Can I share my honest feedback about the NBA? I don't like the squeaks. I have sensory issues And I don't wanna hear the squeak, The shoes on the, on the pavement. It's too many Squeaks. Okay. Okay. You know, I'm sorry. So that's, that's my tr if they can make shoes that are squeak less, I'll Watch. I don't know that there's anything they can do about that. I'm, come on guys, get on it. Nike, I'm sorry.


Oh boy. Let's Go to Randy. He's in Greensboro, North Carolina. Come on and raise up. What's up Randy? Yes. I just want to know y'all's opinion. Is it morally wrong for, for me to sell my wife's wedding set? She's been past three and a half years And I was kind sturdy cleaning out the house for the first time. Oh Wow. Oh, I'm so sorry. Randy. Three years ago she passed. Yeah. Yes. How old was she? 59. Mm. So sorry. And So you, are you needing to sell these rings for financial reasons or is this just like a, you want to kind of grieve in your own way and heal and move on through this?


Well, I, no, it's not really that. It's just kind of the, you know, the house is not paid for And I thought I had it appraised, the ring appraised at 6,200 And I thought that would go a good way towards paying off the house. And there's, we didn't have any children together and, and the, and she's not really close, you know, it was no close to any girls in my family. And so it's not like this ring would get passed as an heirloom of, with a lot of sentiment to, you know, a daughter or something. Right. Wow. I I don't think there's anything morally wrong about that. No, I mean, at, at the end of the day stuff is stuff and if it's, if you know, the sentiment can be different for everyone. It might not be in the wedding band, it might be in the memories, it might be in a photo, it might be in a thousand other things.


And so if that's something that you feel like will help you get the house paid off and that's your own way of, of leaving a legacy from the life that you guys built together, I see nothing wrong with that. Okay. I appreciate y'all taking my call. If you, I would say this, Randy, before you do it, just take a moment as much as you can and, and imagine how you'll feel if today you let go of that ring and it was gone. How would you feel? That would be my only thought. Is does that feel better for you or does that feel like, ugh, because if it feels a little bit like, ugh, like I don't think I'd do it just for that reason. Not because of anything moral. Okay. Well I I, it kind of does make feel, make me feel bad to think about it being gone.


Just, you know, How how much further do you have on the house? I'm just wondering, you know, I know this will help you make some progress, but is this like a I'm not gonna be able to retire because of this? How much further do you have to go? No, I, I got laid off about two years ago, so I'm not working now and, And I, I haven't taken my social security yet 'cause I was letting it build up as much as it could. Said it goes up to 8% a year. How are you living? But I'm, I, well I get a, a, a survivor's benefit from, from my wife's passing. And that's enough to cover all your bills? No, I take $1,700 out of my social security out of my retirement fund.


Okay. Okay. What's your total nest egg and what's left on the mortgage? There's $65,000 left on the mortgage And I have about 200, I mean 300 and total $50,000. Everything, every penny I have, in other words 350 grand to your name, does that include the equity in the home or is that just your nest egg investments? Just the investments. What's the house worth? Around two 80. Okay, so your total net worth is about a half a million, give or take? Yeah. Yes. Okay. And you are not going to be working, are you done?


No, I'm done. I worked at, well that's another story I worked at, worked a 60, 70 hour week job my whole life. Okay. I'm just wondering, are you going to have to work as you know, is this gonna be enough to cover your bills with social security, the survivor's benefit? Does that run out at a certain point or is that forever? It runs out when I take mine. I haven't taken mine, my social security Yet. Okay. And what's the difference between the amounts? Will, will yours be more or will it be less than hers? It'll be more. Okay. Well my, on January 1st, mine should be $4,000 A month. And will that be enough to cover your lifestyle? Yes. Yes. Okay.


Yeah, with this ring, I don't think there's anything on fire. My guess is you could look around if you really needed the $6,000, you might could look around the house and find other things worth value that you could, you know what I'm saying? That you could sell to accumulate that money That's not as dear to your heart as those rings. I mean, at the end of the day, you can do what you feel is best, but yeah, if I, if it was still like heart wrenching for me to part with it, I don't know that I would, It wouldn't be the first thing I did. No. And So I can't even imagine though, walking through that scenario. No. I'd be, listen, if Sam Warshaw tried to sell my ring, I would haunt him from beyond the grave. I'd be like, not you Sam.


I get that ring back from that pawn shop. Yeah. Give me The ring. Yeah, For sure. Oh my goodness. But here's the other thing, it's not going to make a huge debt in the mortgage, you know, 65 left. Yeah. It'll get rid of like 9% of what's left. And so there's still a lot left with no current income happening. And so that's true. I would want to go into retirement with no mortgage. That would be my goal for our friend Randy. I don't know currently how he's gonna do that without decimating the nest egg. Yeah. Yeah, that's True. And so that's another problem to solve for Sure. Yeah. He might have to pick up some, some more work here or there, which I feel like he could do. Yeah. He still seemed like a young, a young a young guy. Alright, let's talk to, you know what, let's go back to these social questions. 'cause I really liked these, George.


Okay, so they're fun. Let's take it to you decide Facebook or Instagram. Oh Gosh, I think Facebook, I like, I like what the boomers are doing over there. That tells me a lot about you. They're having a good time. That tells me a lot about you at a core level. All Right. Shannon from Facebook asks, I told my teenage daughters, they need to get jobs for their spending money this summer. One daughter refuses to work. I was thinking about giving her just $20 a week. Would that be okay? Or should I just stick to my guns about the whole job thing? Oh, See, this is why I chose Facebook. Yeah. And juicy stuff, juicy is happening on Facebook. It is. Wow. Okay. Teenage daughters, you gotta get a job. Says she refuses, says I refuse to work. Stalks are foot. And now she's going, well, if I give her 20 bucks a week, does it feel like I'm giving in?


Yes. And saying, well, you can have free money anyways for spending. Well, there is a big difference between 13 versus 17, I do think, but either way, I still think I'm making, yeah. I don't work What age with the ages here. It feels like a lot to make a judgment call. But we're talking about 80 bucks a month for what, two months now? With summer? Yeah. It's not that long. Yeah. So it's 160 bucks total. I would say, here's what I'm willing to do. You can have 20 bucks a week or eight. I'll give you 80 bucks a month for these two months. But nothing above that. You're gonna have to work if you wanna spend anything above that. Oh, that's a fair compromise. Ooh, I disagree. I think I would say if you work, I will supplement your pay matches with the, the $20 a week.


How about this? I'll match anything you make, you make. Now wait a minute, Now we're talking. That feels like a lot. Well, I imagine they also wanna like save for a car. Like they probably have some bigger goals. That's, That's true. I, I like, Maybe I'll match it into a car fund. Here's What I don't like. That could be fun. Here's what I don't like about it. The daughter, she used some pretty strong language when she said my daughter refuses to work. That's where the, the, the hardheaded part of me would come out and be like, oh, you refuse. Okay. I refuse. Like, I feel like I would get very, yeah. And I'm trying to also put myself in the teenager's shoes. I don't think I was working every single summer. As soon as school got out, I was working a full-time job all summer.


See, I was, I worked, I did work. My summers, I worked. Was was That a forced thing? Was this forced child labor at This point? No. I I, well, my parents just didn't hand out money. My parents have never handed, just handed us money. Mm. And So I was like, I gotta get a job at Kroger. They, they would hire me. And So I went there and then the next summer, I, I did that two summers And I worked at the YMCA one summer. Like we just, You were hustling. We were Hustling, man, that's, I was out there skateboarding, you know, but I was a simple man. A seven 11 slur peak could tie me over for hours. All That's all you needed just to nature Dollar a five. I can get by for the day. Thanks for listening.


Go call every coach.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network. It's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. By The way, Go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now.


Down truck You had, All Right, this is, it's getting weird over there guys. So what do we do.