
Hey guys, it's James Charles, producer of The Ramsey Show. This week, Dave and the personalities are living it up on the RAMSEY Cruise. So we've put together a compilation of some of our favorite calls and segments from the last year. Regular shows are back next week. Hope you enjoy live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by my co-host Rachel Cruz.


She's also the co-host of another show we do together called Smart Money Happy Hour. The number to call is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life, your money. We'll help you take the right next step and we'll try to make it entertaining too. 'cause you know, life's too short. Yeah, Yeah. And money's fun. All this is fun. Yeah, we can enjoy this. The World is heavy and we're out here just making light of it all and showing you some, a path forward. Some hope. So, Jeremy's gonna kick us off across the border in Ottawa, Canada. What's going on, Jeremy? Oh, just trying to keep one foot in front of the other. How about yourself? That's right, my friend. How can we help? Well, hopefully with some answers to some money problems.


But in a, in a nutshell, I uprooted my family and, and moved, ended up taking about a 65% pay cut, and now everything's just starting to pile up and pile up. And I, I wanna know if it makes me a, a deadbeat father if I, if I move back to my old job where I'm making north of 150 K versus south of 50 K, just, oh gosh, to keep all the, all the bills paid in food in the fridge. Well, What was the reason for you to uproot them and take this pay cut? It was clearly a big enough reason that you guys decided to do this. Just to keep the family together, be a little bit closer to my partner's family.


They're, they're super close, but, Okay. And now you're realizing we can't sustain this financially with our lifestyle, our bills, and our much lower income. This is stressful for us, even though we're closer to family E Exactly. Is, are you in a, when you moved away, how far away are you from where you guys moved? 'cause when you said to go back to my job, does that mean move again, to go back to the old job? Or you could do something different with where you guys live now? It's 3000 miles, and I was told if, if I go back, I'm going back by myself. Whoa. Like an ultimatum?


Yeah. Does she understand what's going on financially at all? How, how is she feeling? Is she stressed about it? She knows that it's not well, but I am, she's kind of blind to it and she, she just took a different job to work less hours too. How? Which isn't helping anything. Okay. When you say she's blind to it, does that mean that she doesn't have all the information or she has all the information, but the way she's processing it is not correct in reality? I, I think she's just ignoring the, the issue. Okay. How much are you guys in the whole month financially with after everything's paid?


How much, how much more do you need? I don't know. She doesn't tell me what, what her expenses are. Okay. So you Guys don't have any finances combined? No. Are you, are you legally married or just cohabitating? Just we're, we're common law and we got two little ones. Okay. And bank accounts are separate. Do you guys Venmo each other for the mortgage? How does this work? I take care of the mortgage in, in one vehicle, and she does the rest. Okay. And she's not feeling the stress of this financially, just you? No, she, she is to, because apparently she hasn't been able to, to make her minimums either.


Okay. So it it's sounding more like a relationship issue. Jeremy, it sounds like you guys just aren't doing well as a couple in general. I don't know if money's the main issue. I think it's become a symptom of it, but you guys, it doesn't sound like you guys communicate well or, or have the same goals or, or do this life together very well. It seems very separate, even from an emotional standpoint. Is that right? It's, it's getting there, that's for sure. Well, it sounds like you went along with this to appease her, to be closer to family, knowing full well you guys were gonna be in the hole financially. And I don't know if you didn't make that clear or if she just was blind to it as you said, and just going, I don't care. We're making this move.


We'll figure it out. That Pretty much, Well, there need, I don't know who your God is, but you need to come to Jesus conversation where you go, listen, you're clearly not doing well financially. I'm not doing well financially. This family's not doing well financially, and life is too short to live with this kind of stress. So if we're going to stay here, we have to make it work. And here's what that's gonna take. And that's when we lay out the finances together, get on a budget together and figure out what the whole is and how we're getting out of it. And that might mean you need to find a higher paying job. She needs to work more hours. We need to combine bank accounts. That might be some of the step, the Next Steps you take. Okay. And if, if that doesn't work, like should I jump back out to, to my old jobs just so that I know that my kids are fed?


I mean, that's the noble thing to do. I don't think it helps your marriage at all. Or with this common law situation you have going on. So you're gonna grow further apart while keeping the kids fed. And so I'd rather Keep the kids fed. Can you keep the kids fed though, where you guys are to be able to work on the relationship and get a higher paying job where you are? Or can you sell the car and make other sacrifices to cover your four walls? For now, The car's upside down by about 15. Do you know what she makes at all? She's supposed to make 85 a year, but she has a habit of not going to to work.


Wouldn't you get fired if I don't show up to work enough? Dave says, All Right, we're gonna find someone else who can actually do this job. Well, she works in healthcare, so they're, they're begging for people to, to work there. And what do you do? I'm in the construction. Okay. And so my, you, what were you doing before when you were making six figures? I was, I was working in a, in a mining industry. And that industry obviously doesn't exist where you're at. No. Is there an equivalent or is there a better construction job up up the ladder that you can aim toward?


I've, I've progressed up the, up the ladder in my company a little bit already, and the the next step would be to become a supervisor. But that's at least a, a year and a half out. 'cause I've, I've asked my boss for more hours and if he would be able to give me, give me a wage increase. And I You just said that. I'm, I'm not there yet. Okay. So Jeremy, I think what it comes down to is you guys aren't paying your bills. I mean, what, what's happening financially? There's an issue. So the adult thing is that you both sit down together and say, here's what it takes to run our household and we have to make X amount every month for this to happen.


And we don't get to decide that. We don't feel like doing that. That has to happen. So either we're cutting our freaking lifestyle and taking everything off the table and doing nothing in order to feed the kids. Or we're gonna have to de decide different jobs. We're gonna have to choose to move back. Like we don't get to just sit and not make money and not pay our bills like that. Like we can't do that. So that's not an option. We're adults and this is part of life. And so that's one thing. But the other thing I'm very concerned about, Jeremy, is the relationship. I mean, I mean, I, it just, it, it sounds bizarre to me that she's so in the clouds, that she wants nothing to do with you financially. And she's made that very clear.


My question is why, because long term, this is not a sustained relationship. You cannot live your life on two separate pages financially. Because what that is, it's an indicator of how your relationship is in general. And you guys are gonna just keep moving further and further apart. And you guys have two kids together, so it's worth the fight. But you first, from a tactical standpoint, have to get enough money in to pay the bills. Yes. And you both have to come to that understanding. And if she's so in the clouds and that, then she may not be a great partner long term. 'cause she's probably in the clouds on everything else. So, so there has to be some big decisions that are gonna be really difficult. But you both have to step up as adults and decide to face it together.


Let me tell you, the god's gonna Cut you. It's holy week in Jerusalem. Crowds welcome Jesus. As king rebellion is in the air, Jesus operates outside our jurisdiction room will descend on us all. But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables. My House should be called the house of prayer. But you make it a den of thieves, The world will never be the same. Now in theaters, the chosen last supper, get your tickets now.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Rachel Cruz. If you wanna check out some other shows that we produce, you can check out the George Kamel YouTube channel and of course The Rachel Cruze Show on YouTube and podcast. And it's all on the Ramsey Network app if you wanna check that out as well. All Right, let's go to Noel in El Paso, Texas. Noel, did I get that right? Me? You did. Okay, wonderful. How are you doing? Doing All Right. Taking it one day at a time, as best as I can. Mm. How can we help today? What's going on? So essentially my question is, you know, I've, I've been listening to your show for a few days and I've been bitching on it quite a bit now, a couple of your other podcasts and, and, you know, I've been contemplating bankruptcy.


It, it's been something that's in my mind over the course of the last couple months, and I'm just trying to see if it's a better option to throw in the towel and do that, or to continue attacking my debt aggressively based on what I've learned so far on the show. Hmm. Sorry to hear that. Well lay this out for us. How much do you make and how much debt do you have? Okay, so I make approximately, I got two sources of income. One is my job, which gives me roughly about 81,000 a year. And then the other one's disability compensation, which is about 56,000. So about 122,000, 130,000 a year.


Okay. And then as far as debt is concerned, I have about 80,000 in debt. Three of them are personal loans, well, two of them are personal loans. One's my vehicle and the rest is on credit card debt. Okay. What are the amounts for all those? So the, the most expensive one is $38,000. That one has about a $616 payment per month, and it's stretched out over 16, 15 years. And that what, which, which that is that, That one was a home improvement loan that I took out back in 2022. I was in the middle of a remodel Okay. Of my house. All Right. And so I, I took that money for a remodel.


Okay. And then, and the second personal loan, Second personal loan was a debt consolidation loan. It's roughly about $29,000. And then the third one is the vehicle, but my truck, which is about $26,000. And then the credit card debt's roughly about another 10 or 13,000. Okay. How much is the car worth? The truck, The truck is worth about 57 K. It's worth $57,000. Yes. Good. And you owed 26, Correct? I like where this is going. Do you see where this is going? I do see where your recommendation's gonna be, that I need to Explain to me why you need this truck when you're on the verge of bankruptcy.


Because I'm in construction and I, I I, I need the truck to be able to get through the construction site. I just checked Google. They make $20,000 trucks. They do. But I work in heavy civil, civil engineering construction. So I, I need something that can tow the amount of weight that I need to be able to tow. And you're telling me there's no $25,000 truck that can tow that amount? Probably. So it's probably gonna be about 15 years old. I'm okay with that. You're on the verge of bankruptcy. You just told us you got here because you were unwilling to have delayed gratification, sacrifices weren't made, and you made some poor financial decisions.


And this is the one on the list that you can undo if you're willing to drive a 15-year-old truck for a season so that you can avoid bankruptcy. Okay. What's the truck payment? It's 5 83 a month. So you would have an extra 600 bucks a month to go toward your debt. It, correct? Yes. I mean, do you realize that if, if you're gonna file bankruptcy, they're gonna liquidate and get as much as you know? Yeah. Possible. Anyway, so I mean, this, this, this could all be on your terms and it's gonna be uncomfortable and it's not going to look the way that you've been handling your money. But something has to change. So of course your life is going to look different if you start making different decisions with money.


And, and it's not gonna be easy because I mean, a little bit of the easy route is, is the debt route. You kind of can get what you want when you want it, and you know, that's how majority of people live. But you're finding that it's causing stress. You're calling us for a reason because you're not happy with where you are financially. So something does have to change. So your mindset around money, regardless of work and construction and weight, I mean, all of that. Like if you're in this desperation part, you know, if you get to this place in your life, you're willing to do anything, like anything. And I don't, I don't know if you feel that or want to experience that.


I just been through a lot of suffering over the last year and it's not necessarily the whole truck thing, it's just Yeah. What's, what's been going on? The, what, what caused me to call to make all these poor financial decisions. I suffered a traumatic event back in November, 2022 where my son passed away. Oh, Sorry. And so that caused me to sell my house. And when I sold my house, it was in the middle of a remodel and I ended up being upside down about $18,000. So I had to pay $18,000 to sell a house. And then I moved my daughter and I across the country to bring my, my son to his, his birthplace to bury him.


And it had to start all over again. Hmm. So that's what caused me to take out, you know, the, that consolidation loan for 27 or $29,000. And then I had, I had a paid off truck. My truck was paid off. I had a 2,500 RAM that was paid off, and I traded that in to get this vehicle because it was a four by four and it had more pooling power. I hear you. And I ended Up buying that. I, I had to buy another house, but it wasn't a house. I bought a mobile home that was another $121,000 there. So, you know, I I, I spent a couple hours on, on the budget app yesterday that EveryDollar spent app.


And for some reason it's telling me that I have $2,600 worth of margin every month left over. That's With your minimum debt payments, all of your expenses. That's what it should be. That's, yeah. I mean, I put everything in there, all the payments that I'm making still says I got $2,600. And don't get me wrong, I, I've paid off close to about 3000, $3,500 worth of credit cards. Four credit cards in the last 30 days. Mm. And, you know, just, just trying to, to do what the RAMSEY method's telling me to do. Yeah. You know, and I'm putting $40 away every, every week in savings to try to get to that thousand dollars savings to, you know, in my underwear drug to, to keep it there for a rainy day.


Well, outside of the truck, I added it up. I mean, if you sell the truck, you'll have $80,000 in consumer debt based on what you told us. Yes. And so you had said 80 at the top, but you got 80 plus to $26,000 truck loan that puts you at six figures in debt. And I'm trying to help No, that's including it. What's that? That's Including it. That's including it. The 26,000, What was the first loan you said? The home improvement loan? 38. 38,000, yeah. 38,000, 29,000 loan Plus 29 Plus 10, 29,000 plus 13 credit. Yeah. And then according to Credit Karma is telling me I got 13 in credit cards, but, And I'm telling you with a calculator, it's coming up at 80 and that's without your car loan.


So I just want you to have a real picture of what your finances are at. And that's why I am so desperate to get you to get rid of this truck and downgrade to number one, free you of $26,000 today before your truck goes underwater. Almost every call people are underwater on their truck. So when you said this truck is worth 57 and you owe 26, I was doing back flips because it gave me some hope that you can get outta this faster than you think. And if you do that and then do the debt snowball every extra dollar outside of food, utilities, shelter, transportation, insurance goes toward that 80,000, you have remaining smallest to largest balance. I think you can get outta this. You make great money.


Yeah. You're a smart guy who works hard And, and, and know that, I mean, from that information that you just gave us about this last year, which is just the most horrific thing that I could ever imagine is, is losing a child. So I can't even, I can't even imagine what that grief does. There's a, there a fog that is there, and when you make financial decisions, usually in that time, soon after something like that happens, they're always, they're sometimes not the best. So that's not to guilt or to shame you, that's to kind of free you to say, Hey, yes. You, as you look back, like wow, those may not have been the best decisions. I don't blame you for that because of what you walked through, but I do wanna make sure that there's a level of healing that you're getting from this and that the money is that secondary piece.


But I do, I pray that for you. Well, I'm so sorry. And yeah, if you stay on the line, Taylor's gonna pick up and we'll give you John Maloney's book and Total Money makeover


When you go through a job loss or job change and lose your employer sponsored health insurance. There's no better time to try Christian Healthcare Ministries. That's right. There's another option besides Cobra, to take care of your family during that time. Because if you didn't know, the cost of Cobra has gone up a lot in the past few years. And CHM is an affordable, biblically based alternative to health insurance. So do your own research. But CHM is a great option. That's potentially a third of the price of cobra. It's a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And the support you get from CHM goes beyond helping you pay for medical bills. Members become part of a family that prays for them when they have a medical event. Try getting that with Cobra. So if you're going through a job loss life change or just wanna explore other options to save on healthcare, CHM might be perfect for you. Chm programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author George Kamel and we're taking your calls up next we have Shonda in Cleveland. Hey Shonda, welcome to the show. Hi. Hi guys. Hello. Hello. I have, hi. Can you hear me? Yes, we can. We can. Oh, okay. Thanks for calling. Yeah. How can we help? Yes, I have money stress. I have, I'm, I have an income of like 22, 20 $4,000, but I have two collection agencies. One is 5,000, which I could pay. I only have 2000 more to pay for that one collection agency.


And the other one is 8,000. And I don't know what to do or begin to pay that, that debt. I don't even know where to begin. I haven't talked to that collection agency at all. 'cause I don't know what to do because I, I don't have no money to pay them. Okay. A driveway that needs to be fixed, that's like 20,000 they say. So that's an upcoming expense that's not debt, right? Yeah, that's an upcoming expense. Okay. What other debt do you have? I have student loans. That's 50,000, a car loan, that's 11,000.


A home loan that's 75,000. And I was like one month behind. I think I just caught up. And let's see, credit card, that's 200, $200 dollars a minimum payment or that's the total? Yeah, No, that's, that's the total. So I was gonna pay them off when I, next time I get paid. Okay. Okay. How old are you? I'm 53. Okay. Whatcha are you doing for work right now? Nothing assistant, but I feel like I, I'm overwhelmed. I don't know what to do. And I know y'all say don't play the lottery, but that's, I've been trying to do that.


Oh no. Because I else don't, I dunno what else to Do in the convenience store, a gas station, stay far away. How many hours a week are you working? That's Right. Like 40 hours and then sometimes I pick up on my off days. Okay. So I'm working, I'm working. And you're doing what again? I'm sorry, say it one more time. Nursing assistant. Nursing assistant. But you're only making $24,000 working as a nursing assistant and working 40 hours a week. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I mean I think the, the first thing to be looking at, 'cause what's your degree in? 'cause you have some student loans. Yeah.


Well I went to school for different, well I really went to school and didn't really get much of a degree. I got one degree. And How long have you been paying on these student loans? Years and haven't made a debt. And I mean, you know, during covid they didn't, they wasn't taking any payments during covid. They were sending money right back. Back. Are you single? Yes. Okay. Well there's some simple steps you can take that are tactical to help you, but it's gonna take sacrifice, it's gonna take making more, spending less, all of that.


So here's the thing with the collections, you've gotta talk to these people. We can't bury your head in the sand. And even if you call them and say, listen, okay, I can't pay you. I make $10 an hour and I got a lot of bills and a lot of people who wanna get paid. And so I need to keep the lights on. So your one priority is food, utilities, shelter, transportation. We call that the four walls. Nothing else gets paid before those get paid. I don't care who the debt is to what the collectors are saying, you gotta keep the lights on, keep the mortgage paid so that you don't get foreclosed on and eat something too. And so beyond that, you gotta make your insurance payments.


We need to keep all of that to protect us and then we can start tackling the debt. But clearly there's not much to tackle it with because you have no money left after making minimum payments. Right? That's right. So I mean, so what do I tell 'em or what do I do? Do I write a letter? Do I call 'em, I call everyone you owe debt to and say, listen, I wanna pay you, but I don't have any money. I make $10 an hour. I'm six figures in debt. I'll pay you when I can and what I can. But right now, okay, I'm flat broke. Okay. Yeah. And then on the income side, Shonda, I mean I honestly, I mean I was, you know, Walmart, target, like these places are paying up to 20 an hour.


Like you could double your hourly rates by working somewhere else. I think you're gonna need a different job. I just don't, this job is not gonna be able to sustain you and you're working 40 hours. So I'm like, you're, you have a, you know, a great work ethic, but that energy, energy is going to something that's not giving you your rate of return of what you need right now. And so in places like Walmart, target, some other places, I mean, they have great benefits. Like they really do a great job in helping their employees. So I honestly would be switching jobs. You have to make more, you can't be living on this. Is there a path for you to make more in the nursing assistant world? Like it's a CNA where you could be making 40,000 a year.


I don't know of like the hospitals or something like that. I don't know how much they, That I would do some homework and research and talk to people who are in these fields in these positions and ask them the path and what it's gonna cost and what it's gonna take and how long. Yeah. Because long term need a solution Agency. Yeah. Agency pays, I mean, I mean, I guess the agency, But beyond the agency, like the agency job, you know, as a, as certified nursing assistant, you should be able to make 30 to 40 versus 22. And with your experience, I'd imagine this wouldn't be a huge leap. And so I would just at least start to do some homework. I know life has got you down, but this is the time, the next 10 years we need to be really Yeah.


Getting focused. Get the income up, get rid of this debt and have no mortgage payment And seana, start binge watching some of our debt-free screams here on the YouTube channel or even podcast. But go through and and, and watch some of these stories because I know it feels like you're in such a hopeless situation and numbers wise it does feel hopeless. Right? And, and So we want that, some of that to change with your income and starting to get a grapple on this debt. But just know that there is an, there is a way out. It's just gonna, it's gonna look different than probably what you've done in the past and that's okay. But there's people that do it every day. So continue to, to feed your mind with this stuff. If you hold on the line, Shonda Austin's gonna pick up. I don't wanna give you a financial Peace university.


That's our nine lesson course on money. Just to get you the basics. We'll throw in EveryDollar Premium as well, which is our, our budgeting app. And they have a great tutorial there when you sign up there to really walk through and teach you there. Here's detailed how you do a budget and Austin go ahead and throw in total money makeover too. And that's, that's Dave Ramsey's bestselling book. And it's the seven Baby Steps. I just wanna get some, some knowledge of this plan in you Shonda. And I want you to just like soak all this up because it's gonna kind of be a different world that you'll be navigating with money. It's gonna look different. But I want you to have motivation and people behind you cheering you on. And even if it's us on YouTube cheering you on and and giving you some encouragement through other callers or watching their stories, I want that for you.


'cause I want you to know that, that this can change. It's gonna be different. It's gonna, yeah, it's gonna be different from what you've done and it's gonna be hard. None of this is easy. None of this is easy, but it is possible. I'm gonna throw even one more thing just 'cause I feel for Shonda Keep. I'm gonna gift you a free coaching session with a trained RAMSEY financial coach who can walk through all of this with you, help you with the collection side, navigate this wild journey, help you make a plan with the debt snowball. Just 'cause we can't do that in a radio call. And I really want Shonda to have hope. Yeah. Because I know a lot of older caller, oh, there's older people out there listening who are in their fifties, Rachel, and they're going, well, I'm in her shoes. There's no hope for me. And it takes, it's harder to do as you get older.


It's just harder. The Habits. Yeah. That's deeper habits that are, you have to break that You're used to. The stakes been compounding for years. The debt's been sitting around for years is in collections. So hang on the line, we'll get you connected and give you a free session with a trained RAMSEY financial coach. Yeah. Who can help. So that's, that's a big part of the problem is Yes. And it is hard Hope and getting a game Plan. That's right. And you know, we talk to to people Yeah. In their fifties, sixties, sometimes in their seventies. Right? And they're, they don't have anything for retirement and they're trying to figure this out and, and even though it's a hard hill to climb to say, okay, I'm gonna buckle down. I'm gonna, I'm gonna learn something new, change what I've been doing, sacrifice take on that extra job. Like all of that is hard.


But it's also hard to go into retire with nothing. Mm. If you continued on that path. Right. So it's one of those things like you choose your hard Yeah. And one hard's actually going to be able to give you money when you start working a plan and get outta debt and be able to have some level of control over your life versus not at All. Right? So don't Give up Shonda, You've got this Shonda, we believe in you. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All Right. You've heard me say this a thousand times and I'm gonna keep saying it. You are worth being well and I believe therapy can help. Right now BetterHelp is offering 90% off your first week of therapy now through March 31st. So if you've been on the fence, this is your chance to try therapy for a fraction of the cost. Because let's be honest, we all spend money on things we hope will make us feel better. Like new clothes, organic groceries, gym memberships. But when it comes to actually digging in and getting real with our mental and emotional wellbeing, we hesitate, we pause. And I know actually going to therapy can seem like a huge first step, but please hear me. Your mental and emotional health are just as important as your physical health. BetterHelp makes therapy more accessible than you think because it's online. So you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. Your wellbeing is worth it and this offer makes it easier than ever to start 90% off your first week of therapy now through March 31st, 2025. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get started. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


I'm George Campbell, joined by Rachel Cruz. This is The Ramsey Show and if you enjoy this show, you should check out Smart Money, Happy Hour co-hosted by myself and Rachel Cruz. We have a blast. And if you need to like send someone the show that's not too heavy, too intense, Smart Money, Happy Hour is, it's a breath of fresh air. There's lots of laughs and you kind of, we sneakily teach you money things while I'm good. But you don't even know it's, you don't even know. It's like a what Our writer Savannah said she was at the nail salon and some Gen Z girls we're like, Hey, you know that Dave guy? She's like, yeah. She's like, well his daughter has a really cool podcast. I love it. We're talking about Smart Money, Happy Hour, about the nail Salon, talking about current events, pop culture and money. It's Rachel Best.


Rachel's like the cool sister. It's the best. And I'm the cool uncle, I guess. Uncle George. That's right. All Right. Gabriela is up next in McAllen Texas. Gabriela, what's going on? Hi guys, thank you for taking my call. So my question is, My ex boyfriend left me with an RV payment and I do not wanna pay it. Oh my gosh. So what happens you guys? So He took it to go work and could no longer afford the payment on it and left it to me last weekend and was like, here you go, here's the RV with the payment. What Do you mean left it to you? Whose name is on the loan? It is under my name.


We were together for 10 years. Oh no, I got it for, for him. So he had to go work in the oil field and he, we split up about a year ago and he, he can't afford it anymore. He, so he brought it back to me and I'm left with it. Oh no. Shoot. Well Gabriel, you'll never do that again, will you? I've learned my lesson. Oh no. You know, we talked to somebody earlier in the hour and her and her boyfriend, well fiance, they don't really have a date I don't think a wedding date we asked but yeah, both their houses, their names are on the deed of the house and I just thought, Oh no, no, no, no.


So You're a great, I guess poster child of what can happen when you Yes. Sign on to debt and buy things with people you're not married to. And I'm so sorry you, I mean on top of the hurt from this long-term relationship being Over, it was a, and it was a year ago though, so now you're like, well crap, now I gotta, What is, what's left on the RV loan and what is it worth? It is, the balance left is around 48,000 and looking it up, it's worth around 30,000. Mm. So you're $18,000 underwater Basically for some reason they took like the prices and RVs were just expensive when I bought it and have dropped.


Well that's been the theme on the show for the last week or month is everyone is underwater on vehicles and things with wheels because it was really expensive and they had good intentions and then the market turned and now everyone's underwater. So there's only two ways to go about this. Number one is you need to come up with the $18,000 in cash in order to sell it and pay off the loan. Or number two, you go get a personal loan for the difference of that 18,000 to get out from under this. Do you have any money? Yeah, I have around 10,000 in savings. Good. And any other debt? Yeah. Well yes I have a mortgage. I pay my vehicle, but my vehicle is actually a lease and I hadn't learned my lesson at the time, but I have a bedroom set under, under my name that somebody else owes about $3,000 of that.


Really? No credit card debt Somebody else owes? Yes, it's under my name. So technically I owe it, but And are they paying, are they paying on it or your, your Yes and no. Okay. Oh gosh. Is this, is this family, is it a friend that you like said, Hey, I'll get, it's, It's, it's family. It's a family member. Oh gosh, I think you need to stop being generous with money. You don't have Gabriela. That's what's been happening. It's a theme in your life. You sound like such a sweet, wonderful person. And now how much do you make a year? So this year I made, so I'm actually a nurse and with Covid I made really good money. 2022, kind of gone down some, so this year I made 133, but it will probably drop again this year because there's no more Covid crisis.


So that's just how it works. Not if I can help it. You're gonna be out there busting your tail over time doing Uber Eats and DoorDash and Instacart, whatever it takes. I'm going to, you're climbing out of this thing and I think you're, you're not scared of work, which is great. And we gotta start with the smallest debt here, which it sounds like, is this bedroom set? Yes, I would. Yeah, I think you just pay it off and if they ever pay you any more for it, great. You can apply That to the next one. Don't expect it Just but don't wait around done With it. Yeah. Be, be done with it. Okay. Even if it's zero interest, I should pay that one off. Especially if it's zero interest. All of it. Okay, we're done with payments. We're done with debt. You make too much, you're too successful and you're too smart to ever do this stuff again, regardless of the interest rate.


Does that track Gabriela? Are you with us on this? Yes, we are Team Gabriela. And So we want you to win and that's going to mean you have, you know, if you count up all your debt and if you wanna get outta the lease, you can look at the early buyout amount and see if that's gonna be worth it for you to do now. Otherwise you turn the car in and then you need to go get another car. But don't just get another lease. Okay. Is the most expensive way to get a vehicle. And dealerships love it 'cause they make the most money off of these leases. Okay. So no more leasing. No more leasing. Buy your next car with cash, which is gonna be Tough. When, when is the lease up? In about two more years. Okay.


Yeah, I would look at the early buyout. I would just kinda do some research in that. But then in the meantime, between now and two years, be saving some cash knowing that you're gonna have to replace this car. But I would take, yeah, this 10 grand Gabriela, I would pay off the Yep. The bedroom set and then the be looking at the 18 that you'll probably have to take a loan out for for the remainder of that RV after you sell it. Okay. So I shouldn't give it back to the bank and then let them sell it and then me pay the difference. You're saying to have the RV repossessed? Yes.


I wouldn't Do that. No I wouldn't do that 'cause I would go on your credit. I would, yeah, I would, I would just find the private sale. Okay. List it, sell it yourself, get as much as you can for it obviously. And then yeah, you'll have to have, have a loan for the difference and then you'll be working your way out of that. Oh, okay. Yeah, I wish we had better news. The good news is you make great money, you make six figures. We've seen bigger scarier numbers than this. Yeah. But it's the hurt and shame and guilt and baggage and oh my gosh, I'm so stupid. You gotta just pick yourself up and go, listen, that doesn't define me. Yeah. I'm gonna make different decisions going forward. And Gabrielle, is it just you, are you single kids?


Yes, it, it's just me and my two girls. Okay, so you do have two girls. Okay. How old are they? I have a 9-year-old and a 3-year-old. Okay, so sweet. That's so great. Okay, so what you're probably gonna be doing, I mean where you can work extra and even if it's, you know, at night online or something, like if there's like something that you can do to find that extra money, but with this 1 33, I mean, I would act like I would, I would tighten everything up and I mean give yourself a goal to say I'm gonna act like I make 70,000 a year or whatever it is. And then find that difference to, to have an end point to say, okay, I could be completely debt free, be done with all of this and start fresh, not owing anyone anything and, and start this whole process.


I'm like that, that you could do this in in 18 months, Gabriela. I mean if you really focused and did this, the car lease, you know, kind of hangs in the balance of what you decide there. But being able to have no payments and this income going to you and your girls and you guys keeping all of it, that's the goal we want for you. Have you been through Financial Peace University? No. Okay. So if you hold on the line scholar's gonna pick up and we're gonna gift that to you as, as well as EveryDollar Premium, which is our budgeting app. And so what I want you to do, Gabrielle, is wa is watch these lessons, even Benham, there's gonna be seven lessons and I want you to go through and, and watch all of this and really get a game plan to say, okay, here is how I take control of my money.


And what that's gonna teach you is everything from budgeting to getting outta debt, to saving up for an emergency funds, to investing to your kids' college. I mean it kind of runs the gamut of everything and it's all packaged in there. And so to be able to walk through that and apply this stuff, Gabrielle. 'cause what you've already witnessed and experienced is that money, it's personal finance, it's 80% behavior. It's only 20% head knowledge. You're gonna watch these videos and be like, I knew that, I knew I shouldn't probably co-signed some furniture for a family member. I know that I probably okay now, okay, you know, you're gonna get all that. But actually changing the behavior and doing it is gonna be the key to you winning. And I believe in you. I know you can do this, Gabriela, we're, we're cheering you on.


So hold on the line. Skylar will pick up, That's the theme of this hour. Don't spend money you don't have, especially with people you're not married to. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. My thanks to my co-host Rachel Cruz, all the folks in the booth and you America, thank you so much for listening. We'll be back before you know it.


All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. So why, why is That? Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Yes.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. You know, that's why we're partnering with them because they're, they're, they've got a scope to be able to handle the RAMSEY audience and they're the right kind of people with the right kind of values and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says fair wins on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience and I, I so, so appreciate that. So again, you guys, I know it can be a pain to switch banks or to open up new accounts, but fairwinds again, they make it so easy. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general, and so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you Guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by bestselling author Rachel Cruz. This is your show, America. Give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money and we'll try to help you take the right next step when it comes to your biggest life's decisions and maybe smallest, you know, it can be a first world problem. Yeah, we're down to chat about that too. We're We're here for Everything. No problem. Too small. Kenneth kicks us off in Houston, Texas. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Kenneth. Hello. Hey, how you doing?


I'm doing fine for now. What's going on? So I'm cur currently in a situation where I'm living in my car. I started in November because I racked up about $14,000 in credit cards. Oh man. And I have 16 on my car as well. So 16, 16,000? Yes. On my car. Okay. Where were you living before this? I was actually living in an apartment with my cousin and her boyfriend, but they decided to get their own place their, so I ended up in a car And right now you can't afford rent because of the debt?


Yes. It's taking about half of my paycheck every two weeks and my car payment is 3 46, so I'm left with about $200. So I am, I started this debt snowball and I managed to pay off one credit card, but it's, it's still not enough. Not enough. Sounds like we need to get your income up. Are you working full-time right now? Yes. Yes I am. I actually, I'm, I submitted applications to places I still haven't had, like I haven't heard back yet. So what are you doing right now for work?


I'm a sterilization tech. I clean dental instruments. Okay. And what do you make doing that? I make 18 an hour on my W2. It said I made 32,000 this year. Okay. And you're working 40 hours a week? It's between that we work half days on Fridays, sometimes full days. So between 36 and 40. Can you work extra if you chose to? Yes, I'm currently looking. Okay. I would see if you can work overtime with your sterilization job On top of that, getting another job on the side. I mean, $18 an hour is not nothing. And so it feels like it's not just a car loan.


What's your minimum payment on the credit cards? Altogether is over 500, 5 29. I have a spread between Seven. Hmm. And you have, do you have any friends or family that you could have to help support? You go live with some friends for now, crash on a couch, anything like that? Friends, no family, I do, they have offered, but the environment for me around them is I, I do not enjoy. So I'd rather stay in the car instead of having my emotional wellbeing.


Are you safe living in this car? Where are you actually staying? So I stay around, around near my job. So far nothing has happened. I, I believe, I don't know how many months, like four months now. Are you able to shower and how, how are you doing all of that? So I actually have a gym membership, so showering, doing whatever I need to do. I can handle that at the gym. Okay. Kenneth, how much is your car worth? It's, I checked on Kelly Blue book. It's at 12,000 the last time I checked.


Okay. Worth 12,000. Okay. You owe 16 some change? Yes. Yes. And no money saved? No. No. And 'cause my biggest concern right now, Kevin, for you Yeah. Is, is what kind of George was hinting at, but it is your living situation. I mean one of these, you know, four walls is what we say, food, shelter, utilities, transportation, like these are things that are necessities, those are needs and you're lacking obviously one of those. So the family situation, would it be, could, like is there a way to at least have a roof over your head and give yourself a timeframe and say within 90 days I'm gonna be outta here and looking for my own place, but just for the, you know, just the, the, the bare necessity of, you know, having, having a home.


That's what I, that I just worry for you when it comes to that is just having a place to stay. Well the place at my family's place, I would have to pay rent, which is not much, but it would, I wouldn't have any left to put towards my credit cards. So right now, if you're working 40 hours a week at 18 an hour, it's about 2,900 bucks a month before taxes. So how much is getting taken out of these paychecks? Are you actually looking at the paychecks and seeing where it's going? No, I know that about 180 is being taken out for insurance, but taxes wise I have not checked.


Okay. I would go look at that. Make sure you're not taking out too much in taxes. Make sure that you're not putting any money away into investments right now. EveryDollar, you can get out of those paychecks needs to go to covering your four walls like Rachel mentioned. Yeah. Because besides the, you have the car payment, the credit cards, but you should have around $2,000 left Month because you got about 900 in payments. That's what it's looking like. Yeah. I get each paycheck. It depends, I get about the minimum at least 1060 each month. I mean each, every two weeks. Okay, so the first thousand covers your debt payments, where's the other thousand going?


I have no idea. Okay. So I think that's, that's gonna be a, that's a key piece to this Kenneth. 'cause a thousand dollars. I'm like, that's a significant amount. Right. So I would want you to be tracking and knowing like this is exactly where every single dollar is going. Right. And even just going back to the basic of a budget and we can, if you hold in the line, we'll give you EveryDollar premium to be able to figure out so specifically where that is because I don't want you Yeah, I don't want you behind on payments. In a perfect world, I want you to be able to, to have enough money to pay rent somewhere. And you need to be working every weekend. I Was gonna say weekends and even nights, Kenneth, it's gonna be exhausting.


But you're, I mean you're, you're gonna have to dig yourself out of this hole. And one of the, I mean the two ways to do that is income and expenses, right? Those are the two parts of the equation. So upping the income, lowering the expenses is gonna, is gonna help you gain some traction. Do You have insurance bills as well to pay outside of healthcare? No, it's, it's too much for me right now. Minimum like auto insurance? I can, yeah, for the minimum for me is 400. So Why is That? I, can You have a bad driving record? No, my driving record's good. It's just been like that the lease I have paid is 300.


Maybe it's 'cause I, I was in an accident but it wasn't my fault. But Kenneth, you need auto insurance man. Even if it's 300 bucks, you are in a very risky position right now. Jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com, connect with one of our insurance pros to help you with that and hang on the line. We'll send you EveryDollar premium to help you make a plan for every one of those dollars. Wishing you the best.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of rip-offs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Zander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options and they've been around for over 95 years. So you know they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xander.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry and slow motion than file your taxes, but thankfully you don't have to dread filing. When you've got Ramsey Smart Tax, it comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus, with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


I'm George Campbell joined by Rachel Cruz. This hour. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Call us and we'll help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Jennifer's in New Orleans up next. What is going on Jennifer? Hi, how are y'all? Doing well. How are you? Great. How can we help today? So I have a 17-year-old son, almost 18. And we've pretty much raised him on FPU principles since he was about six or seven years old. And he is in a pretty serious healthy relationship with a young lady that we do really like. And I know it may seem like too early to tell or anything like that and we're not the kind of parent that's like, oh my God, but you know, you have feeling, but you're Hopeful she might be the one, I'm pretty sure.


So, you know, not anytime in the near future, but she is, she is set on being an orthodontist and Sounds expensive. Exactly. That is my question of how to approach this with them. I, we have talked to him just briefly, the conversations have just started. He does think it's dumb to take out student loans. She's briefly said that she's totally fine with having $250,000 of student loans that might take the 20 years to pay off. 'cause that's what usually what Orthodon has. And I kind of briefly said that you guys may not even be afford to eat and I just don't know how else to approach this besides maybe getting them to watch the borrow future take foundations in finance.


But, you know, it's just starting. Yeah. Well a lot of this stems from how she grew up with money and what her parents believe about money. Right. And so this is a money values conversation that your son will eventually need to grapple with as they head toward maybe a marriage. Right. And that's what we've been talking about with him. Yeah. And I think it's, it's, I mean, he's getting to the age, he's 17, almost 18. So, and again, I don't have kids that age, but you know, there starts to be that level of letting go, right. That eventually they're gonna be off in college, they're gonna be making their own decisions. Like there is that Yeah. That, that season of life is, is coming soon.


And so it always begs the question, it changes a little bit 'cause he is still under your roof, in my opinion. But it always begs the question of if no one's asking advice, you know, when do we give it and what, what can we control? Because the truth is you can't control what she chooses to do. And it gets to a point too that eventually soon they're gonna just be making their own decisions regardless of what you guys think or not. Right. So, so if anything, it would be a conversation with him. I I, I don't know what y'all's relationship was. Obviously they've been dating a while, but you're not her parent. Right. So, but you are your son's parent. And so I think having that relationship of being able to have the conversation of, hey, this is what, this is what life will look like, you know, if she chooses to go down this path and, and then, you know, we get people, you know, in the medical field, call us all the time, Jennifer, pharmacists and all this, and they have $200,000 in debt, but they're making 160,000.


Right. And so usually the hope is, is that you have a bigger shovel if you're choosing to go a path, you know, in this medical type field, it doesn't always happen. You know, they could get married, she gets pregnant and wants to stay home, and then all of her options are gone. Right. Because she has to go pay the step back. So, so there's a lot of life in there, but as a for, I don't know, IIII don't know how much you can control it. Right? Yeah. And until they're married, he doesn't really get a vote in her life. He may have influence, but he doesn't have a financial vote as to what she does or doesn't do. The, the worrisome part was how flippant she was about it. Just, well, She's 17 saying that I though like, well, you know, this is normal. I'll just pay off my 300,000 over 20 years. I think we need to give her so a dose of reality.


And I think you're right, like sitting 'em down and saying, Hey, would you guys watch this documentary called Bar? Yeah. But it's not her daughter. Well, if she's over and they're not house A lot, but if they're not engaged and stuff, like, I don't know. Yeah. I mean, I'd probably pop on Barr future because I am that dad, you know what I Mean? And just to have it on in the background. Stab it On. Yeah. I mean, I guess if it's in like a very organic conversation, you know, but I don't know. It, it would, I don't know. It would feel like overstepping boundaries. Do you feel like that if you brought this up, it would be overstepping your boundaries? Well, I have brought it up to my son and he said To to your son? Yes, she would, She would watch it with him. She, he has brought it up to her. And So we do plan on doing that this summer. Okay. And as her family, You know.


Okay. Jennifer, is he, is he about to buy a ring? Like when you say they're serious? Okay. So honestly, honestly, too, and you know this Jennifer, at 17, you're 17. I'm like, I knew multiple friends were that were dating in high school. They go to college within, you know, nine months or so. They're, they're off on different schools. They, I mean, it's true you change so much in that season. Season. But Also Rachel got married in college, so I wouldn't, Could happen. I had a semester left. Thank you. Winston had been graduated a year. Monster left. Thank you George. So it can happen. But what I'm saying though is I do wonder if you are ringing your, I I I don't want you to worry about something that's not your problem right now. Do you know what I mean? Right. Like it's not like they're getting engaged this summer and getting married and then she's choosing to go in at 18 years old.


Right. Like, I don't know. Yeah. So we may have different opinions, George. No, I just think it's one of those things you gotta, you cross the bridge when you get there and if she ends up in a bunch of debt and they do end up getting married and she's aligned on the values of wanting to get out aggressively, then they'll be okay. Yes. Yeah. Their life's not over. You can still have a, a great marriage, but it is gonna add a, a wrench, whatever their plans are. Yes, that's right. It just adds that weight. It's gonna hold Them back building wealth. But the long-term hope is that she gets on the same page with money and goes, you know what? I'm not waiting 20 years if she does end up taking this debt, it's, I wanna be done with this thing in three or four. Yeah. And Jennifer, you do this after school too. And I know people, majority people change their major Right. Like halfway through. That's so I'm like, she may not even end up doing it anyways.


Right. So that's what I'm hoping. Yeah. Yeah. And they may not even been dating. I mean, I don't know. That's a tough one. Yeah. Yeah. There's no easy Answer here. I know, I, I, I don't want you to worry Jennifer. 'cause I just don't feel like the reality is happening. It may happen in like four years, but a lot of factors have to play in for this to actually happen. But I really do appreciate you, you know, looking out, obviously for your son. That's what I'm thinking. It's, it's for your son, which she does though, is, I don't know. Yeah. Well keep us posted. Call us back in a few years. Yeah. Okay. So tell me this, let's flip the tables a little bit, George. Okay. Let's say Mia comes home. Oh my goodness. We need a different, okay, let's Go. First of all, America, Mia is my eight month old daughter, just for context, okay.


She comes home, and this is not picking on Jennifer, but it does raise the question, where Was she if she wasn't at Home? She was at her boyfriend's house. Okay. Okay. And her boyfriend's, I was gonna use health, I don't wanna use money as the example, but health. Okay. And she comes home and she says, yeah, I mean, Brad's mom set me down, she's Dating a Brad. She has to date a brad in this scenario. She's dating to Brad. Oh, I already have feelings about this. She, and She says, oh my gosh, Brad's mom, you know what, you're not the mom, you're the dad. You may feel differently. Brad's mom sat me down and told me like, the way you've been feeding us gluten-free, all this stuff is actually really harmful and I actually need gluten and dairy and all of this that you've, you've deprived me of dad.


So I, I like, because of this Brad's ma mom, like I'm choosing to say, would you, I'd be like, Brad's mom, what the heck? Stop teaching Mia about, I'm trying to put myself in a place where there's a contentious argument about gluten. I'm trying to, To put in my world, do an example. I'm try and put it in your world. Yeah. I mean, I think as an adult I would have an adult conversation with the other adult and come to a compromise. Okay. So you would reach out to Brad's mom and be like, Hey, okay. So that's what I'm saying, like the blurred line with Jennifer and this girl who's not her daughter use it overstepping boundaries. Is it parenting another person's child when the girl isn't asking? Sure. You know what I mean?


Yeah. And it's not a fiance, it's just a girlfriend. That's Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like future mother-in-laws give unsolicited advice all the time. It's just a part of being a potential future mother-in-law, you know? I guess So. I don't Know. They may never get along. I'm So glad you call Jennifer, because that's a really, it's a, it's an interesting scenario to be thinking about for sure. Yeah. I would love to hear from, from the girlfriend's parents, but I also, and I'm thinking about little Charles now, my son, like if he was Yes. Dating a girl and she was gonna go, I would be like, y'all don't do like stop. No, no. Like I would feel that, you know, that tension. Oh, I'd feel the Way Too of like, you're about to enter into something really hard that you don't have to enter into right now. Like, you know? Yes. Because the damage hasn't been done yet. That's right. So we're going like, we can prevent a lot of this.


Yes. Is there another way? Right. Right. So, and that's, I don't know, did the girlfriend parents save for college at all? Did she just on a whim decide I wanna be an orthodontist one year before going off to college? Yeah. There's a lot of further questioning that we don't have the answer To. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. But yeah, if Mia starts eating gluten and she, We've had that discussion in the camel house, you're like, will she eat gluten one day? I dunno, we don't have it in the house. Or will she get it If she dates a brad? It's Like, it's like she's not drinking in our house. I'll tell you that much. Ooh, that Would've been a better one. If you don't, if you're a family that doesn't drink in the, that, that Would save that one for next time. Yeah, We'll do that next time. Hey, more of your wonderful calls coming up. Always a great conversation. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I'm Jade Warshaw and I wanna talk to you for a quick second about student loan refinancing. If your payment and your interest rate are burying you and you feel like you can't dig out refinancing your student loan debt might make sense. That's because a lower rate could free up more money in your budget, and a shorter term could help you pay down your debt faster. So reach out to the student loan refinancing experts today@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY. There you'll find helpful resources like a student loan rate table, a refinancing calculator, and other tools. Plus you can get an initial rate in just a few minutes. Laurel Road offers low competitive rates starting under 5%, and you can get your interest rate even lower if you sign up for auto pay. But if your situation is more complex, sign up for a free 30 minute consultation with one of their student loan refinancing experts to get your tough questions answered. Listen, not everybody should refinance their student loan, so make sure you run the numbers, but for some people it is the right move. Learn more@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY to find out more about student loan refinancing. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


Hey guys, good news presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Pre-order today,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by bestselling author Rachel Cruz. And we're taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You call in and we'll help you take the right next step with your money and your life. Mike is in DC up next. Mike, how are you doing today? Hey, am doing great thanks. How are you? Doing well. How can we help? Alright, so around August last year, I finally decided to accept the fact that I found myself about, well I'll just tell you, $11,660 in credit card debt. So I decided to put myself on a budget and start paying it off.


Good. I've made about, I've made about $5,486 in payments toward that debt, which Just about was that exact Wow. That was, that was, yeah, that was exact good. And then it leaves me with exactly $6,173 in, in remaining debt to pay. Is that all of Your debt as I'm, yes. Okay. So, and as I'm paying this off, I, I wanna get more aggressive with it, but you know, I'll be honest, I'm, I'm really a little worried about pulling money away from a re a recurring retirement and savings contributions to do it. I just wonder sort of what's your perspective on should I stop, you know, paying my 401k to get that debt paid down as aggressively as possible or should I just continue on?


How old are you, Mike? I'm 32. Okay. What are you contributing right now to retirement? I contribute about $300 a month towards it. What percentage of your income is that? So I make 81,000 a year. So I guess, I don't know, back of the napkin math, I'd say that's probably like 6%. You're saying 300 bucks a month? 300 bucks a pay period. So 600 bucks a month. Oh, okay. Okay. 600 bucks a month. Well, I'll tell you this much.


That's not gonna give you a great retirement anyways. And so our plan is to pause contributions to retirement so that when you get back to investing, you're investing 15% consistently without fail for the next decade or two. Okay. Until you get your house paid off and then you can invest even more. And so that's the, the purpose of us telling people to pause the 401k is twofold. Number one, it actually frees up the 600 bucks a month that can now go toward the credit card. Right? Right. And number two, it lights a fire under your butt to get at a debt faster because you desperately want to get back to investing, don't you? Yes. And the problem right now is you're a little bit comfortable, like yeah, you wanna get outta debt, but you also wanna invest and you know, nothing's on fire.


And I like the, the fire that is created when you pause the investing, it tells your own body, this is serious, we need to get outta this debt ASAP because I want to build wealth and stop paying for the past. What is the debt of the interest rate on these credit cards? Well, I actually was able to consolidate my debt into a 0% card. So I had some high interest debt that I've already paid off. And the debt that remains is one singles, one single amount on a 0% card. And that 0% goes until March next year.


Okay. So how quickly can you pay off if you pause investing, you got the extra 600 bucks back, you got six grand left on the credit card, you're making 81. How quickly can you pay this off if you do all of that? Probably seven to eight months. Let's call it six months. Okay. How would you like to be debt free in six months? Do you have any money in savings? Yes, I do. I've got, I've about, I've got three grand in a brokerage, 70 in retirement, and 1500 in my emergency fund. Okay, so you got 4,500 in liquid cash right now? Yes. Well, you could, you could lower this, I mean more than half today if you wanted to, if you wanted to keep a thousand dollars emergency fund and then throw the brokerage account and $500 that's in your emergency funds at this debt, then you're down to, you know, 2,600 bucks.


600. Yeah. And if you pause investing now you have an extra 600, this thing's done in like two or three months, dude, It's done like really soon. And then just build your emergency fund back up for a few months and throw some cash in there to get that back up. And then I would Yeah, by The end of the year you'll be investing 15%. Yeah. You'll have almost tripled your investing. Do you see the excitement that we have as to why this plan works? Yes, I do. And I think I just needed to hear somebody tell me it was okay because, you know, I'm just very wary of, of liquidating that extra cash. But I, I totally see what you're saying. Yeah. And Mike and the, and the reality is too, you know, people kind of are like, oh, a thousand dollars emergency fund, these RAMSEY people are crazy.


But here's the truth. If a, if a larger emergency fund or a larger emergency comes up, usually you don't have to pay for that. Like today, usually you can say, okay, I have two to three weeks, I gotta come up with some cash with my emergency fund and figure out how to pay this. You know, you'll pause it at snowball and figure it out. But the problem is, is that people try to do kind of what you're doing, Mike six different things at once. Or they try to go and build up this big emergency fund before they get outta debt and they never even get to getting outta debt. 'cause they spend so much time with just the savings portion to feel comfortable. And there's really never a number that you're like, okay, now I feel good that I can go pay off debt. It's kind of this idea immediately when you become, when you become debt free, you're, when we say your largest wealth building tool, it's your income, it all comes back to you.


And, and it's an amazing thing when you say, okay, all these credit cards are gone. There's no bank in my life left. And now I get to decide what to do with my income. And you're able that much faster than to build up a emergency fund to three to six months of expenses was, which is what we want you to do. We don't want you to stay at a thousand dollars forever, but for you, Mike, you're only gonna stay there for like two months, month and a half. Right? I mean, like, it, it'll be so fast that you're gonna be fine. Okay. Alright. So I think I, I think I know what I need to do, Boo. Yeah, another one bites the dust, Rachel. We did it. Mike's on the path. All Right. Let's see if we can help Jordan out in Boise. Up next.


Jordan, what's happening? Hi. So my wife and I, we've been married about six months and we're just now starting baby step one. We're working towards getting a a thousand dollars in the savings account. Awesome. And we, we just feel really overwhelmed. So we had to move to Boise for my job and the housing market is awful here. And we only have about $6,000 in student loans left. And then probably at about another 4,000 because of a medical emergency that happened with the er. Okay. So you got 10 K in debt. 10 K in debt. Right. So I, I've separated those 'cause we're not getting interest on the, on the hospital.


It's just a payment plan. Okay. And so yeah, just this idea of, you know, once we get to that point, by the time we get to, you know, 20% down on a minimum of a $400,000 house, which is not like, that's the lowest I've ever seen it in Boise. I just, it just seems impossible to buy a house. Well, you're not gonna buy a house now, Jordan, you guys are broke. You don't even have a thousand dollars right. In a savings. No. Yeah. So Exactly. I'm saying Years. It's gonna be Years. Yeah. So it's not a 20% down payment. That's a suggested amount. You can go down to five for a first time home buyer. So 5%. And by the time you guys do all of this, how much do you guys make a year Together?


We make about 66,000 before taxes. Okay. So yeah, by the time you guys pay off $10,000 of debt and get a fully funded emergency fund of three to six months of expenses, it's gonna be, I mean, 18, 24, 3 years, you know, till that happens. And honestly, Jordan, it's gonna be a whole new world. We got an election year, who knows what interest rates are gonna do. Like, we don't know what's gonna be going on, but we would still stick with that at least 5% down idea. And I just don't believe that the lowest house you can find as a $400,000 house in Boise. I don't believe that. Well, you know why? 'cause I live in Nashville and it's the hottest market right now. And my husband, him, I mean, he just went and, and you know, we, we were doing the investment real estate right now and he got like a great $200,000 house.


Yeah. It's a two bedroom, one bath. They're flipping it in a, in a, a place outside of Nashville. So I just, I I just don't believe the $400,000 I get that Housing is, well, I debunked it, Rachel, I'm literally on realtor.com right now. What? What at least 30 houses that are beautiful. Three bedroom single family homes. Okay. Under 400. All Right, Jordan, let's, So you can do this, man, You sound a little like us when we get dramatic sometimes Focus on one thing at a time. It's never Gonna happen. It's gonna happen. Jordan, get your income up and you'll get There. Calm down. You've been married six months. You guys just, you guys just be patient and in three years it's a whole new world. And hopefully there'll still be these wonderful houses in Boise that I'm looking at right now on Georgia's Computer. It's not in the constitution that newlyweds have to own a home. So I hope that frees you, Jordan, thanks for the call.


This is The Ramsey Show. I talk to people every day who want to know how to do better in two areas, money and relationships. That's why I am pumped to bring the money and relationships tour to a city near you. Join me and Dr. John Delony for a night that will challenge the way you think about this stuff and possibly change how you live forever. Starting April 21st will be in Louisville, then onto Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour before they're gone.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by why refi? If you are struggling with defaulted private student loans, why refi offers a great solution to get you back on track for a low fixed rate and more flexibility? Go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That is the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in Allstate.


Today's question comes from Alexis in Tennessee. We recently received credit cards in the mail from my son and daughter who are both under the age of 12. When I showed them to my husband, he responded that he had taken them out in our children's names to help them establish a credit score before they became adults. We have followed your principles for years. So I was shocked that he did this without talking to me about it. How should I handle this situation? This feels like there's a, there's a tinge of financial infidelity here behind her back opened up credit cards and the Kids' names. So we weird to Yes. And, and not, and not mention it. And the way that you're, when you said, you know, we've followed the principles from year for years, if I'm assuming that means you guys are on the same page, you're talking about money.


I mean, there's some couples that, you know, they don't know what the other one's doing. But if you are following a level of RAMSEY, and that means you are, you know, connected and you're talking about money. So the fact that he didn't bring it up, that feels, that feels very off to me very often. Yeah. And and the fact he opened up credit cards in your kids' names. Well, I'm Guessing he, it's in his name and they got cards with their names on it as authorized users. Yeah. Because if you take out a cr Yeah. A a a line of credit for a child, right. I mean you, you, It's a trend because of these TikTok videos where they go, Hey parents, here's a life hack for you. Add your kids as authorized users and they can take your credit score when they're 18 and have great credit so they can go get some more debt.


Yep. Well, and what we've heard too is people calling the show saying, yeah, my parents took out debt in my name to build up a good credit score and then they ended up destroyed my credit. Yeah. Destroyed the credit because they couldn't handle it. And so you're just like, oh, it's, yeah. And, and it gets to be a fine line too of identity theft. I'm like, if you're, you know what I mean? Like, it's kind of to a point of like, there Was no consent here. I Mean Yeah. So it's, I I don't like it. Oh yeah, yeah. I don't like playing the game. And so Yeah. But a lot of it is a TikTok trend. Yeah. There's a, we have an article here related to this. Parents are gaming their kids credit scores and it's around the same idea of stories of people who had their parents add them as authorized users. There's some hoarder stories in there, there's some explanation. But it says many are taking advantage of these tools.


A 2019 poll commissioned by credit cards.com. That's perfect. 8% of roughly 1500 American parents surveyed said that at least one of their minor children had a credit card, presumably through authorized usership because kids under 18 can't get their own card. And TransUnion data showed that nearly 700,000, 22 to 24 year olds had authorized user accounts. Oh, Dang. Yeah. So, and here's the thing, the, I don't think these are terrible people. They're just well-meaning parents who have fallen for the system Yes. Who go, well this is the path they gotta have the credit score. 'cause otherwise how are they gonna rent an apartment? And how are they gonna travel? And they can't book airlines without, and I'm going, have you ever tried a different route?


You don't need to do all this gyration to live your financial life. Yes. There's so much more freedom you guys, when you're not chasing the credit score. You can live life without a credit score. You can do everything you just said without a credit score. It is possible you can even get a house through manual underwriting without a credit score. And so, yeah, I think, like you said, it's good intentions. Them going in saying, I'm gonna try to set my kids up, but you're falling right into the system that gets so many people, millions of people stuck and in that wheel of debt. And it's like, it's not worth it. It's not worth playing the game. And then let alone having enemy level of risk for another human being of their financial wellbeing. That if you screw this up, it doesn't just hurt you, it's hurting your kids. Then at that point, I mean, so it's just, it, it's a mess.


It's Bon it is absolutely bonkers. And I cover this in my book, breaking Free from Broke. I have a whole chapter on credit scores, a whole chapter on credit cards. And I unpack how to live life outside of the system. And it's not as complicated or as difficult as people would have you believe? Yes. In fact, it's way more peaceful. It's way more simple. I don't have 16 cards to manage to try to get the rotating cash back rewards. I have a debit card and I use it and it has my money on it. And when that money's gone, it is gone. You Know, it's funny, George, I feel like when things are less complicated, they feel less sophisticated. Right? Ooh. Yeah. Everyone's like, oh, but that's the Point. I can't be the smartest way. Yeah. Yeah. There's gotta be so many other hoops to jump through. And you can live your life that way financially you can, but you're gonna be exhausted.


You're gonna be exhausted again with a system that is set up to screw you. Like that's what it is. It's not there to free you and for you to be financially free. They want you in the system 'cause they make so much money off of you. But when you exit out of the system and you're like, you know what, I'm gonna live with a de with a debit card, with cash. We're gonna save up and pay for things and we're not gonna sit here and try to play the industry's games over and over and over and over and over and over. What is sophisticated is peace. It is. I'm like, there's just that level there that is, it is so much worth it than the mental dance and gymnastics that you have to play. So Here's a play the game. Here's a wild concept. What if as a parent you taught your kids how to manage money instead of managing debt? That's all a credit score is, is how well you've managed debt. Yeah. Doesn't reflect how much money you have in the bank doesn't reflect your income.


It just reflects your relationship with the lender. And so that's, that's how I'm aiming with my kid. I'm going, they're not gonna, they're gonna look at people with credit scores and credit cards going, why are they doing all that work, dad? And I'm like, I don't know. America's, it's crazy. Lost our minds. It's Crazy out there. Oh man. Yeah. Parents don't take credit cards out and don't be an authorized user. I Don't say, don't you follow our principles for years while you still clearly have credit cards. You don't get to pick and choose. Yeah. This isn't a buffet. This Isn't a buffet. Get outta here. Get outta here. All Right. Let's go to Shane in St. Paul. Hi Shane. Welcome to the show. Thanks Rachel for taking my call. How are you today? We are doing great. Glad you called in.


How can we help? Thank you. Well, I'm a relatively new listener. We're on baby step number two. And my question is, we have probably about $17,500 in credit card debt. Okay. And a couple of other small loans. And we have some money set aside. And I was wondering, is there any way that you can deviate from that snowball plan? Tell me meaning Yeah. Yeah. Why would you want to, what's the, what's, what are the numbers you're seeing Shane? Because it usually comes down to numbers. Okay. Basically the biggest one we have is we have a, a credit card with a high interest rate that has a balance of about 10,000.


Okay. How much, what's the interest rate on that credit? It's like 18.5% I think. Okay. And then we have another credit card with the balance of 7,500 and that interest rate is, is 9.9%. And then we have a kind of like a small home improvement loan with a balance of like $350 that we have to pay off. And then I have a work loan that I got through my work with, with 0% interest and I have a balance of like $800 on that.


Okay. And how much do you guys have saved? Well, we just got our taxes back and, and So we have about 14,500. Amazing. Amazing. Oh my gosh. So the math doesn't matter that much 'cause you've just knocked out all the debts, but the last credit card Yeah. In this scenario. Right. So my, I guess my question is, you know, would, would it make sense to pay off at the highest one, the $10,000 first and then pay the two small loans and then whatever's left pay on that last credit card? No, I mean, listen, if you're doing the math, I understand what you're saying 'cause of the interest rate and what we always talk about on this show, Shane, and what you're gonna start to realize is that personal finance and winning with money is so much more about your behavior than it is about math.


And so if we were all, you know, chasing math, we wouldn't be in debt in the first place. Right. So it's not a math problem, it really is us winning. And so the fact that you do have a, a bulk of money, which is absolutely amazing what that does to me. That just that jumpstart, I mean, tonight you could have that $800 paid off that 350, I mean those are just like ankle biters, right? You're just like, you just need to get in there and just get 'em done with, and then to pay off a $7,500 credit card in full and it be completely done, like, And knock the next debt down to probably around six grand, All or four grand. That's Right. You Have's extra Have almost six grand to throw at the 10 K debt. So you'd be down to about $4,000 left.


So the 18% interest, the way you're gonna attack this thing, it's not gonna amount to much Because it's, you're not gonna be in debt chain that much longer. I mean, when you're looking from a math standpoint, you guys can take on extra jobs and get that paid off in in two months. You know, You throw a thousand bucks a month at this thing, it's gone in four months. Yeah. So It's, it, it's gonna be so quick that the math at that point doesn't matter. But I'm excited for you. You said you're a new caller, so I'm so glad that you're Woo joining in and and Using that refund for good instead of a vacation because you Deserved it. Amen. Well done Shane. Well done. Well thanks to all the men and women in the booth making this show happen. George, thank you. Thanks to our great audience here in Nashville, Tennessee, and thank you America. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing. Bad a boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.