
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau number one, bestselling author, Ramsey Personality. My co-host today, Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. Kurt starts us in New Jersey. Hey Kurt. What's up? Hi. How's it going? Dave. Better than I deserve man. How can I help? I have a little bit of a business question. So I have 57 K in personal debt.


I started my business less than a year ago, but I am, I've been pulling out everything that I make from the business, all my profits in order to pay off my personal debt. I have no business debt. I was just kind of wondering, I feel like I'm not able to grow the business because I don't have retained earnings. I don't feel comfortable hiring somebody without retained earnings. And, I. I was wondering too, if I should keep some retained earnings just to maintain overhead. What would you suggest in terms of how I should go about that? Ooh, yeah. I would, I would, you know, you can, what, what, how much have you pulled out of the business in a year? What are you making? So, year to date, I made about 80 k.


Way to go. That's great. I would say my profit margin is about 80% Good for you. I've been pulling out everything. Cool. A little bit of a tidbit too is I have a four week old right now, so Oh wow. That's fun. Congratulations. What, what kind of business did you open? Physical therapy? I'm a physical therapist. Oh, wow. Good for you. Yeah. Okay. What we teach in entree leadership is that you pay yourself a living wage or you pay yourself a salary, an amount that you're comfortable with, that you can make progress on the, the goals at home, which would include debt. You don't have any debt at the business. So you could just say, I'm gonna take a percentage of profit, 10%, 15%, 20%, something like that, and every month and hold that as retained earnings and take everything else home.


And that way your retained earnings grow as fast as your, they grow as a percentage of profits. So as your profits grow, your retained earnings grow. Okay. Yeah, that makes me feel a lot more comfortable then. Yeah. I mean, if you had 8,000 bucks laying over there 'cause you did 10% or you had 16,000 laying over there 'cause you did 20%, you'd be in really, really good shape. Yeah. So then it's definitely more than the 1000 that would keep in for Exactly. The Security fund. Exactly. This is the different formula because it's business that we're dealing with. But yeah, that's what we teach entree leaders. It's what we do at Ramsey and we laughingly call it the Sharon Fund because I was draining everything outta here and then griping about cash flow problems all the time.


And Sharon's like, well you, you, you're not even doing what you teach. You don't have an emergency fund, you goober, you're a hypocrite. Mm. And I'm like, oh God. Yeah, she's right. Again. So we call it the Sharon Fund when we first started doing it. And so, you know, it's, it's, we've been taking a percentage of profits from day, from the day that I discovered that my wife was brilliant, you know, owned. So, Yeah. Well when Sam And I started our business, it was a similar thing. We had, we still had about 240 some odd thousand dollars that we were paying off And I mean we drained all the profit to pay it off. And the, the most painful part was, you know, you're taking this payroll and then you're turning around paying taxes on it. Yep. And then you're using it to pay off all this debt and, but for us it felt a little different because it was just the two of us at the time.


We had very low overhead. There wasn't a lot of risk involved and so, You know. Yeah. And make sure whatever you're taking home that you're withholding on it. Yeah. So that you can do your quarterly estimates. Yeah. You don't wanna get behind with the kgb, I mean the IRS. Yeah. No. Yeah, yeah. Definitely. Yeah. Okay. So as long as you're doing that. Yeah. I just take, pick a percentage, I don't care. My recommendation would be 10 to 20, somewhere in that range of, of net profits. And each month when you close your books go boop. Gonna set that aside over here, take everything else home and attack the 57 and get done with it and you know, be able to buy diapers for the four week old. Yeah. Everything works. Very cool. Good stuff man. Congratulations. Sound like you got it going. I'm proud of you.


Allen's in Fort Worth. Hey Alan, how are you? Oh, I'm doing well sir. Thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? Well, so here's the detail. So my wife And I, were in baby step two and we're just trying to figure out when does it make sense to pause baby step two in order to save for a beater car? Yeah. What are you talking about? Why, why you don't have a car or what's the situation? So the situation is we're, I have a car now, got a big, well, not a big loan on it, it's $24,000. And you know, we're, I guess we're trying to do the whole gazelle and intense thing and I'm just thinking well, oh, Oh, if you got a feeder, you'd sell the 24?


Yes sir. Okay. What do, what's your household income that Well, so all said, so about 6,000 a month for my primary job, have a secondary job. I get maybe 500 a month and then VA disability. So around 7,500 a month is my take home. Okay. Alright. And so you have that car and it's worth, is it worth around the 24 or what's it worth? It is. So it's looks at Kelly Blue Book and right now I, it looks like it's selling for about 22 5, but Okay. What's the other car? That, that's it, that's all. I mean that's, that's my car. You have one car?


I'm sorry? We have another car, which is my Wife. What's the other car? Honda Civic. Okay. What's it worth? Well that one's like eight, probably worth 8,000. Okay. It's an older car. Yeah. There's Two rules of thumb we use when someone asks this question. number one, don't have vehicles ever in your life that have motors and wheels, anything with a motor or wheel added together that equal more than about half your annual income. 'cause you have too much tied up in things going down in value. Agreed. You're not violating that one. Okay. Okay. And the second one is, can we be debt free? Everything with the house in around two years. So we know we got 24 in debt. What other debt have you got? About 3000 in credit card debt. And that's, that's all the debt.


You like the car? It is a good car. I mean, Then pay it off. Okay. You can be debt free inside of two years easy. Probably about 18 months or less. You're making 90. We need to pay off 25 grand, 26 grand. Sure you can do that. Okay. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. Alright, so yeah, so you can do it inside of two years and the total is less than half your annual income. That's the two tests that we use the means test, if you will, to do that. And folks, lemme I tell you that's not a I biblical thing in terms of it's not in the Bible 'cause Yeah, I mean it's a rule of thumb.


The only thing that's in the Bible is the Honda Accord. 'cause Jesus said they were all in one accord, but, but other than none of the rest of 'em are in the Bible. So you just add it all up. And the problem is that we all in America love cars. Some people love cars 'cause they're a redneck like me and they want a muffler. Some people like a battery called a Tesla. Some people like, like Rachel and George, they wanna catch fire to themselves and, and then spontaneously a bust like my wife likes a a nice car 'cause she thinks it's a large purse. And so, but that, you know, we like cars in America. Yeah. And the stupid things go down in value. And when you take 60 or $70,000 and you turn it into $10,000, this is not a wealth building methodology.


And, and it's the largest thing Americans buy that goes down in value because you are what you drive. That's in America's, it's such an identity piece. And man, it's, I never thought about that. George's a battery. You are what you drive. Yeah. I'm a loud muffler. So who knew? That's funny. Yeah. But the, my neighbor said the day he goes, I know when you go to work. So how do you know when I go to work? He goes, I can hear it. You're so that's who I'm hearing driving, driving down the road. Oh, my gosh. Good to know. Once a redneck, always a redneck. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz here to tell you about a faith-based alternative to health insurance that can make healthcare more affordable. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM allows members to share each other's healthcare costs. And it's as easy as 1, 2, 3, step one, choose the healthcare provider you want. Step two, submit your eligible bills. And step three, get reimbursed. CHM members take care of your eligible medical bills with no network and the freedom to choose your healthcare provider. CH HM is the best option for Christians who wanna take care of their families and help other believers Find out more at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Jade washau Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us guys. We appreciate you being with us.


Hey, the best way to get a sense of power, a sense of dignity, a sense of sustainability with your money is by telling it what to do instead of wondering where it went. It's called a budget. And when you write down or you use EveryDollar of the budgeting app and have a plan for your money every month, you'll feel like you got a raise because you've been wasting so much with disorganization and chaos. Me too. I used to do that too. I know exactly how it feels. And, I've done financial coaching and counseling for 35 years and almost, and Jade has too, not for 35 years, but she's done a bunch of it. And almost every time we sit down with someone, Jade, and they do their budget, they have this aha moment, like, wow, I've got some money. Yep. It's a big deal. So check out the EveryDollar app for your budgeting. It's the world's best budgeting app for sure. It's free in the app store or Google Play. And you can go to EveryDollar dot com and get it there as well. So check it out. We've got tens of millions of people, tens of millions of people using this every day. It's pretty cool. So thank you guys that are using it. We're glad it's helpful to you. That's what we wanna be is helpful and just, man, pretty incredible.


Andrew is with us in Lexington, Kentucky. Hi Andrew, how are you? Hi Dave, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Hey, so how do I pay off my debt if a good portion over half of my income goes to child support and taxes? How many kids do you have? I have three total. Two are on child support. Well, if you have kids you do have to pay for 'em. And so that's just part of, I think that's part of normal life. If you have kids in a family, same thing with the taxes. And so in this case, it's really just about the math, right?


If you want to go faster, usually the solution is you gotta bring in more income and more money. so what do you bringing in right now? I I average about gross, probably about over three, but I only bring in probably about maybe 12 to 15 A month. Yes, 1500 a month. Okay. Something is wrong with that because in Kentucky, two children child support's 25%. Well I have two from two separate moms. Okay.


Oh, so you got 20% each. The one, my daughter, when we went to court and stuff, they did not properly send me paperwork. And the lawyer I had at the time before I found a different lawyer was not in contact with the child support office. So, I ended up missing that court date. So they went for max of what they could, even with my other custody or child support that I have. Okay.


Well, I mean there's two things we can do here to work on this understanding that what Jade said is proper And I. Assume you agree with that, that you need to pay for your kids. Yes. There's no question about that. Yeah, but how am I, how can I mathematically make this work? So there is a legal amount in every state. I do not know if it's two children from two different people if it changes it. But the max in Kentucky's 25% for two kids. Okay. And if you're being charged more than that, you can go back before child services, back before the judge and have it set up properly. And so make sure you're getting charged the right amount and that you're doing that willingly and gladly because you're a good man and you wanna take care of your kids.


Okay? But if you've got, if you're being overcharged because of a screw up, we'll go back and have the screw up fixed. It's not, it's not ever, it's not chiseled in stone. You just gotta get back before the judge and go, your honor, here's what I've got. Here's my budget. Help me with this. Tell me what I'm supposed to do. I'm not trying to dodge here, but I'm also can't breathe and So I, you know, I wanna sit down and look at that. And so you've gotta get back and, and reset this to what it should legally and for that matter morally be. Then the other side of the equation is what Jade said. And let's start talking about how we can increase your income. What can you do instead of making 3000 a month to make 6,000 a month? And that may be side hustles, it may be career change, it may be something different.


But one of the things we see, Andrew, often, it's almost every single debt free scream that comes in here and is on the stage, had an increase in income during the time they're getting out of debt. It's vital. 'cause the, the two things that you can do is you can cut expenses or, or, and you can increase your income. So there comes a point where you can only cut expenses so much and then you say, okay, what else can I do? And then it's, I, okay, I'm increasing my income, I'm picking up a side hustle, I'm taking overtime. Anything that will pay me that is legal and moral, I'm gonna do that to get money. Serious money. Yeah. I mean we had a young lady in her twenties that paid off doing a debt free scream that just, just the other day that Yeah.


Were you on with me? Yes. I will never forget. Attended bar, $9,000 a month. Single mom. Yep. Bartending, beating alcoholism. Yeah. And doing 75 hard at the same time. Yeah. Rock star and, and you know, $9,000 a month away, but she's working 12 hour days at the bar. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And that's hard work by the way, if you didn't know. So wow. So I, I'm not, I don't know Andrew, but Jade's right. There's only two ends of the equation. I'd work both of 'em. And that's be paying the proper amount of child support by the law. And if you need to do a, an appearance before the judge in order to get that fixed, that's, there's nothing wrong with that.


And then, and then increase your income, you know, lower your expenses, increase your income. And that's what we're doing. So, good question, sir. We appreciate you joining us. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. I will tell you this something he brought up, we hear a lot and not necessarily exactly the way that he said it or And I don't know his exact situation. But here's the thing. If you know there is a thing out there coming at you, you have a former landlord that says you owe them money, that's a thing that's laying out there.


You have a repossessed car, it's a thing that's laying out there. They're gonna come at you. You've got an old credit card from five years ago. You've not paid it. They've not called you, but you've done nothing about it. It's coming at you. You're going through a divorce and you know, when you go through a divorce and you have children 100% of the time there's a child support meeting that's coming at you when you know these things are coming at you. One of the things I've observed is that if you don't go headlong into it and face it and handle it before it comes to you, it costs you twice as much.


If you wait till the former landlord sues you. If you wait till the old credit card pops up, it's gonna pop up right about the time you're trying to buy a house or something. Yeah. Or about the time you're getting engaged or some other kind of crap. These things have a high rate of resurrection. They come back to life. These are debt zombies. Yeah. You gotta be proactive And you, you know, if you don't go find the debt zombie and handle it. So don't, don't tell me Well they didn't tell me about child support. Dude. You knew about child support. You'd go down there and fix it 100% instead. Instead they, they jacked you up 'cause you weren't there. Yeah. Yout wait, wait for somebody else to wander down to court, tell and make sure it was taken care of. Yeah. You gotta wander down there and take care of this stuff, boys and girls, you know?


And it's like, well, I didn't know. I didn't know I had a credit. Yes. You knew you had a credit card debt. You did know that, you know, you weren't that drunk for that long. Eventually you sobered up and go, yeah, I ran the balance up on that thing. You know, I mean, you've got, you do know it happened. And so this stuff, it it, you know, it comes back to life and it's 10 x worse than if you had gone and found it and taken care of it yourself. Absolutely. Don't let these things lay out there in the, in, in the muck because when they come back to life, they're the swamp monster monster. And they're, they're three times more powerful. Just, you know, you've gotta face these things head on.


So when you don't take care of business, business will take care of your butt. That's what I'm saying. This is The Ramsey Show.


Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions that you don't agree with. Yes, that's right. People are unknowingly putting money into big tech giants and household brand names that don't match up with their core values. But there's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Visit timothy plan.com for more information. Timothy plan.com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus if available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foreside Fund Services. LSE.


Jade Washau. Ramsey Personality is my co-host today in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt street free stage. Kevin and Shaban are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Hi Dave. Hi Dave. Great. Welcome. Welcome. Where do you guys live? Cincinnati, Ohio. Wow. Welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you? Two paid off $84,000. Wow. How long did this take? 28 months. Good for You and your range of income during that time? 1 58 to 200. Cool. What do y'all do for a living? I'm in engineering operations. And. I am a stay at home mom. Homeschool my kids. And I've done some side jobs with just like our homeschooling group teaching Good for you.


Well done. What kind of debt was this? 80 4K David was our house. Hey. He paid up your house. Woohoo. Looking at weird people. And we were saying that before the political people were saying it. I'm just saying. All right. Hey guys. Way to go. Congratulations. Thank You. I love it. Exciting. How, what's the house worth? 4 75. Wow. I love it. How old are you? 2 43 Or both? 43. 43. 43-year-old weirdos. Wow. A paid for house. How much in your nest egg in your retirement accounts and so forth? 6 25 Uhoh. Nice baby steps. Millionaires too. Nice. At 43. Boom. Boom. Look at you. How's that feel? It's, I never thought I would be here.


It's amazing. Wow. Life changing. Congratulations. Thank you. Proud of y'all. Excellent. So tell us your story. What was your, I've had it moment. What turned this whole thing around and how'd you get connected to us? I probably connected to you for about a decade. I think our story starts back in 2007. We were just married. I was living, we were living up in Detroit area. And I was working in the automotive industry. And if you remember, 2007, 2008 wasn't a real great time. Yeah. Up in Detroit. The company that I worked for was actually sold to a leveraged buyout company. Mm. Mallon had just been born and May 3rd. And that was the same day we decided we needed to get outta here and we actually put her house on the market The day she was Born. The day she was born. Oh yeah. That's not, Yeah. And We are outta here.


Yes. And the real estate market was awful. It took us five months to sell the house. And I. Still remember to this day we had to write a $20,000 check and bring it to close just to get rid of the house. And it wiped out our life savings. And we looked at each other and it wasn't anything we had done wrong, but we just said, we never want to feel like this again. And it was at that point I was able to get a job in Ohio with, and my parents lived down there and we actually moved in with my parents and lived with our daughter Madeline, for the first year. Just to just to climb back out. Yeah. 'cause we, everything we'd saved for was, was gone. Everything we'd save for was gone. Wow. And and then you end up buying a house. Yes. And said, but we're gonna get it paid off fast. Yep.


Okay, cool. And how, and you were connected to us way back in Detroit. I think I may have started listening to it just a little bit, but then really got connected once we moved to, moved down to, I probably listened to you for over a decade. Okay. So for a long time. For a long time. Wow. Yes. Well, it worked. Your baby steps, millionaire. Thank You. From, from having, from being broke and living in your daddy's basement. Yeah. Oh. my gosh. It was actually upstairs. It wasn't in the basement. Ah, You put him in the basement. Okay. Alright. Either way, I got you the attic. Okay. Yeah. Wow. Congratulations y'all. Thank you. So tell us, what does it look like for a lot of people don't believe that you could pay off your mortgage one day. Right? That's not something people talk about every day unless you're here on The. Ramsey, Network, right? Yep. So, so tell people what does that look like?


What, what, what do you do in order to be able to pay off your mortgage? So it, it was about a couple years ago, Sivan, I mean, Madeline is 17 now and she's, you know, she'll be starting college next year. And, I. Think I was just looking at the, the principal, like the amount, I just started kind of doing the numbers in my math. And I was like, if I really, if we, if we really focus on this, we can get this thing paid off. And it just, just, you had this clarity of thought, like, if we really focus on this, we can get it done. And then you start making the payments and the bonuses and just put it down. It's like, holy cow. It's just unbelievable detraction that you can achieve when you Yeah. You Average three or four grand a month Yep. For 28 months and you were done. Yes. But there's still that intentionality of taking the numbers outta the air. Yep.


Right. And putting them on paper. Putting them in your EveryDollar budget. Yes. Wow. Yeah. So I, I got a feeling I know who the nerd is in the family. And so you came out of your cave with your spreadsheet and what did your wife say? I think fortunately I listened to you long enough that we dreamed together. We had the why. We've had the why conversation for a long time. We talked about what we want our lives to be like when we're older. And so we had that discussion, the why discussion we dreamed in high definition, as you said. Yeah. Early on we talked about traveling and helping our kids pay for school. And the biggest thing for Shavan was we had a really challenging time with Madeline when she was little. She had some health issues. And she said, I want be able to be able to go when my children, when I have my grandchildren, and just stay with them.


Whether it's a week or it's a month or whatever it is that they need. I wanna have that freedom to be able to go help with my grandchildren. That was her, that was one of her dreams. Yeah. And that's called financial independence, so to speak. It's not, you're not independent, you're actually interdependent. But yeah. Wow. Way to go guys. Thank you. Very cool. You guys are heroes. You go, you go from broke to millionaire in 10 years. I mean, that's pretty incredible. It's just one day. I would say it's also one day at a time too. And just staying focused on that and the small things add up too. And being content and realizing that stuff doesn't make you happy.


You know, the other gift that's hidden inside this story is you've got these beautiful kids over here that are living in your home, being homeschooled and they're breathing this air of contentment. They're breathing this air of living on less than we make and they're breathing air that's not in other homes. Mm. And so they can't help but be formed by that. And so if they're ever in their own home and they're not, it doesn't, the air doesn't feel like that, then they know something's wrong. And so it's, you've set a pattern for 'em. Moore's caught than taught. Rachel says, and she's right. So. I. That's a pretty cool thing. It's a pretty cool parenting. They're gonna, they're gonna do what you do.


They're not gonna do what you say. So, pretty impressive. How do you celebrate what happens next? Yeah. What's the big celebration? Big Celebration is actually Mallon's graduating from high school. So we're actually taking a nine day Caribbean cruise. Hey next Man. Yeah, baby. Love that. I like it. Yes. We should do that. Absolutely. Yeah. The year she's born, we sell our house at a loss, move into the attic and the year she graduates, by God we're going on a cruise. I like it. That's right. Yeah. This is, it is a book ending right here, man. It's perfect. It's the way it should be. Well done you guys. Very well done. Alright, bring up the kiddos. Let's meet 'em all in their names and ages please.


Mallon here is 17, right? Nicholas is 12 and Samuel is 14. All right. Very good. Good job. You guys proud of y'all. And I assume they've been practicing their debt-free scream. 'cause their mom and dad are heroes. Yes. They live with weirdos in a debt-free house. Yep. Debt-free millionaires at 42 freaking years old. Amazing. Shut up. This is great. I'm so proud of y'all. You're just amazing. Just amazing. Alright, Kevin and Shaban, Madeline Samuel and Nicholas, Cincinnati, Ohio. 84,000 paid off. That's their house and Everything. Making them baby steps millionaires.


In 28 months, they paid off the house making 1 58 to 200. Count it down. Let's hear a Debt free scream. 3, 3, 2, 2, 1. We I This 10 to 15 year time span. It was 2007. I I So I quoted that wrong. It wasn't 10 years, so it would be 15. Yeah. Years or so. 16 years. That took 'em to turn that it it, when you say I'm gonna become a millionaire, most people think it takes 50 years Your whole life.


Yeah. Yeah. And it's, you know, it's gonna take forever and I'm not gonna have a life and I'll Be 80 by the time I, you Know, I'm gonna live in a cave and collect lint until I'm 92 and old paperclips and whatever else. Right. It's just like, oh God. No. That's not how it works. They're 42, they're going on a nine day cruise to celebrate this. Wow. Okay. So if you're 27 and you're whining about a little bit of sacrifice, shut up and do the work. I Know. Wow. Step up. Seriously, because 40 Is the new 30 I I thought 60 was, but We could do that too.


Apparently green is a new fashion trend. That's right. You're on trend Dave. Good job. I have no idea you And I. Were both dressed to join the army today. And glasses we did. So hey, we're, we're a real team around here. We're more in sync than we realize. Way to go. You guys we're very proud Of it. I gotta give you some of my hair. No Oh man. I'm proud of those people. What neat. What a neat family this is. The Ramsey, Show.


Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one. And replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy. If you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com.


Thanks for joining us America. Jade Waal Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Tony's in Chicago. Hi Tony. Welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hi Dave. Thanks for having me on the show. Sure. What's up? Well, my mother passed away about 18 months ago. She left me and my brother a paid off home, currently valued at 450,000. I'm executor on the house. And. I'm trying to make a decision as to whether sell the house I have to throw my brother out on the street. I let him continue living there. Okay. Well I assume he doesn't have the money to buy your half. He does not. Okay.


I think it's a little dramatic to say throw him out on the street. He's gonna have $200,000 in his pocket when he lands on the street. I feel the same way. Yeah. He So I mean under what, on what planet does he think he gets to live there for free indefinitely? Well, he's been living there for free for about 15 years now. He has an anxiety disorder, which led him to be dependent on Xanax. He does not work. His girlfriend pays all his bills. She's been living there for about nine years. She's a disabled vet who works part-time as a nurse. My mother couldn't have the, the heart to put him out on the street. And then as a Christian, I'm struggling too.


You know, what's the right decision? Okay. I I'm, I'm not sure that supporting or enabling people's inability or unwillingness to deal with their stuff is non-Christian. As a matter of fact, it's non-Christian to enable them to sit in the sewage that we call their life right now. I would loving them, well would require them to deal with their stuff and build a sustainable life and dignity. Right. That would be an act of love. Does that sound right? Yes. It's, I agree. A Christian, The definition of Christian is not wimp.


It's not doormat. It's kind, but it's also strong and it's acting in others' best interests. so what is best for your brother is for him to heal. Right. To seek counsel and deal with the anxiety and get off the drugs and, you know, you know, 'cause the way you stated this, you don't believe that you believe he's escaping reality rather than dealing with and getting better. That's what the way I, that's what I heard you saying. Did I miss something? No, I I I think you're saying it correctly. Yeah. And, and that's your, that's your viewpoint on it.


And so the, if this is my friend or my brother, loving them well would be helping them do better in their life. Not giving them a cocoon to continue to retreat down into a hole. Right. So that, see that's what enabling your mom was an enabler. Right. And sweet. All enablers are nice people. They're all, they're the nicest people on the planet. 'cause they don't wanna do anything that causes conflict or raises an eyebrow. So, gosh, I, you know, I guess you've got two options. One is you do have to deal with this lovingly and help him get better and sit down with him and the parasite that moved in with him.


Yeah. And the, because he attracted that with his life. That's what his life attracted and, you know, help them deal with it and help them see a path of what they could do with the money from the house or just deed it to him and walk away. Right. Which is honestly cowardice. Yeah. Do you need the money? It's a lot of money. I definitely need the money. Yeah. Yes I do. Yes. Yeah. I mean, there is a practical nature to this as well, which is just because he lived in the house for 15 years, doesn't make it, it wasn't his Right. It's not His house. It wasn't his house.


It not his house. And now you have ownership of it and there's nothing wrong with you saying, Hey, can you please, this is $200,000 at you're holding hostage And I really need access to that. And there's nothing wrong with, with saying that. And to Dave's point, you're not putting him on the street. He's coming away with a couple hundred thousand dollars, which is a nice chunk of change. And Where, where, where is the house? Where's the house in, in Niles? Just outside of Chicago. Oh, In Chicago area. Okay. Yeah, Chicago area. Are you in that area as well, right? Yes. Okay. Well, are you married? No, I am divorced. Okay. Okay.


I'm just looking for the dy what the dynamics are. So Sure. Is there anyone in you and your brother's life that could sit with the two of you while you work on this that could help kind of navigate through all the emotion? Well, I haven't talked to my brother in probably five months. Okay. So this makes it even more difficult. He's, he's basically just cut everybody off in his life. Okay. Alright. I, I would call him and And, I would go over there and you're, it's half your house. Okay. And say, we need to have a cup of coffee, And, I love you And I want to be kind to you.


And we've got to talk about what we're going to do here because I can tell you this, one of the options is not, this is you talking to your brother if it's me. Okay. You gotta love him well enough to be strong and kind and just, honey, one of the options is not you stay here free the rest of your life. That's not an option. I am the executor of the estate and legally that gives me the power to evict you. And so you, And I can do this together nicely and we can figure out a way to get the house sold. Or if you've got money that I don't know about, you can buy me out, I don't care. But I'm not going to sit here and do nothing and you aren't either, because I'm going to force you to do these other things.


So I, I really want to do this in a way that you, And I work together and we can be friends the rest of our life. And, but that's gonna be up to you. Okay. One more. That's what I'm telling him. It's up to him how he reacts to this situation because his set of assumptions are completely immoral, unethical, and unreasonable. Correct. And, and so he, he, he can choose to react and act like you're doing something wrong, but you're not. And you have to go in knowing that. And, and it, so let me just tell you. So you go over there, the whole thing blows up. He has a fit. Acts like a 4-year-old says, get outta here, I'm gonna shoot you.


Then you say, all right, here's what we're gonna do. You're gonna be getting a letter from the attorney, and the attorney's gonna be telling you that you have 30 days to move. And after that we're going to evict you. And after that, I'm going to sell the house. And I will still send you your half of the house once it's sold, but you are leaving and you chose poorly on how to react to this, it's still going down, honey. And then just walk off and go get a lawyer. Okay? Because That's probably what's gonna happen. Am I right? I am, I'm, I'm really taking this to heart. The the other thing in the, in the interim, my father has gone ahead and he's taken $1,400 a month from his future inheritance.


And he's given that to me as rent. And he says, well, as long as your brother's in there, he says, you're gonna keep getting $1,400 a month. And that'll go over to your inheritance. But you know, Dave as well as I know, we don't have the crystal ball, that money could easily disappear down the road. We don't know. I I don't like that. So your father also is an enabler, he's covering for him too. Am I understanding that right? I think he was just feeling bad for me and just the Oh no, you feeling bad for you? Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, It's both because he's saying, I'm essentially paying your brother's rent and if you let me pay rent to you, then you can let him stay in the house.


It's, it's very twisted all of it. I mean, I don't have to tell you that, that it's unhealthy un you know, an un unhealthy dynamic. I would rather him give your brother 1400 to help him get counseling and go to a CE rehab center and get or go inpatient treatment and get some help with the anxiety disorder so he can become sustainable and healed. I'd rather him use the money for that and, and, and let the lady who lives there as family take care of her and you, your dad to help take care of your brother. And if you wanna use some of the money from the house to take care of him, if he's moving in positive steps, I'd be willing to do that if I were you. But I'm not willing to sit here and cause this dysfunction to happen to me.


It is not good for anyone in the story. No one in the story is winning. Correct. No one in the story is gonna have a better life because of this. So it just requires proactivity on your part. And I'm sorry, but it's gonna be, you got a year of emotional hell ahead of you. You're gonna get called everything in the book before this is over. I'm sorry. Pick up Dr. Henry Cloud's book boundaries. You'll read it and you'll go, oh, there's my family. This is The Ramsey Show. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into.


Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Jade Boshaw. Ramsey Personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today.


Thank you for joining us America Open Phones here at eight eight eight two five five two two five. The call is free and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. Scott is in Baltimore. Hi Scott, welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Good afternoon Dave and Jade. how are you doing today? Better Than we deserve. What's up? So I'm a 50-year-old, 58-year-old single guy, getting tired of working. I'm trying to get to retirement, but I don't have really anything saved. Hmm. I need to know how I should, what I should do to get there. Okay.


What do you make? 75 year? What do you do? I'm a trim carpenter. I trim high-end houses. Mm. And build some custom cabinets as well. Okay. Do You have any debt? I've got about $25,000 worth of a mortgage and a 20,000 auto loan. Okay, Good. Okay. Alright. Why have you saved no money? I was, I was married to a spender and at the age of 50 got divorced. And I walked away with $0.


That was eight years ago. So ago. Why have you saved no money in the last eight years? Well, getting back on my feet, I ended up buying a house. I, that's where the mortgage comes in. I got $25,000 left on that. So is that where your extra money was going? Paying down that mortgage? What did it start as paying Down? Yeah, paying down the mortgage. And, I. It was a bank owned property. I got it for a song in a great neighborhood. I put a fair amount of money into it and that's where, that's where most of my money went. So, So the, okay.


All right. So and, and you bought a truck? No, I have, it's, it's my, I have a truck that's paid for Oh, what's the 20,000 vehicle? I know you're into cars. Dave. It's not a car, it's a motorcycle. It's a Harley Davidson. Oh, Okay. Oh, well we gotta get rid of that. I knew that was the first thing you were gonna tell me to get rid of. Yeah, it's gone. So I. If you want to, if you wanna save money, I mean, we have, we can't keep doing what we've been doing. Okay. You have a $20,000, right. You almost owe as much on your motorcycle as you do on your house. That's weird. Yeah. You know, I mean really so that, you know, you did so good on the house and so poorly on the motorcycle, so that was a weak moment.


I'm sure it's a great bike. I'm sure it's a great bike, but Oh, it's, it's gone. It's somebody else's great bike now and Okay. 'cause we need you to, and then, you know, what I would say is let's get on an EveryDollar budget and build an emergency fund first of three to six months of expenses and then pick up every extra job you can get. And let's pretend that you saved $10,000. Let's pretend you saved $24,000, $2,000 a month, 24,000 per year for 10 years. That'd be 240,000 plus growth. It'd be a half a million dollars. Okay.


Okay. And you're 67 and you'd have a half million dollars in a paid for house. Okay. I do have about $23,000 in cash. Okay. Well then you got your emergency fund In place. So, I do have that. That's great. I do have the emergency fund, right. Yeah. I also, I've got a, a term life insurance policy that I'm, it's a hundred dollars a month for half million dollars. should I keep that or is there a way to convert that to something else? It doesn't convert. It's just like, I have homeowner's insurance, And, I, don't have a home anymore. Do I need it? You know? No you don't because there's no one counting on you it sounds like for your income. No.


Okay. And the house I the house is worth more than you owe on it. Do you have children? I've got three. They're Okay. So if you die, they sell the house and pay the funeral, right? Correct. Okay. Yep. Let it lapse. Yeah. So you, I I would close that out 'cause you need that extra a hundred bucks a month toward our $2,000 a month goal. so what I'm gonna do is sit down and do a budget And. I'm gonna come up with $2,000 a month. I'm gonna sit down with a smart investor pro and I'm gonna fill up Roth IRAs and simple IRAs and whatever else you can do as a self-employed person. The great news is, as a trim carpenter and high-end properties, you are in great demand. You've always had more work than you could take on.


Right. And so if you want to jack it up and make some extra money for a little while, you can do that. I'm always less tired when I don't feel like a hamster in a wheel when I'm actually getting traction. Part, part of part of what's making you tired is you feel stuck. I don't know if I necessarily feel stuck. I know what stuck feels like because once I got outta my divorce from, and got rid of the spender and started actually saving or being able to have money and, and, and didn't have to live paycheck to paycheck and play the beat the bank game, I've sat down one day, I thought, wow, this feels really good. Yeah. I'm tired of working is what you told me.


And so if if my work is going toward a goal that I'm excited about, I'm not as tired. That's all I'm saying. Okay. Yeah. Well, my goal is is to, to to get as much money, save as much money as I can for retirement. And retirement for me is probably working three and four days a week instead of, you know, five, six, and seven days. That's True. But there always comes a time where you won't be working anymore. And so making sure you get to the point that you're okay when that phase of life hits is also very important. See, if you had a half a million dollars in the bank at 67 or in a mutual fund at 67 and a paid for house, that 500,000 will throw you 50,000 a year.


Right. Okay. Without forever. And so you, you couldn't travel, you could do whatever you wanna do with 50,000 a year, you work one day a week, you can do whatever that what I do know, having grown up in the, and been in the building business, real estate business, my whole life is trim. Carpenters are artists. They're the artists on the site. They're very precise, very detailed. He makes furniture. You've got an artist's eye. And, I need you to use your business side, the science, not the art side of this discussion that we're having. Okay. You can't art your way out of this one. You gotta science your way out of this one. And so it's, it's a math thing and, and then you, it will build you a, a, a situation where you have enough of a nest egg that it cause you to have a good life.


That's what I'm wanting to move you towards. Yeah. So you got 10 years, $2,000 a month and you can get there. It's very doable. And you might fool yourself. You might get there sooner because the more you pile it up, the faster, the more you're willing to work. All that kind of stuff. So, you know, you can back down at, at whatever point, but I would sit down with Smart Vista Pro, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com, pick somebody with a heart of a teacher and say, this is my situation. I've gotta do this. Dave told me to get on an EveryDollar budget. He told me, Jack my income up, get rid of my motorcycle. Jade told me to get rid of my motorcycle, but Dave agreed. And I just slide that in there, just threw that under through the under.


You see the bus tracks? I see the bus tracks right across her plum. Plum. Yeah. There we go. And yeah, get you a game plan man. And then execute the game plan. Just like you were doing a job on a house. You lay out the game plan, you lay out what is needed, you get the supplies on hand and you execute. Same thing here. Same exact deal. This is The, Ramsey,


Show. Hey you guys, emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't band-aids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin, and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door. And use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one and you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Use the promo code Ramsey,


listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget. It's like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the App store or Google Play Jade Washau. Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. If private student loan debt is taking away your peace of mind and you don't see any way out, you need Why, Refi, Why, Refi Refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch and they give you a low fixed rate loan that's custom built for you.


So go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ramsey might not be in Allstate. Today's question comes from Patty in Illinois. My husband, And I purchased a very modest home for his parents due to the rising cost of rent in our area. My father-in-Law's disabled. My mother-in-Law works full-time at a very modest job and they pay us a small amount of rent each month. It's been five years now and the home has required a lot of repairs such as water, intrusion of mold. We've been able to cashflow the problems, but it has cost over 15,000.


Not to mention our sanity. It has also changed our relationship because they frequently contact us for issues or requests in spite of many conversations about what is quote nice to have versus what is quote needed. We're trying to honor our word, but it has been very taxing emotionally and financially. We are in baby step six and we need to plan for our own retirement. I keep telling myself to suck it up, but we are losing tons of money with no end in sight. I've listened to the show long enough to know we probably shouldn't have done this, but at the time it felt like the right thing to do. What would you do if you were in our shoes? Well, first off, I wish I had more information. Dave, I Wanna know how old these parents are.


I Wanna know, I Wanna know more. I Wanna know the value of the house because I'm thinking if you bought a house in 2019, like the value's probably gone up a good deal. So they're, she, they might not be losing money in the way that she thinks now. The actual idea of doing this, I think was a really bad idea. I think there was just a lack of foresight here. And I don't know what the promise was. Did they say, Hey, we're doing this house, you're gonna live here and you know, until you die and we're covering it. I don't know what the promise was, but I think that they may have, you know, brought, promised more than what they could deliver on And I think that's probably what she's feeling some type of way about. So she's got a lot of drama in her words.


She Does and it's her in-laws. I I I, the piece of information I would like is I'd like to talk to her husband and see if he feels the same way And if it was everybody's Idea, if it's bothering him to the same degree or if this is in-law drama that you are now molding or laying over on this house. Yes. I think it's a little bit of both. She does use the word we a lot, which makes me think that there is some unity. Oh, I, I think it, I don't think it was a hidden thing, but I think he went into it and went, oh, bought mom and dad a house and dad's disabled Mom got a, you know, not, not much of a job and they pay us what they can pay us and we fixed the stuff that breaks.


Yeah. And she's going, oh God, I'm dying. Yeah. You know, it's like So, I, don't, I? You know, $15,000 is not, we are losing tons of money over five years. Five years. No, it's nothing. If you own a house, you're gonna spend more than $15,000 over five years on a house, And they're getting some rent, which is good. And it's going up in value. Going up In value. Mom and dad are gonna pass someday and you're gonna have a nice asset. Yeah. That's going up in value that you can sell And probably pay off your house and more if you haven't already. So, I, I think I would, first thing I would want is get to the bottom and say, what is, where is all this resentment really coming from?


Is it really coming from the house? I kind of don't think it is. I don't think So, I. Now there is part of it where they may have bitten off more than they realized they were gonna be chewing. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, in, in theory it sounded good. And then when you start walking it out, you're like, oh my goodness. But to your point, if she's writing into to our show, there's something that they're not talking about. Yeah. If your mother-in-Law is calling you and asking you to fix something at a house that you gave to her at a deal, and you already had, you know, mother-in-law, Ida, then that would just make it worse. Right? I mean, that's, yes.


It's like, well, you know, the difference in what is needed and what's nice to have. Yeah. But you know, it's a modest home. They're modest people. She makes a modest income. There wasn't anything in here lavish. There's Also though, Dave, I, I didn't hear a jacuzzi being installed. I think to to, to quote myself. I think there's also a vocab rehab that needs to happen. Amen. Because here she's saying, my husband, And I purchased a very modest home for his parents. They don't own the home, they're renters. You guys bought a house for yourself. It's your asset, it's your home. And I. Think if you start viewing it as an asset that we have, it's gonna change your Thoughts. Then, you know, I had a rental, I have a rental house, and it had a, had a water leak. And I had to fix them all. That's right. As opposed to it's water there.


Well, I've had to do that a bunch of times. Right. So that'll Help. And, I, And I had zero drama about it. That's Right. Because And I just fixed it. It, and It's going up in Value. Tree fell on the back porch. And I just fixed it. It's just, you know, it's just, you own a house and crap happens. Right. I mean, that's right. I mean, it's like, it it, the other question that I don't, I'm with you. I, I don't think we have enough information. 'cause it's very interesting question. It is. And, I. I'm impugning a lot on you, Patty. I apologize for that. But both are, I'm trying to figure out what's really happening here and therefore to what to do with this. Because also their age might play into it. If she's In her Yeah. If they're, if they're 87, suck it up. If they're 57, Kick 'em out.


You know, sell it and give them the money. Yeah. That it brings. Yeah. Whatever it brings. Yeah. Give 'em the money from it because you didn't, you didn't buy it for money. You bought it to help them. You know, if you wanna give 'em the whatever proceeds are, 'cause you're gonna have made some money to your point. Yeah. From 2019. So yeah. That's, that's, that's part of it. And Yeah. You know, and, and And I think then I, I would want to just really ask, I don't know. Well Walk that out. What would you, so let's say, let's say she's listening. She goes, yeah, you know what, they are in their fifties. They need to get outta this house. They've been paying us a small amount of rent. What would you suggest in that situation to fairly, I I mean, I don't care if you give 'em the money, really.


I mean, you sell the house and whatever, whatever. I don't, I don't know if there's a mortgage here or not. Yeah. But pay off all the expenses and then whatever money you've made on the house, give it to 'em. I don't care. Oh, I'll tell you the other piece I don't know right here is, I don't know, Patty's income. Yeah, that's Right. You know, Patty makes $300,000 a year. Stop whining and deal with it. That's Another good point. If Pat, if Patty makes $55,000 a year, then you were, you did something you couldn't afford to do here. That's true. And that's where some of this drama is coming from, is the pinch. Because it's like, oh, it's, we're, we're, but we're, it's been very taxing emotionally and financially. Yeah.


Okay. I don't understand. It's 15 grand is not taxing emotion. I mean, it's not but So I that that's, yeah. It's a lot of details. Maybe call in sometime Patty. Yeah, Yeah. We, we'd do that. So you can contact 'em back off the email if you want to. James, we take the call because I, I don't know what to do, but if, yeah, I think we could give a couple of scenarios if then Okay. Kind of flow charted. Yeah. If they're super old and you make a lot of money, then this drama is in your head. Calm down and suck it up. If they're super young and you don't make a lot of money, maybe you need to move them out and sell the house. I think those are the two variables that are, that could be there. I, I don't hear a lot of Mother-in-law drama, but I just think it's, I it does, it did.


It was curious to me how much, much drama she had. Yeah. And, I wondered if her husband would feel exactly the same way. I bet he doesn't Now. If they're only paying, you know, the mortgage is 2000 and she said they're paying a small amount of rent. So they're paying a thousand. The proceeds I'd split. Okay. I don't care. The thing is, I don't, they're you're not selling it because you need money. That's true. She did not bring that up. She, you're Right. She did not bring It up, selling it to get rid of an un an emotionally and financially draining situation to quote her. That's true. But she just, she did say we're in baby step six and need to plan for our own retirement. So, so that made me think they might want some money.


Could be. And it could just be that The drama, I'm tired of giving them anything and I'd rather put it in my account In lost situations. They get, they get salty really quick. Not going there. Yeah. Not, not gonna do that. Yeah, you're right to that. You started the whole thing right when you said you shouldn't have done it. Foresight. You gotta, you have to play these things out in your mind years and years to see where it will land and all of the different variations of the plan when You're trying to help your parents, you're trying to help your grown kids. You do not enter into a process that does not bring them to sustainability on their own. And so you get them up where they're standing on their own feet and you let 'em go.


So whatever you're doing, create a situation that gets them up on their own feet instead of a continuous drain. And so that's, so you, people paying your 28 year olds private schools for their kids, that's not sustainable. You shouldn't have entered into that. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've worked, saved, sacrificed, and been gazelle intense with your financial game plan. But do you have the right defense in place, like the right health insurance? Look, you can't walk past a doctor's office these days without getting a massive bill. And if you don't have health insurance, a major medical situation can undo all of your hard work. That's where my friends at Health Trust Financial can help. They work for you, not the insurance company. So they find you the right health insurance and they save you money. Ramsey has recommended Health Trust Financial for two decades because they're the experts. And whether you're 19 years old or 90, you can trust them to do two very important things. Listen to you then find you health insurance coverage with everything you need. And nothing you don't. Health Trust Financial is your one-stop shop for unbiased advice about affordable health insurance options. They could save you hundreds of dollars a month. So make sure you're not overpaying. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com today. Health Trust Financial dot com.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


The $12 sale is here through August 31st. We've got $12 books to help you raise money Smart Kids. The book Smart Money Smart Kids number one bestseller by Rachel Cruz and me. $12 books to help you get out of debt and build wealth, including our number one bestseller, baby Steps millionaires, including Jade's book, $12 books to help you build a peaceful and joyful life. Dr. John Delony walks you through the six daily choices in building a non-anxious life. Ken Coleman's from Paycheck to Purpose will help you do work that really matters, all $12. Check 'em out Ramsey Solutions dot com slash sale.


Barbara is in Santa Barbara. Hi Barbara, how are you? Oh good. Thank you so much for taking my call. It's a pleasure to talk to you both. You too. I've been been listening to you for quite a while. I know how you'd love whole life insurance policies, but yeah. Yeah. My husband took one out literally in college in the sixties 'cause a friend of his, you know, got their first job and sold everybody in the fraternity house a whole life policy. So it is now 2024. We still have this policy, but I've never heard you address this issue. If we terminate this policy, because I feel we can self-insure at this point.


I have a loan on this policy for $63,000 and the agent is telling me if I surrender the policy that will be taxed at my income or income level. Is that true? No. No, It's Not true. 'cause I thought my understanding was the way you talk about it, when you borrow against the policy, you're actually borrowing your own money and paying interest to borrow it. Paying Exactly. So I thought and So I cash. Your cash value, your cash value amount is how much? $3,030 Above. Above the 63. Yes. Okay. So you'll get a check for three grand.


Okay. Okay. And you have a net income as a result of that of $66,000, which includes the loan. Okay. Yeah. That amount is compared to the total amount you have paid into the policy since the beginning, which is way more than $63,000. Okay. Your basis in a whole, your basis in a cash value policy for tax purposes is the total of your premiums paid in. Right. And your, as long as your cash value does not exceed that number, you have zero taxes. Okay. So I would think that since it's been been paid on since really the 70 or 60 70, Yeah.


What's the, how much have you paid on it, do you know? No, I have no idea. You the death benefit's 24,000. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. So, I, So I. Don't think if you add it up, you're gonna add up and see the total premiums that you have put in is gonna be more than the cash value that you get out. Okay. How am I gonna find, where do you find that? Can they tell me that? They can tell you that. Yeah. The company could tell you that. Or you could just say, you know, how much is the monthly or the annual amount and multiply it out since you got it. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. I got you. So as long as, and And I would think that we've paid in enough over all these years that it's more than 63,000 or Right. Exactly. I mean it's been 60, was it been 60 years?


60 years Oh. my Gosh. So if it's a thousand dollars a year, know it was terrible. You only paid a thousand dollars a year. You're still okay. Yeah. I wish I'd found you a long time ago. I would've never bought this policy, but I just never knew about this loan thing. 'cause I know you say surrender them if you can self assure self-insure. But I've never heard you address if you have a loan on it. Yeah. That's because they keep telling me I'm paying income tax on it. Well that's what they like to tell you because they scare you to keep the thing in. But the problem is most of the people in the whole life business don't even know what they're doing. Yeah. So I figured that Their level of expertise is so low because 80% of 'em are gone in a year. People that sell whole life, life insurance, 80% that start selling a whole life life insurance are gone in a year.


So the number of seasoned experienced expert agents that have been doing it for 30 years, it's close to zero. 'cause they look up and realize how bad they're ripping people off and they get outta the business. The numbers On this are bananas. Yeah. She's been paying into it since the sixties. Yeah. It only had $63,000 of cash value and only a $24,000 death benefit. Yeah. Yep. I'm shook. If Yes, I mean, what if there was 63,000 and, and she hadn't borrowed on it. I Know. And she died. Or he died, they'd lose it. They get 24,000, the 63 be gone.


The only way, the only way you ensure you get it is to keep a loan on it. And so, and then when you try to get out of this complete screw job, they lie to you or they're ignorant. One of the two about how the tax calculation actually works. So that crazy. Yeah. This is how bad it's, it's the payday lender of the middle class. Remember on Sanford and Sun? When Red Fox, I'm coming to join you when you Have the, what was, what was his wife's name? That Lily? I can, yeah. I think So I can't remember. I'm coming. I'm coming. Oh gosh. That makes my Heart rub his chest and far back. Yeah. Oh Lord. Oh sheesh. That's it. That's how it works. Spencer is in Austin, Texas. Hi Spencer, how are you?


Dave Jade, thanks so much for taking my call. Sure. Doing great. What's up? Yeah, so my situation right now, So I live in a house that my parents own and they want to sell it to me. And. I wanna buy it from them. And. I have the cash to pay it off. Good. But they want to. Yeah. Which I definitely following your plan on that for sure. Paying off cash. I don't like debt either. So, but anyway, I guess the reason I'm calling though is because, so they've owned this house for just under a decade and so, you know, they bought it back in 2016 for just under a hundred thousand dollars. And now as you know, the housing market is crazy. So I think this houses worked somewhere between, you know, 200 to 2 25.


So you know, they want to sell it to, so we haven't negotiated price yet, but they want to sell it to me. You know, somewhat close to what they paid for it. Wow. So I. Guess my question is, yeah, I know it's a good deal for sure. But I guess my question is, you know, And I, guess I'm calling on their behalf too. 'cause you know, we're wondering about like, are there gonna be capital gains taxes? How does it work with me buying it at much less than what it's worth? Like how does all that kind of work and what's some ways around, if there are any, around like capital gains and things like that? Okay, well capital gains taxes calculated on the gain over basis. And let me kinda walk you through that. That's a technical thing. All right. What you pay for a house is your basis. Okay.


So let's say they paid a hundred for it and let's be simple for a second and say they sold it to you for one 50, then they would pay capital gains tax on the 50 gain. See what I'm saying? Yes. Okay. And that's a 15%. And so that would only be what, 7,500 bucks would be their taxes. Okay. Okay. That's a simplified look at the thing. Now we'll add a couple of complications in there. If they have been renting the property and have been filling out a tax return on that and depreciating the property against their taxes taking depreciation, then they have an adjusted basis.


So the a hundred thousand they paid for it, minus any depreciation that they have taken becomes their basis. So let's say they had taken $20,000 worth of depreciation on their taxes over the years, then their basis is no longer a hundred. Now it's 80. You following me? Yes sir. It's called an adjusted basis. And then your taxes are gonna be on the difference between the one 50 and the 80. So they're gonna pay taxes on 70 grand in that case. So that's how you calculate it out. If they sell it to you weirdly below market, like let's say this thing's worth 300 and they sell it to you for a hundred, you probably ought to get some tax advice as to whether or not that's gonna qualify as just a good deal or whether the IRS would look at that as giving you a gift and try to tax them on a gift tax.


I wouldn't want them to get hit with that. So there's kind of a gray area on the difference in a gift and a good deal. Okay. And that was my my other question too, because I, they're gonna sell it to me for less than what it's currently valued at. And So I guess they were kind of worried about that as well. Yeah. How, how far, how absurd it, you know, if you, if they sell it to you for a dollar and it's worth a million, then they're gonna get hit with a gift tax. Okay. Because that's a gift. That's not just a good deal that's over the top. Okay. It's gonna be, it's gonna kind of shake everybody up that looks at it. But if you sell you a $300,000 house for 200, that's probably just a good deal. So you need to talk to a tax advisor on that part of it to make sure that you're not violating anything on gift tax.


What, at what point does the IRS look at something being a good deal or being a gift? And then they also can help you with calculation on the basis. So good deal and pay cash for it. And it's a free, clear transaction. It sounds like a wonderful deal. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey folks, there's a lot of half-baked investing advice out there. But here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart vests to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart mester.


Jade washau Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you're here. Val is in Minneapolis. Hey Val, welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Oh, family. Family. I listened to you Years, five years. And I said it's time to stop listening and start doing. Okay, good. How can we help today? So right now I finally started with the first and second step, but now I'm at the point where I have three kids that I, no, I shouldn't have And. I did it. So I co-signed for a car loan. 'cause you know, if you want you do one, you gotta do the other one.


So I'm stuck with these three car loans. One of 'em is about to be paid off in two months. The other one, she's paying half on it because she said she gonna have all of it to pay the whole card note and I'm paying the other one. And the third one is just saying they don't have the money right now. Oh. So my question was, I was thinking about just letting the other two cars just go. 'cause I can't, 'cause I, you know, I can't afford to pay for for neither one of them. And so would it be a good idea if I just let them re for it and just let it go on my credit? Well you're gonna ion on your credit you co-signed. Yeah.


And then when they sell the car and it doesn't bring what's owed, they're gonna come after you for the difference. I know, but that's why I hit 'em at the point was, Yeah, you're gonna, you're gonna get sued and you're gonna have your credit screwed up. So let's talk about the, the one car's almost paid off so it's not a problem. Right? Right. Okay, so the other, the second car, the one you pay part of the payment, what is owed on that second car? The one car is owed one one is 16,000 on one and the other one is like 14,000. Okay. And what are they worth? One for 16. The one for 16,000 is only worth 8,000.


Which I was shot. Yeah. And the one that's worth the one that's worth 14 or the one that you owe 14, what it worth? One 14,000 is about, I think they said I almost sold that one for 10,000. So I'm thinking this guy was gonna buy it for 10,000 but he never did come through So I. Guess it's only worth like 9,000 or Something. Well just 'cause one guy didn't buy it. That doesn't establish value, but, oh. So if you can sell the 10 thou the, the $10,000 car for 10,000 and get the loan, you'd have to get a loan somewhere for 4,000 to cover the difference. Who are these loans with? They're with the My Credit union. Good. Go down to your credit union. Tell 'em you wanna sign a note for the difference before these cars get repoed and you're gonna have $12,000 in debt.


You sell an $8,000 car that you owe 16 on. You sell a $10,000 car that you owe 14 on, you're gonna have a debt with that credit union. 'cause otherwise they take these cars and they're not gonna sell 'em for 10 and for eight they're gonna sell 'em for five and for four nuts at the repo law, So I Can sell this car back to the bank. No. Oh, I thought you said I could sell it back to the Bank. No, I said you go down to the bank and tell them you want to sign a note for the difference of what the car won't bring. They have a $16,000 loan on a car that's worth eight. You're gonna end up with an $8,000 loan at the credit union instead of a $16,000 loan.


And you sell a car that's worth 10 that you owe 14 on, you're gonna end up with a $4,000 loan instead of a $14,000 loan. And your kids are gonna get about the business of getting their own cars. Right. But you get to pay the eight and the four difference, which is gonna be 12. 'cause they're not gonna come through on that. You And I know that. Yeah. This is what you, this is what you pay. This is called a, it's called a co-signing fee. Is That what you're calling it? I thought there was an actual Actual thing going on. No, I'm, it's, it's a stupid tax is what it is.


When, when I do something stupid and it costs me money, I call it stupid tax. And you, the co-signing is stupid. Okay. Yeah. I learned that. You learned it. You learned it three times over. You thought you were doing something nice and you did the right thing the wrong way. You were being kind and sweet and unwise and you knew you were unwise when you were doing it, but you were too kind and sweet to stop doing it. So next time be more wise and less sweet. I know that's right. Wow. Well the truth is she didn't do the kids any favors either 'cause they've been strapped to this, this, that's Right. That's Right. You think you're doing somebody a favor and you strap 'em to something they can't afford and that's why the bank wouldn't loan 'em the money in the first place.


And everybody feels the strain. Yeah. Thanksgiving dinner tastes different. So I co-signing is so universally stupid. The banks are the most aggressive lenders on the planet. They love to loan money and if they won't loan somebody money, it really means, it Really means Something that they can't, that they can't pay it. And instead we step in and we go, oh it's little junior, we'll help junior. And you know, we step up and we cosign. And Proverbs 1718 says, one lacking in sense co-signs for another. Wow. The contemporary English version, the CEV of the Bible in 1718. Proverbs says, if you co-sign for someone else, it's stupid.


That's what that version of the Bible says. Layman's terms. The Bible called it stupid So I didn't get mad at God. But yeah, And I co-signed for a guy one time. And I ended up having to pay it and a guy co-signed for me one time. Yeah. And he ended up having to pay it 'cause I went bankrupt that time. And I had to go back and pay him back later. It's an awful, awful mess. Don't get into those things. It's a horrible, horrible situation. So poor Val. I feel so sorry for him. It's awful.


Hey guys, things are changing around The Ramsey Show here this week. Back on Monday we made a move. We have a network app called The Ramsey Network app that you can download for free. You can listen to the whole show on The Ramsey Network app or watch the whole show on The Ramsey Network app, whichever you prefer to do. The last 40 minutes coming up is only on The Ramsey Network app or on talk radio as of this week. And so if you're used to getting the entire show on podcast, you can still get the entire show. It's still completely free. But you can only get the last 40 minutes on the network app. You can watch the whole thing. But you can get the last 40 minutes only on the network app. So you YouTube folks podcast folks out there, you're expecting another 40 minutes. It's there, but it's only over on The Ramsey Network app. You can get it for free. We're not charging for this. It's, it's all free and it's searchable. You can search it by subject and you can even send in an email ask questions. We might an answer some Ramsey app questions at some point. So The Ramsey Network app in the app store or Google Play completely free, not gonna cost you a thing. And Jay, this is exciting. This it is the things that we're putting in this app to help you guys and help you access the information that you're listening for. You could listen for three days and not get the answer to your question. Yeah. But if you Wanna know about Car Repossessions, you can just Google it in and And you'll hear vows call. Yeah, exactly. That's what's gonna happen. 'cause they do come after you for the deficit. That's right. Like what we were telling her in the case. So two ways to get the free app. You can click the link in the show notes or you can search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. And again, we're gonna be adding lots and lots of tools to this thing in the future. Right now we have the searchable feature. We have some audio books and some other things dropping in there. We've got all kinds of processes 'cause we're building stuff out where we can deliver to you on this app. It's very inexpensive for us to do. So it's gonna be free or inexpensive for you to do. So. The last 40 minutes of the show, as of this week again on The Ramsey Network app only. Or if your talk radio station carries in on Talk radio, it comes out as over three hours. That's what we do. We do a three hour talk radio show. But in Podcast World it's gonna look like something different. So that's the thing. So you can get all, all you get the full episodes to The, Ramsey Show only The Ramsey Network app. It's very convenient, very easy, and very free. Don't miss it. And again, Jade, we're the, the features we're putting in this thing we're excited about. I'm Really excited. I heard a little birdie talking about a show that one of us is doing that might land in there. So that's really cool. Oh, Okay. That's all I'm gonna say. I'm just gonna, I, I don't know which little birdie this was. So I have to find out about this Birdie. Okay, cool. That but that might be fun. We could, we could do just a a show just on that. Yeah, like a specialty show or Something? Yeah. That you can only watch on the network app. That that Be cool on a certain subject or something. Yeah, that would be neat. Be Special. Ah, Okay. Exclusive If you will. Yeah. And completely free. You can't argue with the free part. We have no plans to make it a subscription. It's just a free deal. So go to Ramsey Network and get the app in the app store or Google Play and that way you don't miss a thing. And did I mention that it's free. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.