
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Thank you for joining us America. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Jade Washau, bestselling author RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. So we're gonna take your calls, the phone number's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Leona starts off this hour in Fairbanks, Alaska. Hi Leona, how are you? Hey Dave. I'm great. How are you doing? Better than I deserve. What's up?


Okay, so I'm calling because I am pretty newly married, not my first rodeo. And, but one of the things I did, I made a mistake of is not doing my financial background check on my new spouse. And so October, we got married in May. In October, we, I realized that we are close to a million dollars in debt. Ooh. And wait, Wait a minute. Slow down there. Wait a minute. Stop, stop, stop, stop. Stop, stop, stop. I got lost in this already. I wanna make sure I'm with you. So you're how old I am 45.


Okay. And you've been married before? I have, Yeah. You said not first rodeo. Okay. So you met a guy and you married him and you said it was a mistake to not do a background check. No. A financial check like with Him or you Have conversations about money, is what you're saying? I didn't check to see what kind of debt ratio. Did You ask him? No, I Did not. Okay. So you just kind walked in blindly. He thought you didn't care, turns out you cared. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Alright. I got, and so you've been married for how long? For about nine months. Okay. And then you woke up one morning and, and decided to ask, or he decided to tell you what happened?


I wanted to quit my job and so in that I wanted, I asked him if, if that was possible. We went back and forth. I said, I really need to see the budget, assuming he kept one. And I found out there that he didn't keep a budget. But when I started pulling things together, finding about 17 credit cards, I realized there's no way. And he was heavily reliant on, on my income as well to pay. How was he making it before you were married? As a bachelor. He just, he was just a heavy spender. And so he just, But how was he if he couldn't make it without your salary now, how was he making it without your salary before you were married? We, he bought a a $500,000 house.


Since you were married? After we Were married, I think my name is not on the title or on The not But since you got married, when did he buy the 500,000 house Ju August? It closed. So we were married when it So you were married, you bought a house. Okay. You were aware you were buying a house? I was. And I was. So $500,000 is owed on the house. And you said there's a million dollars. What's the other $500,000? There's about, there's another house that he had. It's a $300,000 home. Just that we we're, we have it as a rental right now. What's owed on it? Three 30. Okay. So that's, did You not know about the rental?


No, I did. You Just didn't think about it. All right. So eight 30. Well, yeah, it was just moved Eight 30,000. And now what other, what's the other $200,000 in debt? We have, he has a HELOC loan and some medical debt, and then about a hundred and almost $200,000 in credit card. Okay. And so what's your question? I mean, how do I not murder him? A It's not his fault. It's yours. You didn't ask. I know, I know. Well, he doesn't get murdered. You might, but he doesn't. Right. So, I mean, you, you walked around acting like nothing's happening and he just assumed it was all okay.


He's living his life like a, you know, just happy as he can be happy. He's a little old clown. And then you came along, wanted to quit your job and he couldn't do it. So you're the one that didn't do anything. I mean, he's got a mess. There's no question about that. We don't need to murder him. Does he want to clean this up? So far he's been doing everything. We have a financial peace university coach right now who's helping us untangle a lot of things. And Then, great. So both houses are for sale? No. Well, they need to be. Okay. Y'all are broke people. Yeah, Because I'm guessing there's a little bit of equity in these houses you can use to clean up this stupid butt credit card mess. This guy spends like, he's in Congress.


Hey, By the way, what do you guys earn? What's the income between the two of you? About 200,000. Okay. You can, you can dig through it pretty quick. Then you might even get to keep the house you're living in. But the rental needs to go immediately. Yeah. And that's where the HELOCs laying too, right? I think the HELOC is on the new house, but both my, our coach and I are both confused about that. It's just, it's just messy. Okay. And so, and then number one, the two of you. Next time you meet with a coach, you have to raise your right hand and swear before the judge. I promise to never do anything with money ever again without my spouse knowing it. Both of you?


Yeah, Both of you. You do not have the right to act surprised after this point up to this point. 'cause you walked into it begging for a surprise. I know. And but, but now after from today on, he doesn't make any moves anymore. 'cause he's really not good with money. We really can't trust his judgment. He really sucks at this. And Honestly, you're lucky that he agreed to go through financial peace and Yeah. Has the wherewithal to want to change it. Yeah, you got lucky there. Yeah. I think you guys get on a beans and rice budget. You sell the rental. Follow what the coach is telling you. You may have to sell the big house. You may not. How much are you all on your stupid cars? So that's messy. His dis his wife passed and there are two vehicle, there's one vehicle in her name and a motor home in her name.


And So I working Was the dad in her name? Yes. Okay. But yes. But he kept the rest of the estate too, right? Yeah. So it's not messy. Both of those need to get sold yesterday. Did he, did he not probate a will or probate the estate? No, he didn't. He just actually told the bank like two weeks ago that she passed away two years ago. So the What he just now told the bank that she passed away? Yeah. So the bank is pretty upset right now. So because he's had stuff in possession for two years, so, Okay. So this level of denial and deception that he has lived his whole life in has to change or your marriage is not going to work.


And this level of not bothering to ask and walking around with your head stuck in the clouds, the way you do it, it that has to change or your marriage is not gonna work. So the two of you have to commit to a clean, clear way of living where we're not deceiving each other or anyone else. All right? And you can get these two cars sold. And do you have any debt on the two cars you guys are driving? Well, the HELOC somehow has his truck wrapped into it. No, it, I do not have it. No it doesn't. They just used the HeLOCK to buy the truck. That's all. Okay, But so how, how expensive is his truck? I think it was a like 18,000 that he paid.


He told me he paid off, But that's not too bad. I'm not sure I believe it though. Alright, so yeah, you guys just gotta dig in, clean all the, you know, get all the tangles out of the hair, get everything straight, and then decide what you're gonna cut. How much of a hair, how much hair you're gonna have left after you finish this haircut. And then you gotta be clean with each other and everybody else Quit hiding stuff. Both of you. Wow. What a mess, girl. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle. The number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning@netsuite.com slash RAMSEY. It's free@netsuite.com slash RAMSEY.


Jade Wash Hall. RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Joni's with us in Jackson, New Hampshire. Hi Joni. How are you? Well, as you say, better than I deserve. Much better. Good. How can we help today? Well, and my dad used to say advice is worth what you pay for it. So that was fun to start the show off with that. Okay, So I, my daughter's two 40 ish years old daughters and I co-own a cabin that's across the road from my house where I, I've lived in this house for 40 years and we bought the cabin five years ago where all three on the deed and as you said a few weeks ago, never go into business of anyone.


One reason being that they will have different interests from you and that's what we're facing. I'd like to move from my home to the cabin, which needs some serious work to make it livable. And my daughters, one of them wants to just do as little as possible and make it into a seasonal rental. And the other one wants that also. But she doesn't want me to have a home there 'cause she can deny it because we all have to agree, since we're co-owners, we all have to agree on work done there.


And about 20 years ago, she was doing a bunch of bad stuff and I had told her, if you keep this up, you're gonna have to leave. So I had to kick her out of the house and she wants to punish me for that. So the way you, the way you handled that, she, you have a daughter that wants to punish you and you decide to buy a cabin with her. It was, it wasn't. You bought the cabin five years ago, 20 years ago you kicked her out. Well five years ago when the cabin came up for sale, the owner wanted to sell it to my daughters.


And so they on paper bought it. I paid 200,000 for it. So I paid for the taxes and the purchase price and all of the repairs that we have done. So they put money, have any money in, Excuse Me, they put no money in. Right? Oh gosh. And I bought my house. You two years. And do you guys have any kind of written agreement on this at all? We have one agreement that they came up with that says, we all have to agree on any work that's done. Did you sign that? Yes. Why?


Why did you I don't, I don't know why you did any of this. If you had $200,000 by the cabin, don't buy the cabin. Why did you put them on here knowing that this is gonna be, that this one daughter is gonna be a problem from day one? I didn't, I didn't know that. And that, yeah, you did. Seller would not sell it to me alone. She wanted to sell it to my daughters. Why? So I had no, we either wouldn't get the cabin. Yeah. Where the girls would go. Stay on the deed. What, what was initially the use of the cabin when you first bought it? Did you buy it? 'cause you said, you know what, I'm gonna move in here. And everybody knew that or was the initial purpose of the cabin to rent it out to someone, someone else. It was me moving up.


There was an option. We didn't talk about any plans. I started doing little bits here and there, having a cabin chinked, making sure the roof was good. Okay. Bought Joan Joni, lemme ask you this. How, how old are You? I bought it to, I bought it to protect the value of my house. So that Joani we're Surrounded by National Forest, Joanie. And it's, I bought my house for 28 $9,000. Joanie. Now it's worth a million. Joanie, how old are you? 70. 70. Okay. You have made a mess. That's right. This is a mess. Okay.


And you're really left with only a couple of options. One is to convince your daughters to deed the property over to you, given that they put no money in it to start with. And they have no rights to this morally or ethically. Okay? This is an absurd deal. You should not have done this deal. It was a dumb deal. It was a bad deal. You set yourself up to get punched in the nose. Now you're getting punched in the nose. So now the only thing you can do with this is you can convince them to deed it over to you. Or you can hire an attorney and sue them and force the sale of the cabin and show the judge that they put $0 into this and that at least you get your 200,000 back before there's anything split at the sale.


Now you get to decide are are you going to be able to convince them that you guys are all stupid? What you've done here is all stupid. You're not stupid, but what you've done is ridiculous. It's a horrible plan. And your daughters are horrible that they took a third of this knowing that they didn't get along with their 70-year-old mother and she paid a hundred percent of it. Man, that's kind of like being a thief, okay? That's kind of what that's like. So I don't really like your daughters much And this is not gonna be easy. And So I don't know that you're gonna be able to convince these two dweebs to turn the thing over to you. And I'm afraid you're gonna be faced with a judge to do it, or you've just gotten screwed out of 200,000 'cause you've lost control of this.


'cause you've got a two to one vote and the deed doesn't have any restrictions on it whatsoever. You've got three people and they have two of the votes. So, but a judge can untangle this and the, a judge can force the sale of the, of, of the cabin and Give you $200,000 at the sale. One other option on the persuasion side you could do is you can offer the dweeb some money to go away. I'll Give you $25,000 a piece if you've got it or whatever. Sign the deed over to me. Oh gosh. Which is immoral. Yeah. Fevery, blackmail, whatever you wanna call it. But you've it's gonna be cheaper than court.


She's not gonna like them much after that though. Well, I don't like 'em. So it's easy to not like 'em. Yeah, I mean, they're not likable. That's Right. Who does this to their Parents? Oh, I don't know. It's weird. You threw me outta the house 20 years ago. So I amm gonna get back at you. I'm gonna get you to pay full price for a cabin that I own one third of and then I'm not gonna let you do anything. Good. God, This is terrible. A 4-year-old is this needs counseling. Unbelievable. So yeah, some people's children, but the, yeah. Guys, you cannot enter into these things wide-eyed open and then expect, you know, a crocodile to do anything but bite your leg off crocodiles is what they do.


I just can't understand the, I even, even if they liked each other, right? It's a dumb what would be ever the purpose of going into something like it. It makes no sense. If she was gonna move into it anyway, just buy the house for Herself. Well the guy wouldn't sell it to her, which is weird. Yeah, that's weird too. There's a lot of weird here. But yeah. Johnny, I'm sorry. I wish I had a magic wand to make your pain go away. But your pain is not a cabin. Your pain is your daughter's. And that's what you're gonna have to deal with one way or another. Probably the cheapest way to do this is just buy the dweebs out and get 'em to sign it over. Just, you know, it's a dweeb fee. It's a stupid tax fee. And I do something stupid that costs me money. Joni. I call it stupid tax.


You're probably gonna pay some stupid tax here. You are going to pay some stupid tax. And they be, they better not ask for a third. You're gonna pay a lawyer. Well, they'll ask for it. You know these dweebs Well, oh gosh. So you're gonna either pay a lawyer, you're gonna pay the dweebs or you're gonna lose your 200,000. These are your three way you, but you're gonna lose money. You're gonna lose money. Something, something's going on here. I'm paying a lawyer that if, if it's me, I'm paying a lawyer, Daniel, I don't, I don't wanna fool with these girls anymore. Wow. It's your kids. They're dweebs To quote a well-known philosopher. Oh man. Oh, that's terrible.


I feel bad. But You know, I was doing a thing with some wealthy people the other day and they were all worried. They were saying, you know, how do I raise my children when we have wealth and then the wealth doesn't ruin them. Hmm. And I told 'em, I said, the wealth won't ruin them. It's just gonna expose if you did, if you run them, the wealth's just gonna Give you That's a good point. Exposure to That's a good, it's gonna magnify. 'cause whatever goes on that's in, in a family is, is magnified when it gets wealth. Wow. In other words, the crazy gets super crazy. Right. The but I mean, this is all tied to, you know, $200,000 worth of thievery here.


Oh, that's Joni. I'm so sorry. Your heart must be broken. Mine's broken for you. I'm angry for you. I just can't do anything about it except Ray. All about it. Yeah. This is The Ramsey Show.


Remember the good old days of the internet before it was a privacy nightmare filled with spammer, scammers, hackers, and fraudsters. Simpler times. Now I don't have a time machine, but I do have the next best thing. Delete me. Think of Deleteme as your online bodyguard, helping to protect you from the risks of online scams and data breaches. Here's how they do it. They scour the web to find and remove your data from these sketchy data broker websites. And this includes your name, your phone number, your email, your address and more. And delete me. We'll send you a detailed report of what they did and how much time they've saved you. And they've saved me 66 hours so far, which is more time I can spend trying to nail the wordle of the day on the first try. Delete Me has been around for over a decade and they now have over a hundred million data removals, which explains why they have a mountain of rave reviews and an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. It's been great for my family and I love getting fewer targeted ads, fewer spam techs, and fewer creepy robo calls. So this holiday season, share peace of mind by gifting a Deleteme subscription to someone you love. Or even just like their individual plans. Start at just nine bucks a month and you can sign up today@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY for 20% off. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


Jade wasaw RAMSEY. Personality is my cohost. Open phones at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Darley is with us in Fredericksburg, Virginia. Hey Darley, how are you? I is it Dar Darle? Hi Dar. Leah. I said I can't, I'll get it right eventually. It's Darle, correct? Yes, yes. Correct. Okay. How can we help? Hi, thank you for taking my call. Sure. So my in-laws loaned us $40,000 last year at 4.5% interest rate for five years. Oh my gosh. And they could buy a house on an assumption, a loan assumption. Oh lord. And that loan assumption came at a rate of 3.125%.


So we couldn't let that pass by. So instead of going to the bank to get 40,000, we loaned it from that while they offered to give it to, to, to loan it to us. Nice. And we took them up on that offer. So I had a baby in December and so now I'm staying at home. But before I, I I had the baby and I'm staying home now. We got that loan down to $22,401 because we we're kind of following the baby steps where we're trying to, so I'm, we're just, so now I'm, I'm not working. My husband is a little iffy about going under $10,000 because currently we have $25,000 in savings.


And I am kind of suggesting, oh, should I, should we just wipe out the loan with them? What does he make? Save up. He makes $76,000 a year. So Are y'all living on a written budget with every doll? With the every dollar app Spreadsheet and all. Okay, Cool. Yeah. Well You said so very much in control of every dollar. Very much. We, we know where every single penny goes. Okay. Essentially, so you said you're trying to follow the baby steps, right? So Yeah, well wait a minute. I'm telling my husband, I mean, he, he wants, he, he's just nervous about going under $10,000.


Yeah. But the big, If any emergency comes Yeah, it's his parents. He's nervous About it. He probably feels comfortable because it's his parents. They're amazing people. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It's amazing. People, it doesn't matter. You're feeling it and you're feeling it for good reason. I'm for two reasons. A, it's debt and your body's gonna feel debt. And then two, it's debt that you owe to in-laws. Like let's not make this money. Thanksgiving dinner tastes different when you eat with your master and the borrower is slave to the lender. Lender. That's right. Yeah. Let's not make a complex situation more complex by adding debt to it. Right. So yeah, if you guys have agreed this is the financial plan that we're following, then I'd hold 'em to that and I'd say, listen, if we say we're following the baby steps, we need to pay off this debt and then rebuild our savings.


That's what the steps say. That's what the plan is. We said we are following that and I don't feel comfortable with this debt as your wife, I don't feel comfortable owing your parents that and for no other reason this should matter because of that. Right. Yeah. I've I've told him that and he and he definitely understands they're amazing people. This we're actioning their character. Yeah. You don't need to tell me three times. They're amazing people. This was a stupid but idea. And y'all need to clean it up. It was dumb. You shouldn't have done it, but you did it and now you have the opportunity to clean it up. Don't do it again. I Heard you call so many people dumb that now I'm appreciating that I've gotten to that level.


You're part Of the club. I didn't say, I did not say you are dumb. I said the idea and what you did was dumb. There's a difference. Yeah. Yeah. I am not dumb. And I have done some dumb but things in my life, quote, Dumb butt decision. That's what it is. I Love It. I have done it. I have done it. So you guys clean this up. Get it outta your life. You can feel it and you can, it. This is not an indictment of saying your parents are bad. Our parent laws are bad people. They're wonderful people. They were trying to be helpful. Yeah. They were helpful in a bad way, but they were helpful. They're trying to be sweet. They're trying to get you what you want in life. And they're not being mean. They're not calling you every week and looking at your budget and judging you. They're not control freaks.


You didn't bring up any relationship issues. These are not bad people. Yeah. That is not what the point is. The point is, you have $22,000 in debt and you have $28,000 or 26,000 or whatever it is in your account. Write a check today and pay it off. That's the point. Yeah. Yeah. If it was on a credit card, it'd be the exact same thing that we'd say that was a stupid but decision. You shouldn't have done that. Now clean it up. It's, you got the money there, write a check. It's just, it, it just complicate. It makes the more drama to the conversation because it's the in-laws. And think about it like this. You know, your life has changed since you took that loan. Now you're staying home with a child. That's an income that's gone. You have to ask yourself, okay, if we keep this debt around, what happens if there's another major life change?


What, what if your husband loses his job? What if he's laid off? So there's a lot of variables here that a lot of times we don't let our brain think about because it's not pleasant. But when you carry debt, you are holding risk. I don't care who it's to because Dave talked about Thanksgiving dinner tasting different, it would taste a lot worse. And by the way, both of you were working, we're not gonna be at the two or $3,000 level in this, but for about 10 minutes. Right. In this account. 'cause you're gonna immediately start adding money to it. Correct. Oh yeah. Right. Yeah. So how much would you add to it a month? How much would you add to it a month without having these payments? About 700. Yeah. Okay. About 700 a month. Okay. And he's, he's expecting a bonus soon.


And hopefully a, a promotion soon. Yeah. And a lot of that'll go to hoping that. So you're gonna be like, by September you're gonna be right back up where you need to be, right? Well, yeah, we're gonna be down, we're gonna be down at like to like $3,000. Yeah. After we pay it. And you got a bonus and you got 700 bucks a month and Yeah. That's 700 bucks a month if you don't have this payment or currently 700 bucks a month If we don't have the payment. $700 a month. Okay. Alright. Yeah. And it, it does freak them out. 'cause because we were doing, we were following the baby steps when I was working and I, when, when I found out I was pregnant, we were essentially just dumping money to, to this loan to them.


And it, it freaked them out. They were like, are what are you doing? I'm not, I I I'm not concerned about them freaking out. That's their problem. If they didn't want you to repay it, they should have made it a gift. Yeah. They shouldn't freak out. They ask you to pay them back. You're paying them back. Stop with the drama. Just write 'em a check, pay 'em back, be done with it. And please don't do this again. Terrible. It's just, I'm telling you guys, there's the, the i, in the 30 something years I've been doing this, some of the saddest stories are the ruined relationships because somebody did something like loan their kid 25 or 30 or $50,000 to buy a house and then something goes sideways, something gets outta hand and all of a sudden everybody's torqued up and twisted up.


And formerly nice sweet people aren't for some reason. And I just, it's bad y'all, you're asking, it's like if borrowing money on a credit card to do this is stupid, just make it stupid times two to do it with your in-laws. All right. 'cause you're just, and again, I'm not calling you stupid. I'm saying what you did was stupid and 'cause I don't call people stupid except people in the financial world that tell you to do stupid things. But the but you, you people that we're trying to help, I'm not gonna, I'm our job to help you heal is to tell you the truth. You don't want the doctor to go, you know, I think this little bit of cancer is gonna be okay.


Right. Why don't we just leave it there? Right. You want 'em to say No, get it out, get it stupid. Try sunscreen, boy. You know, I mean, seriously. Right. Golly. So you want people to tell you the truth. If they're gonna be healers and we're not gonna hold back, we're gonna tell you exactly what it is because we got a lot of people to help and we love you and we want you to win. And that includes Dalia and Fredericksburg Fence, Virginia. But Dave, there's so many people who they are sitting on savings while they've got debt sitting over there in the corner. And the the thought is, I don't like the risk of not having savings then you should. But they don't entertain the other side of the equation, which is you must not care that much about risk because you've got debt sitting over here. 'cause you've already offset it.


You know, your balance sheet still represents a broke person. That's right. The math has to Math. You know, I don't wanna, I don't wanna be down less than $10,000. Well try going into debt and using up all your money then. Right. You know, that's, that's a good way to solve that. So, and by the way, you can pass up any housing deal. It's too good to pass up. No, it's not. Not If you can't afford It. No it's not. You can pass up the deal on that Bentley too. 'cause you can't afford it. Help you with that, that Louis Vuitton, that $83,000 purse. You can pass that one up. You can pass it up. If you can't afford it, it's too good a deal. Now you can pass it up. It's possible. I see people do it all the time. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am The middle, how gonna be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. Or go to xandr.com.


Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jeanie's with us in New Jersey. Hi Jeanie, how are you? Hi Dave and Jade, how are you? Better Than we deserve. What's up? I need, I just need a little bit of encouragement and some clarification on something I heard you say a couple of days ago or weeks ago, I can't remember. I am baby step three. I am struggling with getting rid of that last credit card because I wanna buy a house next year and I do wanna do the manual underwriting. But you mentioned something about your, like having a credit card is more, even if you're not using it, is more damaging than not having it.


I want my score to be indeterminable, but can that happen if I have a credit card still open on it? No, it cannot. Just tell me to cut it up. No, it can't cut it up. You, you cannot, it cannot be indeterminable while indeterminable, while you have open credit accounts, anything, even if there's zero balances, anything, everything has to be completely closed and zero balance. Okay. As long as it's open, it's still reporting. Even if it's reporting a zero, a zero balance. Okay. I'm already in touch with Churchill, so we're going through stuff, but they, I I couldn't understand what you, how you explained it before the other day and I just wanted some Yeah. I'm so nervous. The damage is, is that what you end up with when you have one credit card open and a zero balance and no other credit accounts of any kind, you're gonna end up with a low credit score because you have almost no credit.


That's what it amounts to. Yeah. Even though it's not bad, it's just you don't have any, you'd be like a 20-year-old or something that just got their first card and the only thing they have in their whole life, they're not gonna have a high credit score with one credit card. You know, and that's, that's back, that's back where you are and that's what you're setting up. So, 'cause the algorithm is based on how you interact, the algorithm that creates the credit score is based on how you interact with credit. It's not based on anything else. And So I, if you have zero, if you have zero interaction with credit, then that's when you have an indeterminable a zero credit score. Jeannie, you said you're nervous. Are you nervous because you're unsure of your credit score dropping to zero When you cut this up, are you nervous because now you won't have this credit card in your life?


Yes. Where's your nerves coming from specifically? I think The nerves are coming from just having that cushion or thinking I have a cushion and I don't want to think that, but I just, I'm struggling with myself. It's just a, a battle. It is a battle. Look, I I'm gonna validate that because the credit card companies, that's what they tell us. They tell us, you can't exist without us. You need us to prop up your life. You can't spend with, they tell they've been telling us this for decades, don't Leave home without It. Don't leave home without it. And I'm, and I'm 53, So I just started this in in January. I'm just like, you know, I've been, that stuff has been drilled in me a long time And you're, and you're single just trying. Yes. And so you're, you, you feel vulnerable. You feel a little bit vulnerable for that reason.


Yeah. And yeah, that, that's very normal. But what that tells us is, and it that, that I went through this, you know, spiritually myself some 30 years ago. It tells me what I'm counting on. What am I, what is in a, in a sense not, not a true spiritual sense, but in a sense, what is my God? What is my, what is my provision? Oh my gosh. You know? Okay, I'm gonna do it, y'all. It's So Good. But I mean it tell, that's what I had to cope with. I went, who's providing for me? Yeah. I don't Like the way you put that. I know, but I, I, I, that's what I had to have here in my head and it wasn't like a golden calf worshiper. I'm not saying that that's not what you're doing, but the thing is this, I I figured out I really can't count on them to make my life good.


I can count on me and my hard work and my diligence and discipline and wisdom and I can count on God providing for me. Right. My heavenly father who's crazy about me. I can count on those two things, but I 100% can't count on Wells Fargo. Look. Exactly. That's A Word. That's it. And that's, that's, you know, who is my provider And that's, that's what they've done. Yeah. They've, they've, they've gotten their tentacles around their claws around that portion of our heart Yeah. That says don't leave home Without it. Don't leave home. And that's, I mean, turns out Daniel Boone did And he did. He was all right. He did okay. You know? Yeah. We gotta stop. He actually got bankrupt. But anyway, But yeah, Instead of relying on credit and credit scores, I, I just like, give yourself credit.


Give yourself credit that you can handle your own money. Give yourself credit that you can budget. And you're a big girl and a big boy. Isn't it interesting how that word is interchangeable? It is credit as in I'm gonna go in debt or I'm gonna give myself credit, credit cred, street cred. Street cred. I'm gonna, I'm gonna give myself the belief in myself. Woo. I'm putting that in the quick read And that, that's what I'm thinking. Yeah. You know, I, I i that but it, that's why the credit cards have be and, and the FCO score, really when we talk about this, don't worship at the altar of the great fi ICO Yeah. Oh, great. Fi ICO provider of all good things.


We bring you offerings of interest so that you give us a bigger score that has nothing to do with nothing except how much we play kissy face with a bank. And you know, we, we really, this is our provider. Yeah. Old Fico, good old Fico. And I, I think of these bad b movies with like a, you know, like a pyramid with flames coming out the top and the, you know, the, the, the, the, you know, the, the face, the face made out stone and the smoke coming out the ears. Yeah. Great Fico. Oh, great Fico. We worship you, you know, like we're Mayans or something. Oh boy. Oh my God. Gimme a break. No, none of that. Yeah. But I mean that not picking on her, but I mean that's where I was too. I I get it. Yeah. We were convinced the best way to become wealthy is to go in debt.


Stay in debt. Yeah. Buy the people who want you to go into debt and stay in debt. Yeah. Oh, they've convinced us of that. The borrower is truly slave for the lender. Good. Hey, we, another one's down. She's gonna cut it up. Jade, we did it. She is, she's gonna do it. She's gonna do it. Kyle's in Spokane. Hey Kyle. What's up? Yes, sir. Happy to speak with you, Mr. RAMSEY and Mrs. Shaw. Today I have a quick question. My wife and I are on baby steps four, five, and six. We recently sat down with a few of your smart investor pros, all of whom are excellent. Good. We've narrowed it down to two. Good. The but there's one big difference between them. They'd both be great to work with, but I hope to get some guidance.


One is strictly fee based. They assess 1% of the account value annually, and that would decrease by a few tenths as the account increases in value. The second is commissioned based where it's three and a half percent of all new money invested in the long term. It seems like the fee-based approach would be way more expensive, but he argues that commission-based guys may use mutual funds with higher maintenance fees to kind of compensate themselves with, Well, that would not be true of a smart investor. Someone that has integrity would not do that. So a smart investor that's wanting to charge you, i I buy commission based, but most people do managed funds, like you're talking about the vast majority of our smart vest pros are managed funds are the 1% plan.


Okay. Okay. The vast majority of em are okay, but there's nothing, there's nothing inherently automatically bad about one or the other. And you're right, technically you'll come out cheaper with the commission base than the managed base technically Okay. Over the scope of your life. Okay. Mathematically, but neither one is a ripoff. Both are worth the money. And so, like, like I'm pretty sure, for instance, Rachel and Winston have theirs on the 1% plan. And I do the old fashioned, the old, the the old fashioned commission plan. That's more of an old fashioned style.


Okay? But it is cheaper. They're called ahas. You're buying ahas and the most you'd get charged is five and three quarter on the front end, and then nothing after that. Nothing ever after that. And so what's it take? It takes five and three quarter years to break even on that. Right. And so after that, you're making money. So 10 years in you, you make, but either one are fi, neither one are gonna keep you from getting rich. Having a good fan financial advisor is gonna make you rich because they're gonna keep you in the game. They're gonna have the heart of a teacher. And I wouldn't turn around spit for the difference. I, if I were you, I wouldn't pick it based on that. I would instead pick it based on which one of these two your wife likes best.


Okay, That's a, that's good advice right there. Which one did she like best? Very Good. Third, which one did she like best? It's the, the fee based. Then go with that. Okay. Thank you. She just likes that, that guy the best. Well, he is handsome. I'll give him that Much. Oh, I didn't mean that. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. No, that's not a reason to pick 'em either. Otherwise, no one would ever listen to my advice. I was about to say, Hey, you were about to say that. No, I Was about to say, I know Dave is not talking about Oh my, oh boy. Oh my, oh my, oh my, my. Who can find a virtuous wife for her worth as far above rubies, the heart of her husband safely trusts her and he will have no lack of gain.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable in Field of Greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health, plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or Field of Greens will Give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau RAMSEY personality bestselling author is my co-host today as we take your calls about your life and your money. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jack starts this hour in Cincinnati. Hey Jack, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, how are you this afternoon? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I've dug myself a hole and I don't know what the right answer is. Well, actually I probably do know what the right answer is, but I don't know how to get out of it.


Okay. What happened? So, well, to make a long story short, my wife and I got married two years ago after Dayton for about six years. We waited till all the kids were outta high school and we could combine households a little more easily after a big wedding. We started trying to pay stuff off, but the minute we got home from the honeymoon, and when business became, when it became the business of a relationship, the relationship changed. And that's where the problem lies. So, and, and the process of paying stuff off Last July, we decided because we weren't making any progress on the four or on the credit cards, we made it a really wise decision to take a 401k loan for $50,000 payable in two years to pay it off.


But now the credit cards are coming back. So I, I've got a list if you want a list, but just not sure what to do with it. What's the, so, so your core question is what, How do I fix this and fix my and, and keep my marriage? Oh, okay. Okay. Wow. All right. So you've got a total of how much debt? 120. Okay. And 50 is a 401k now, right? So th 35 left? That's correct. Oh, 35 of the one 20. Okay.


35. 35 of that 401k is left. Okay, what else? Yeah, so 35 of your one 20 is a 401k loan. What is the other? Yes, 85,000. Okay. So we've got credit card with 11 eight. Credit card was 7,200 credit card with 19 two credit card with 2,902 cars at 31 8 and 22 4. My daughter's car at 2,900, which will be paid off very shortly and a trailer for my losing business at 4,300. Okay. Alright. And what's your household income? About 200. Okay. What's the losing business? What's that mean?


So to fund an early retirement, I have a woodworking business that I do on the side. It's taking up six to eight hours a night and every weekend. And in the last two years, we've lost about $10,000 a year. Okay. So that sounds like 300. That's taking up a bunch of money and a bunch of time. Both. That's kind of an easy decision, isn't it? I need the eight hours to spend on my marriage. I need the $10,000 to spend on something else rather than a losing business. Close it and sell off the stuff.


Why wouldn't you do that? I I could. Yeah, you could. You'd have eight hours to spend on your marriage. You said you're spending eight hours a night on this? I, Yeah, I'm normally in, I'm normally in my shop until between nine and 10 o'clock every night. Yeah, that's good for marriage. Yeah. Hmm. Okay. And especially since you're not making any money. I mean, if you were making $110,000 a night or something, she'd probably be tolerant, but Okay, so you Is that where The $200,000 income, you have cars coming out your ears, credit cards coming out, your ears, now the credit cards are growing back. So that tells us that you're, you guys continue to spend more than you make.


Yes. If the credit cards are growing back, right? Yeah. You took the HELOC out for the credit cards. Tell me what you're spending this money on. Is this just putting food on the table? Is this funding your business? What's, what's going on these credit cards? So three, three of those cards are, are funding the business. One of them goes away in a week because I made a, a big sale. Did you cut 'em up yet? There They're put away. They're not cut up. Okay. There's the problem. No, I, okay. No, I, there's a different problem. I disagree. The two of you have not sat down and said with a written budget that we're going to live on less than $200,000 a year.


Why? To be honest, we have, but then So I, something always comes in. So you just didn't stick to it? It pretty much, So an example of something that comes in is what, $4,000 collection item from Verizon from four years ago that we didn't know was coming or a foreclosure for her and her ex-husband on a timeshare of all things that paid immediately because his credit doesn't need to be affected. I'm sorry.


Hi, I I know timeshares your favorite word. No, I don't, I don't understand why his credit matters to you. Well, Or to his ex-wife. She, she was obligated to pay it in a divorce. Oh, okay. Alright. So she knew she had that And the Verizon bill was hers too. Yes. So she knew, she knew she had that when married was not, she just didn't know when they were gonna drop. But she knew these were unpaid bills. And if she's an adult, I am missing something here, Jack. Okay. I don't understand why this is ending your marriage because the two of you can't get on the same page. Or what, what's the problem?


So, So the, the, the, the stress of the bills is weighs heavy. Okay. And we, we go out and we, we go out and we do, we, we go to like a craft show on the weekend and we make a little bit of money and all of a sudden we're, we're all in and we're ready to go take this business into early retirement. But by Tuesday when it rolls around and we're back out in the shop, it's, it's, oh, holy cow, we gotta make, we gotta work, work again. That's Not, that's short term. That's your side hustle, Right? You have a $200,000 income and the two of you can't decide to live on that. That's what's confusing to me. I think that your mindset is, there's some place in your brain where you think you can kind of windfall yourself out of this.


Whether it's, Hey, we'll just take out the HELOC and that'll be our windfall to get out of this even though it's not. Or hey, we can go to these craft shows and maybe we can make enough money to get a windfall and get out of this. And I think what Dave is getting at is you guys haven't truly looked at your behavior together as a team. If you set a a course and say, we are going to do this, no one else can make you follow that course of action other than the people in the mirror. And that, that's what we're getting at is, So Jack, if, if you wanted to like be like drama, have some Dr. Dramatic moves forward, okay? I can Give you four things right now that if you go do them, by the end of the time you do those, which should be within two weeks, you're gonna have a completely different scenario in your life.


Sell both cars, sell the trailer, get out of the woodworking business, sit down with your spouse and do a written detailed budget where the two of you live on less than your day income. And you guys can cleanest mess up in no time, but you're, you know, you're screwing around with craft shows losing $10,000 a year in eight hours a night and losing your butt and you can't sit down and and manage to make it through a $4,000 bill making 200 k. So you can do this, but you got two stinking expensive cars. You got a stinking expensive hobby that you wish was a business and the two of you aren't working together. That that's the answer. Right? Those four things, hang on. We're gonna put you through Financial Peace University.


See if we can help you too. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, I'm excited to talk about a new sponsor. Burna. You all probably know I'm a gun guy, but I'm big on safety, so I'm also a Burna guy. Burna is the UN Gunn a less lethal option that protects you in more ways than one. A burna is effective self-defense when you need it. It also helps protect your assets from lawsuits if you have no choice but to use force because a Burna pistol, immobilizes attackers without fatal harm. I have several Burna Pistols and I love them. In fact, I had a burner before they started advertising with us. They're easy to use with no recoil and no noise reduction needed. They're legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped right to your door and you can train with a burner right in your backyard. Plus our listeners can get the RAMSEY Burna bundle for 10% off, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo, and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off for RAMSEY fans. See why Burna has more than 15,005 star reviews. Just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave.


Hey guys, no matter what your goals are in 2025, our New Year's sale has tools and resources you need to get the year started strong with prices starting at just $9 and 99 cents. Whether you wanna make progress with your money, grow in your career, or create a more peaceful life, you can achieve your goals. And these books and products can help shop the New Year's Sale now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Jade washau RAMSEY personality is my cohost today. Thank you for joining us. Hey folks, we know a lot of people who tune into every single episode that we do. Thank you for that. And you know all the answers. You can answer the questions faster than we can, but you're still stressed. You're still stuck. Why is that? Because it turns out knowing what to do isn't the deal doing. It is the deal.


You can know what to do and not do it and have no success whatsoever. Thus, the problem with only knowing application is part of wisdom. And the proven way to change your behavior with money is by taking Financial Peace University. It's our nine week class or nine lesson class. A lot of people do it in nine weeks. You get with a superhero called a coordinator that will encourage you and hold you accountable, act as your personal trainer, as you go through and you're in a class either virtually or in a group class over at your church. That's why this class has worked for over 10 million people and after nine weeks, you will never handle money the same way again. The typical person has an $8,000 turnaround in 90 days. That's right. They typically pay off $5,300 in debt in the first 90 days and save $2,700 in the first 90 days. $8,000 is pretty good turnaround. That's a called ROI Return on Investment Financial Peace University. Check it out. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash fpu. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash fpu.


Calandra is with us in Shreveport. Hey Calandra, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you for having me. Certainly. How can we help? I have a question about baby step number one, and I kind of want you to give me a bit of a critique on if you think I'm real serious about this or not. Okay. All right. What's going on? Okay, So I am halfway through baby step number one, working on saving that a thousand dollars. And unfortunately in my city, well really in all of Shreveport, Bosier and some of the architects, our power was out. And So I had to throw away my whole fridge basically and refill it and it set me back a bit, but that's neither really here nor there.


The electricity's back on great. But it's like every time I start to save my money, if something like this happens to me and I'm not really complaining about it, I'm a little frustrated, but I am starting to wonder if maybe I just am not making enough money. What Do you make? It's to even get to that step. Right now I'm making $2,000 a month. I live really, really cheap. I don't have a lot of expenses, but I do have a ton of debt. Yeah. I am making, like I said, 2000 a month. I pay six 50 every month for my rent. Couple hundred dollars a month, like $237 a month for my car, plus another $100 for my insurance, a hundred dollars for my phone.


You know, things like that. How old are you? I save about 3 26. Yeah. For the critique, this is, I do want you to make more money, but specifically for baby, step one, you got like the, the thing, the thing that's gonna keep life from happening to you on this and you know, you take one step forward, two steps back. It's speed. You've gotta come in like a wrecking ball and just bull through this. I mean, you're selling stuff, you're going so hard in the paint. Most people save this within 30 days like that. I wanted to ask you, how long have you been on baby? Step one. Yeah. But $2,000 is, you can't do it with six 50. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. She's gotta go, she's gotta pick up all the work.


Yeah. Do all the things. The babysitting, the house clean. What do you, What do you do for a living? I'm a banker. I work at a bank Full-time. Doing what? I'm just a teller at the bank. Oh, okay. Alright. Yeah. I'm not like one of those loaning specialists or anything like that. I gotcha. I just got this job like two months ago. Okay. Well, not two months ago. Like in February, High school education. The day that I started. Yep. I'm back in college. I'm going for my associate's in business and then I will get a better paying job and then I will continue on with my bachelor's in business.


How are you paying for the associates? Actually, my job is paying for it for me. Great, great, great, great. Yeah, so there's a path. You have a path in front of you to earning more, which is good. But for the here and now, we've gotta find ways to earn more and I'm not saying that I, I I, I like that you're on a path to earning more, but you gotta pick up more hours somehow. Maybe not, obviously. Maybe not at the bank. Yeah. I'm not sure what they offered there. Let me ask you something. Well, okay. When you took the banker job or the teller job at the bank. Yes. The, obviously you were looking for work at that point.


What were you doing before that? Before that I was a full-time artist, a painter and muralist. I was teaching this part-time job teaching art to children in like, okay. So you took the, let me see if I can get in your head for a second. Did you take this job also A part-time job? Did you let, see if I can get in your head a second. Did you take this job to, because it felt like it was like you were like being an artist. You might've felt a little bit irresponsible part-time and all that. This is like a responsible big girl job. I'm gonna get on a track here to build a career. No, you didn't. I actually took that job because of, I took that job because back in the day I was in school for graphic design and I was paying for everything out of pocket.


I'm the first person in my family to go to college. And when I reached out to get support from not only my family but from my counselors as well, I didn't really get a, a lot of good support. Yeah. I didn't get very much feedback and I was doing everything on my own. And then I, I think you're, I think you're amazing. The thing I'm thinking about is I, I would like for you to do something that maybe is not as proof true. I don't know. Rigid. It's not not as whimsical. I'd, I'd like for you to make twice as much money at something that doesn't sound as fun as banking or sound as professional as banking. If you were to clean houses and make 48,000, there you go.


Or you can be a teller and be 24,000. I'll take the clean houses right now. Okay. Look, you're creative. You have a skillset and you have an offering that the average person can't do. There is a way that you can monetize that in some way and make more money at per hour than you're doing right now. Yeah. You I agree wholeheartedly. I I applaud your move in the direction you're going and I applaud all the decisions you're making. I think you're an incredible young lady. It's fun talking to you. I would like for you to find a way to make a, have a, a job that might not make everybody around you think you're cool or proud or whatever, but don't give a crap that makes more money right now. You need some more money.


Money. That's what I'm thinking. Yeah. If you could go make 48,000 on your day job and make another 20,000 on your side job teaching art to kids and create some kind of mentoring program or some kind of tutoring program. Yeah. Or something along those lines. You some are workshops, so Yeah. You get, you get paid ser and, and you know, if I could get your in like, and then that increases your speed. 'cause part of the problem is is that you, you're not making any money. That's right. That's the problem. It's what you and it's not a put down 'cause I think you're moving in the right direction and, and you don't have good people around you to tell you to go do this or go do that. Yeah. And so we're gonna be those people.


Yep. Okay. We're gonna help you. I'm gonna do a couple things. One is, I'm, I'm gonna put you through Financial Peace University, our nine week program. I also want you to take Ken Coleman with the RAMSEY Networks. He has a show on career and on jobs. And he has an assessment, a career assessment. It's $30, but I'm gonna give it to you. Okay. And I'm also gonna Give you his book from Paycheck to Purpose. I'm gonna load you up kiddo. 'cause I think you got huge potential. And we're gonna come around you, put our arms around you and love you, hug you and say Go get 'em, tiger. Get 'em. And you call back here anytime and remind us of this conversation and we'll talk to you and, and help you. We'll be the ones in your corner.


But right now, I would rather you be in a job that is not as, I don't know what the right word is. It's not respectable, that's not the right word, but it's not, it's not as professional sounding. Yeah. I, you know, there's, she's A free spirit. Yeah. She needs a free spirit. Reflective Bankers. Lemme tell you about banking in general. Okay. Banking, big title, little money. Mm. Just in general. Clearly. Clearly. Just in general. And tell her bottom of that barrel, big title. Little money. Lots of, lots of walking around. Like, I'm doing something. No money. So when someone says they're a banker, I always snicker. This is The Ramsey Show.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death. And predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over, profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure so you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid Big Bank Traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Between Christmas shopping and holiday get togethers, investing might be the last thing on your mind, but there are certain things you might need to take care of before the year ends. And you don't have to do it alone. The Smart Vest program can connect you with a financial advisor near you. Whether you've got questions about retirement planning, required distributions, or anything in between, A Smart Vest Pro will walk you through what you need to know. Ed to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart Investor to get connected. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster.


Today's question of today is brought to you by why refi. This is an interesting statistic. 93% of undergraduate private student loans are co-signed. So when you're a delinquent nana, uncle Joe, they're, whoever it was, sign it. They're going down with you. But there is a way out y refi, refinances, defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch. And they Give you a low fixed rate loan that's built for you. This is special. You guys go to y refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be available in all states.


All right. Today's question comes from Paige in Delaware. My parents live in a different state than my husband and I. Everything is fine when they visit, but when they return home, they send us a bill for things that we ask them to purchase during their visits, such as food prep, ingredients for meals, toiletries, et cetera. The items are usually incidentals, not the full cost of a meal. Are we wrong to ask them to help with expenses while they are staying with us? Okay. Y'all Are weird. Yeah. Paige, y'all are weird. That's shocking to me. That's just both of, you're weird. The fact that you ask somebody else to pay for stuff when they're staying in your home, regardless of who it is, is weird.


That's shocking. Have a little hospitality get, you know, they shouldn't have to buy their own freaking toilet paper. And if you're gonna have a meal for a friend or a relative that's staying with you, you pay for the meal. Yeah. And your parents are weird. They go home and send you a bill. Yeah. That's weird. Yeah. I I I'm shocked. I truly am. It doesn't make sense. The only, like, the, the only thing that I could think of where this made sense is if they came and like lived with you for like three years or something, but there's no indication. And even still, I, I have never stayed at someone's home and a, they asked me to pick up something at the store and sent them a bill.


I can't imagine They let me stay at their home and I've never stayed at someone's home who expected me to pay for something. But I always try to leave with let them with more than when I came. It's like, how do you keep a tally of that? How about both sides of this grow a little generosity. Yeah. That's what's at stake here. It's Wow. Oh gosh. When someone stays in your homepage, you should furnish everything and take care of it. You should not ask someone to pay for it. Period. Yeah. I don't care who it is. Oh, by the way, parents, when you stay in someone's home and they ask you to pick something up, pick up twice as much and leave it as a gift to say thank you for letting us stay there. I know that's right. And don't send a bill. Y'all are weird.


Yeah. 'cause where I listen, if my family comes in, I'm the type, I wanna Give you a little care box. Like I want the stuff to be in the room and I don't want you to think of anything. Come to dinner. You bring a Okay. A flowers and a bottle of wine. Yeah. Wine. Yes. Hello. Wow. God, man. Wow. Y'all are weird To itemize. You ate, you ate an apple yesterday. Put that on the bill. It's half a roll of toilet paper has been invoiced here. Toiletries. I'm just saying. Wow. Y'all are weird. I'd love to see that receipt. I'd love to see what it looks like. Half, half a bag of Tostitos. Oh God, man. Half, You know, next nine grapes. Next first time I got the bill, the next time they came to visit, I'd be going motel six over buddy.


Okay. Yeah. You may as well stay in a hotel. You might as well go over there. And you, you, you settle up with those people. There's free breakfast. Yeah, They have breakfast free. Get those breakfast, you get those powdered eggs, man. Six o'clock in the morning at coffee. That's been watered down. That orange juice has never saw an orange. Man. You, you just stay yourself right over there, baby. Wow. Wow. Y'all are weird. Tracy says Boise, Idaho. Hey Tracy. What's up? Hi. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. I have a question. My dad passed away in March of 2023. I'm sorry. My sister and I were originally, thank you. We're originally co-executors. A month after my dad passed things got really volatile and I rebo myself.


I had my attorney draw up a letter to remove me from my dad's estate, let my sister be, and, and I've had no contact with him since. Just via a few texts, a few emails. Very generic. I received an email on September 3rd from my sister's attorney, the probate attorney, asking me to sign a document regarding my dad's home. Had been on the market for over a year and had not sold my siblings wanna close out the estate and put a renter in there, which is not what my dad's will says. But it, because I'm an error. I'm in, I have to sign this document. My question to you is, if I sign this document and I removing all legal representation that my remaining three siblings are just gonna, you know, honor my dad's will and divide things up according to the will.


Basically my dad's will was very generic, was sell all my assets, pay all my debts, divide everything by four. Yeah. Nothing has been done correctly in my dad's will. Nothing has. And I've just let it ha I mean, I stepped away, so I'm fine with that. But my fear, and I and my husband and I are in baby step seven, we're building a home for cash. Okay. What do you want to do with your share of the home? Are you gonna just turn it over to them, abandon it, abandon it, and walk away? That's, I think that's an option's option. Okay. If you're gonna do that, then you can sign the letter. If you want your share of the home, you can't sign the letter. You don't need the money. Thank you. What is it To, well, you don't really need the money. Nope. Nope. We don't. And that's kind of where we're at right now.


If we sign the letter, we're How much is the house worth From maybe once it sells and the debt that there was still a mortgage on it, we might be talking 200,000 profit. It's divided by four. We're talking 50,000. Oh, 50,000 each Or less or less each. Yeah. There's some other assets that, you know, that's not accounted for. And I don't even care. I just, and is it worth it? Is it worth the fight? Listen, You're, you what's end? We can hear it in your voice. You've, oh, I'm, you've gone around and around up on this. Yeah. So I, yeah, you gotta decide. You gotta decide if you wanna reenter the battle or you wanna walk away. So, so if I wanna re so my, my, my position is, and which is what I told my, the probate attorney.


I want the house left on the market and it sold. Yeah. That's it. I don't, I don't, there's, that's it. That's what the will called for. That's what the will called for. The executor of the will is supposed to execute. That's the, that's the name Executor. The will. They're supposed, they, they don't get to make this up. And they're sister, your sister's been making it up. And so my daughter, if I'm in your shoes, I'm gonna either go, screw it, it's not worth it. Y'all just take the money. I don't want it. And I'm gonna walk completely away and never think about it again. Or I'm gonna just tell this guy, when you guys sell the house, I'll take my fourth and no, I'm not signing anything until the house is sold. Well, I feel like in many ways you made that decision when you walked away from being an ex an executor though.


No, No, she didn't, she didn't lose her rights. She just got outta the, I'm not saying that she lost her rights, but you clearly were warned, slap out and we're like, whatever. I No, she, she didn't wanna stay in the day to day rough and tumble. I didn't, that's different than I didn't. Yeah. Yeah. I, I understand what you're doing. No, I, so, you know, the thing is, here's what you're, here's what you're really struggling with is, you know how pissed off everybody's gonna be when you do this? Well, they are, are because they dropped the house below s or right now the house is listed below appraisal or, or value because there's no more money to pay the mortgage. So I, which is fine, I don't care, but I don't want it taken off the market.


My other conflict, Dave, but this is my sister's also the executor and the realtor. And this is one of our first house bills, which is another reason. And I She has the house listed. Yes. Oh, how many times can we spell conflict of interest? Exact. Okay. I just wanted to make sure. Like that's my thinking. But I just, I mean, I dunno how this attorney has kept his law license if he's allowing this. Wow. Wow. Okay. This probate attorney. So I need to, he should be going, no, ma'am, you cannot do that. The attorney needs to be, oh my gosh. Is the attorney one of your siblings? No. So you guys are confirming everything that my husband and I have discussed.


We've been following you since 2008. We became a hundred percent debt free in 2020. Yeah. And Here's the thing. Good. I would just say, listen, I, I'm not angry, just my dad honor, I'm not angry about this. This is not about revenge. I'm just asking. Yeah. Okay. Simply very kindly and calmly that you guys do what the will says. And we really ought to have an Well, I need to hire an attorney. No, you just don't need to sign it. Okay. Okay. If you want an attorney, you could go get one to get advice. I'm not an attorney. But if you just refuse to sign it and say, I, my instructions as one of the heirs is for you to execute the will properly. And that means the house needs to be sold, not rented. I do not wanna be partners with these people 10 years from now in this house.


I don't want the liability. No, thank you. Period. If they wanna buy me out, they can do that too, by the way. That's a great idea. But they can't even pay the payments, so they're not gonna buy anybody out. This is The Ramsey Show. Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us. Open phones at triple eight eight two five five two two five.


Hey, we were talking about the real estate market a while ago and how people are sidelined because they can't find a property because of supply. They can't, they don't wanna walk away from their 2% loan or they're waiting on the presidential election or whatever. Really, if you're ready to move, I wouldn't let any of those things hold me back personally. And if you need some help, get with one of the RAMSEY trusted agents, all you gotta do is go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate and our guys can actually help you get a house sold or bought in this weird market and help you help you pull this thing off. The other thing you need to know, as this particular segment comes to a close, the show will continue on the RAMSEY app, the Ramsey Network app. And if you want to get the entire show every day, YouTube or podcast or whatever, you can get video or podcast. You can get the whole thing on the Ramsey Network app free doesn't cost a thing. Or you know, if you're on talk radio, you're gonna get what you've always gotten wherever it's, nothing has changed there. But a couple months ago, we made the shift to the last portion of the show is now on the Ramsey Network app. There was all kinds of data and stuff that went into that decision. And now that we are 60 days or so into that, it has proven to be true. So our YouTube listenership viewership is up nice. Our podcast completion rate and everything is up and we've still got the same amount of content. And you go to Ramsey Network app, you need to get the whole thing there, or at least the last segment there. If you haven't downloaded the Ramsey Network app for free, not, we're not charging a thing for this. Okay. You can go get it anytime you wanna go get it. So just go over to the Apple store or the Google Play or whatever you're gonna do and download the app and, and get the Ramsey Network app to get started. And so as this segment wraps up, we'll jump over to there with you. Or again, if you're talk radio or whatever, you're, you're gonna be what you're gonna get what you've always gotten. Exactly.


Okay. Amanda's in Washington DC Hi Amanda, how are you? I'm great. How are you all doing today? Better than we deserve. What's up? Hey, So I have a question. I just discovered you all a couple months ago, thank God. My husband and I are in about a total of 90,000 debt and I'm full on board. Like I don't plan on using credit anymore, ever. I do own a business by the way. And so we're going through trying to figure out how to get through the baby steps the best way. But he asked me, he said, Hey, if you don't plan on using debt ever again, why don't you just file for bankruptcy?


And what's A u where's he, what wouldn't it be? We, Yeah. Is it business debt? Is that why he's looking at it that way? Correct. Okay. Well, no, we, it's the 90,000 is inclusive of, of everything personal and business. Okay. Okay. So why would you file bankruptcy and he wouldn't? Well, I guess he's looking at it as, as my debt rather than our debt. And that's part of us getting on board with everything RAMSEY. 'cause before then we didn't have our finances combined. Okay. So we're kind of still trying to change the language and everything like that.


Okay. Okay. How long have you been married? Three years this November. Okay. Okay. And, and break the 90,000 in debt down for me a little bit. What are the major categories? Yep. So I, I have the student loan about 40 k in student loans. And then pretty, pretty much the rest is just like credit cards and personal debt. There's no car? Well, no, just a little bit of cars, like 1900, but it's pretty much just credit card debt. And is the credit cards you're using to keep the business going and what kind of business is it? Yes. So two of them were used specifically for the business and then the other were just personal between the both of us.


Okay. Is the business profitable? It is. It's, it's getting there now. It's been open less than a year and, you know, every Month. No, I mean, getting there is not, what I asked is, are you making a profit this month? Yes. Yes. Yes. How much do you make this month? Profit. Profit wise? Yeah. A little under a thousand dollars. Okay. Okay. So you currently have a $12,000 a year job, which puts you at the poverty level. If you don't get this business moving, Which You don't have a debt problem, you have an income problem. No. So that's not the only job that I have. Okay. Oh, good, good, good. I was gonna ask about that. I was gonna say, this sounds a little bit more like a hustle until it's off the ground.


Are you doing anything in the meantime? Correct. Great. So what do you do? What's your main Job? Your, yeah. What's your income? My income is, we bring about 8,500 to 9,000 a month together. I'm a nurse practitioner. Okay. Okay. And, and that, and so we have our income together that you're, but we don't have our debt together. So here's the thing, student loans are not bankruptable. Right. Okay. So you have a $40,000 bankruptcy or 50,000 bankruptcy, you're talking about not a 90. And you make Oh, okay. And, and you make, you're, you're not gonna get relief from everything by filing bankruptcy. You're just gonna get relief from about half of it.


And do you own a home? Yes. Okay. It's gonna be in jeopardy depending on how much equity you have. Do you have any equity in it? Yes. About 130 K is the last time I checked. Okay. All right. Do you actually live in DC or do you live in Virginia? No, outside in, in Maryland. Actually. In Maryland. Okay. Each. Okay. Just for fun of it, I'll explain to this to you, but it, it is not gonna change our answer, but it's got but, and knowledge will help you. Okay. So when you file bankruptcy, you surrender all of your assets to the court and the court starts dolling them back out to you.


So the court would take ownership of your home. Not formally, but technically. And then depending on what Maryland has, type that into Google right Quick. What's the homestead exemption in Maryland? Jade, while I'm yakin and depending on what the homestead exemption is in Tennessee, it's $7,500. Okay. And so the court would let you keep $7,500 of your house equity after they sold your house to pay your debt? Oh no. Yeah. If you were in Tennessee, now, I don't know what it is in Maryland. Right, right, right. But in Texas it's a hundred percent in, in, you get to keep all of it.


It's exempt. And so is it in Florida? Okay, so each state's different, but let's say that it's 50,000 just for the fun of it. Jaydel have it in a minute. Okay. But basically your home equity's gonna go to pay your debt is what I'm telling you. So your husband's suggestion is based in not knowing what's gonna happen to you if you file bankruptcy. So you find homestead exemption in bankruptcy for Maryland. It's there, but it's not clear. It doesn't say what it is. Let's see. No, it should be just a little chart pop up. No. Okay. Anyway. Doesn't matter. You're gonna probab I'm you Unless they have a hundred percent, which I don't think they do exemption.


Okay. 20 thou 5,150. Kelly just found it in the booth. Sweet. Okay. So 75,000 of your home equity would go to pay your $50,000 worth of debt. So you can't file bankruptcy, you'll lose your house and it'll pay your debt. Oh shoot. You'd just be selling your house to pay your debts. What you'd be doing. You follow Me? No, I definitely don't wanna do Oh Yeah, we Don't wanna do that. No, no, no, No. And still end up with a stinking student loan debt. No, it, yeah, Correct. Yeah, no. So a bankruptcy's off the table. Okay. Even if it, if that wasn't the case, you still wouldn't file bankruptcy when you have 120, $130,000 income on $50,000 worth of debt. 'cause the 40,000 student loan's not bankruptable Anyway.


So even if you didn't lose your house, you wouldn't do that. I mean, what if you guys just lived on 80,000 and paid it off in two years? Yeah, So I've done all the math and everything. He was very hesitant, but is going along now with the plan. Okay. Because I I, we did this back in June. Yeah. So I'm, that's what I calculated was 24 to 26 months. Yeah, that's what I had calculated. And that's Assuming that's how you are now, that's assuming you're not adding any extra income. If Business, your side hustle takes off and doubles, you'd do it in half. You'd do it in 18 months. That's right. Exactly. And that's, So you need, you guys need to get on beans and rice, rice and beans on a plan.


You need to combine your debts, combine your household, combine your incomes, and combine your efforts and focus and kill this. You're not bankrupt. And If you're not using every dollar you need to get on every dollar because that is gonna be the foundation of all of this. If you don't have that, you're not gonna move at the speed you think you're gonna move. Yeah. Hang on. We'll let them pick up and Give you that for free. Okay. We want you to not file bankruptcy. You're not bankrupt. You don't need to file bankruptcy.


What up? What up? It's Dr. John Delony from The Dr. John Delony Show with some amazing news. The latest episode of United States of Anxiety is available right now exclusively on the Ramsey Network app. This docuseries follows real people from my show as they embark on a 90 day journey to transform their lives. And I personally walk alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. And don't forget to click the link in the show notes to download the app. What's up Kelsey? So I've lived with crippling anxiety for as long as I can remember. How do I stop it from constantly coming up in different areas of my life? What does crippling anxiety mean? Paint me a picture of that. All right, so you ready to jump in? I'm ready to jump in. We're gonna check in with Kelsey. 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. I cannot even function because I am just crying. My mom left us when I was four. I truly felt like for a while I had no family. She's Experiencing things that really hurt a long time ago. Tell me about this boy. He triggers me a lot. Scared of losing Paul, scared of doing the wrong thing. Scared of not being enough. It just feels like it would be exhausting to be Kelsey. It is. Whenever somebody's playing whack-a-mole with their anxiety, when it just keeps moving, that tells me the underlying system's not okay. How do I get my inner child out of this relationship? Because I feel like she's running the show. One of two people that's supposed to never leave took off. I was this, I was this burden. You burden that's right to the one person who should carry all of it. Did you ever tell that little girl that it wasn't her fault? I don't know what to do. Do you either have to choose to let this guy love you or you gotta choose to let this guy go.