
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Rachel Cruz Ramsey personality number one bestselling author, host of The Rachel Cruze Show, co-host of Smart Money Happy Hour. My daughter is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Lisa is in New York. Hi Lisa. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, Dave. What, what an honor and I can't even believe I got through. I will make it quick.


I am a divorced now single woman was in a relationship with a man for seven years. He needed to borrow money. I know how you feel about that, but I did it anyway because I thought we were going for the long haul. $200,000 later, he lost all the money. He was doing some crypto something, lost all the money. He has since ended the relationship. So now I am out $200,000, which was basically the majority of what I had. I gave the money with my heart so I can say I'm leaving it in God's hands. If I get the money back. He is making monthly payments, but he is basically just paying me back the interest at this point.


But with the money that I do have left to my name, I'm 55 years old and I approximately have $95,000 left to my name. I would like to know how can I make that money work better for me so that I'm not working forever and ever and ever, which I may have to be, but I wanna make sure that I'm doing the right thing with what I have left. Wow. That's a sad story of how we got here. It is. It is. And I really thought that I was going to be going the long haul with, I still love him. I'm still in contact with him, obviously.


Yeah. He has his own financial problems, obviously. Yeah, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And I, you, you kind of got that part figured out, I hope. Yeah, my number one. Yeah. Alright. The good news is he's in the rear view mirror. The bad news is we're $200,000 poor. The other news is this, let's just play, pretend that none of that happened. Okay? And you were sitting here and you just called me and said, I'm 55, I got 95,000. Am I gonna be okay? Answer is, yeah. If you get on a budget, you stay outta debt. You invest in your 401k and plan on working for the next 10, 12 years. Absolutely. Hundred five. You're gonna be okay Right now, But the 95 is not gonna make you. Okay. Lisa, your work?


Yes. What do you earn? I between 56 and $60,000 a year. I'm a server in a high end restaurant. So some days it's great and some days it's bad. It's not a con, you know, consistent paycheck. But I do love my job. Do they have, do they have 401k available to this? They do, but they don't recommend doing it through our company because they don't match. So I don't, I I save my own money. I'm not a spender. I'm very, very reasonable with myself. I own my own car. I have zero debt. Good. Okay. So really what you've gotta do is you've gotta fund a Roth IRA and you need to be saving Ross on your right.


Are are you out of debt completely? No debt, zero debt. Okay, good. Do you have an emergency fund of any kind three to six months of expenses? Well, that's my, you know, a hundred thousand dollars that I have left. That's, that's not an emergency fund. That where Where is that money Lisa? Right now at 95 Right now I have 90,000 in a high yield savings account, which I was making about $600 a month in interest with all the money that I had. But now I'm down to like 130 a month in interest, which is hideous. And then $14,000 I have in a stock from my ex-husband's work that I just leave.


I don't even look at it. And it grows a little bit and does what it does and I'm just leaving it there. Okay. Here's what I want you to do and I keep the back. Here's what I want you to do. Yeah, go ahead. I want you to Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Smart Ster Pro and find one in your area that can sit down with you and design your investment plan. Your investment plan needs to sound like this. Of the 90,003 to six months of expenses, which is $15,000 for you, needs to go in a high yield savings. The rest of this, including cashing out that stupid stock needs to go in good growth stock mutual funds. And some of it needs to go into a Roth IRA in growth stock mutual funds. Okay.


And you need to do a Roth IRA every year. And you probably need to be doing some in this 401k even though they don't match because I need you to start investing 15% of your 65 or $70,000 a year. And the Roth IRA won't quite get you there. Okay. And if you start investing that, you're gonna be investing 10, $12,000 a year in good mutual funds in a retirement account in 10 years, you're gonna have some money. Okay. So who am I calling? Smart investor pros. There's a list of them at Ramsey Solutions dot com and it's the people we recommend in the investment world.


You can look at them, they'll sit down with you and have the heart of a teacher. I want you to understand what you're doing. That's why we require them to have the heart of a teacher. But basically we're gonna put all this money in good mutual funds, most of it in Roth IRAs, where we can, and maybe some in a 401k. And you're gonna systematically start rebuilding your wealth by steadily investing over the next 10 to 12 years. Okay. And you'll, you'll end up further along than you were before you met crypto bro who screwed you over. Wow. And don't do that again. By the way, I think she learned her lesson. I hope so. I don't think she Learned to. I hope so. The next time someone comes along and pulls at your heart, tell them to take a walk when it comes to your wallet.


I know. And that's where people get in trouble though, because I mean, she said it and it's true. It's like you're in a relationship for years and years and years and years and you can never get married and it's as much liability. You know? Don't they got a divorced? No, I think she had an ex-husband. I think this was a guy she was dating. Oh, you know what, what? Or that's how I understood it. You might be right. I think that's what, I don't think they were ever married. Oh, that's even worse. Yeah. 'cause that I thought we were going the long haul. I think I could be. I could either way. Lisa. So He dated you so he could fund his crypto? Oh, That's not because of, I don't believe that Lisa. No, I think he dated you 'cause he loved you. Yeah. And then except for that part where he had money that he could use and he, and he believed the crypto thing. That's the thing is they just, it's the quick cash.


It's the, it's the Vegas of today. It's like, Hey, here's the smart investing, here's the shortcut. Crypto. If only it was only as risky as Vegas, that would be nice. More risky. Is that what You're saying? Definitely. Definitely more risky than Vegas. This is like a sure thing. You're gonna lose it. I know. Yeah. It's just, I mean, yeah. And Lisa in the single stock, 'cause she was like, I just wanna leave that. No. And so I know, but, but explaining and understanding that that puts you at a level of risk. Because if that company for some reason has a downturn, then that 14,000 is going down and you can earn so much more from a, from a diversification standpoint, but also from the interest rate. You can earn more diversifying and putting these in, putting that money in mutual funds, Lisa.


So when, when we were talking about the single stock, and that's what the Smart Vista pro's gonna be able to help you to Kind of, they can guide you through that, all of it and te teach you all of that. And so, you know, we've just gotta get the majority of that 90,000, 95,000 to work for you. It's not working. $130, like you said is horrendous. And you said that properly, but guard your heart kiddo. You don't get a second one of these that you've already, you've, you've, you've done your one, you don't get another one. Would You have him still pay her? She said he is kind of just still paying me. I would You just let that I would, yeah. I would love him for her to pay her. But my expectation of this is close to zero. I mean, crypto bro is gonna pay his debt. Come on. Really? I doubt it. Scott is in Charlotte, North Carolina.


Hey Scott, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thanks so much. How you doing Dave? Better than I deserve. What's up? So my wife and I were, we moved to Charlotte a few months ago in hopes of trying to find a house and just with mortgage interest rates, we've kind of been priced outta the market around here. And my mom offered me the option to be gifted her house with a caveat that the house is in Minneapolis, Minnesota. And my wife and I are trying to, we're we're trying to figure out, we don't wanna look a gift horse in the mouth. And we kind of want an objective opinion on, we're trying to balance safety and concerns with where we want to live versus being gifted a house.


And we thought, and I I respect both you and Rachel a lot just on money principles and, and in a lot of other aspects. So getting just an outside perspective would be awesome. I don't think you wanna live in Minneapolis the way you framed the sentence. Well, I, I moved out of the Twin Cities in 2020 for kind of obvious reasons and No, it's, it's, we, we we don't wanna live in, in Minneapolis then Don't. But At the same, but You feel like it's crazy to pass up a house. It it's, it's crazy. It is What You feel like it up A Yeah, essentially a, a house that we, we built, we'd be so close to family.


I have, I have two little kids, a 2-year-old, and my daughter is being gonna be born in August. It'd be close to family. It'd be close to everything. Part of the deal is my mom. It's a five bedroom house, split level. My mom would get a room in the basement. We'd kind of take care of her until, until she passes. She'd gets the rest of her life with her grandkids. And we'd get a, you know, a house for half the pro, half the, the mortgage. 'cause I'd be, I'd have to buy my brother out 'cause that would be the inheritance. But I'd, I'd get the ability to raise my family. What, what do you, what do you make a year? I make 125.


Okay. All Right. Well, I I, you know, if I were in your shoes, I would not go for the same reasons that you left are the reasons you don't want to return. And you're creating a family situation that's unusual and potentially strained with a permanent lockdown. You don't have AdChoices. Once you get into this, you can't get out of it. So 10 years from now, you can't do anything with it. You're screwed until she dies. And so, you know, here's another idea.


If you want her to live in your basement and your wife wants her to live in her basement, tell her to sell her house in Minneapolis and come buy a house in North Carolina. I I thought about that. The problem is because my brother and his family lives in Minnesota, I it's, it's hard for her to, it would be impossible really for her to do that. She, it's, it's been her home too. So it's the childhood home. I hear what you're saying. I know, but I mean, it's, it's the same. Scott, Would y'all move there because you, the way the pros were, there's family and all of that. Would you move there if you weren't, you know, given this deal, would you guys look for houses in Minneapolis in that Area? No, they already left. Well, No, I'm asking. Yeah, it's a, it's a hypothetical question.


Yeah, no, It did. Minneapolis would not be our choice. Okay. So that helps the answer. I need Scott answer. Well, we that because you left. Yeah. Okay. So Yeah, but he's going, He's talking about going back. So my thing was, if the deal wasn't there, is there any part of Scott that would wanna go back at all? You're, you're a good son and your mom misses her grandkids and it tugs at your heart. And that means you're a good guy, but it's a bad idea. Okay. Okay. I, I appreciate that. I can, I can I just say too, I, I really appreciate, I, I started baby step two in 2018 with $220,000 in student loan debt. And in three years, four months and 21 days I became debt free.


Wow. And it was all due to your teaching. So I know it's, I'm, I, I'm an honored to speak with you Dave, so Thank You for everything. You too. How much do you have saved for a down payment? We have about 70,000 saved. Okay. Go number. And we have 2020 go 20 miles further out of Charlotte than you've been looking. And it's gonna start to feel like the boonies 'cause It is. Yeah. Okay. And you'll find a deal and you'll find a real estate deal. Okay. Charlotte's a good market. But the, it it's like a, any typical good, solid mid-size city, Charlotte, Nashville are very similar except Nashville's outgrown it lately.


But the further you get from downtown, the shape cheaper, the prices are okay. It's like if you drop a pebble in the middle and the rings that go out, those, that's, that's an urban growth theory. As the rings go out away from the city, it gets cheaper unless you run into a mountain or a lake and then it goes up because of those things. But other than that, it's gonna get cheaper the further out of downtown you get, and you'll find something there. You've just been looking in a neighborhood you can't afford and you make 120,000, you have $70,000 down, honey, you, you can buy a house in Charlotte. And it's not the interest rates that are keeping you from doing it, It is just the whole shift in your whole life. And, and things shifted on you in the economy while you were making these moves around.


And so you're still, you're still reeling a little bit from all these moves and all the, the, you know, the well, and I think you left your home in a, in a violent COVID rioting situation, which is why you left. And two things really going on there bad in the Twin Cities at that time in 2020. And there a lot of people left there. Yeah, yeah. At that time. And, and you're looking for freedom and you're looking for safety and security for your kids. And, and then while you did that, everybody came out their caves after COVID at like a Baptist looking for a casserole and buying houses left and right. And that they ran the dead gun prices through the roof and, and then interest rates bumped on top of that.


And it's, it's kind of given there by a little bit of deer in the headlights For sure. And has been for a while. But I think what's hard is his dilemma, what I was hearing him say is, are you, are we crazy to pass up this crazy financial opportunity? You know, you're not crazy. And so that's the, that's the thing is that when people get presented, they feel like, oh my gosh, I need to shift my whole life. My gut check is is resolve Everything around that. Yeah, Yeah. Because it, because it's such a huge deal. Yeah. 'cause to your point, the market, the housing market can feel so impossible. So someone like, kind of gives you what feels like a get outta jail free card and you're like, is that crazy that I'm not taking that card? But No, it's, but the way he phrased It is what you were saying too earlier, is that he didn't, he didn't really wanna go.


Right. Like, I mean, like, you're just doing it because you feel like there's like this asset out there and I'm crazy if I pass it up. But, and it wasn't a free and clear house either. I mean, the, the ties to family with your mom, that's A lot of strings. A lot of strings. And we hear this a lot even with family members that have like a plot of land. We got this call a few weeks ago and they wanna, everyone wants to build on it and everyone chip in The old family compound nightmare. Yeah. But what's hard is like, you're stuck there. 'cause if you wanna move your family wanna live, you know, with some stranger in the house, you know, so like, I mean, you, you do, you get put in these permanent situations 'cause other people build their lives around your decisions. And that's what You gets hard, you discover is there are no forever homes other than heaven.


And so locking yourself into something forever, you're gonna set yourself up for getting your head taken off. Yeah. And you know, there are some daughters-in-law want their mother-in-law in the basement, but not many As the audience is laughing. Well, I mean, you can love them, but they're easier to love from a distance. I mean, it's just, that's, you need a little boundary here. It's, it's nothing. It's not, it's not a lot. It doesn't mean you don't like him. Doesn't mean you don't love him. That's not the point. But yeah. Yeah. Sharing his space. So that's suchs a really good question. And the beautiful part about that question. It's just, just sweetheart, he just, he loves his mom, he loves his brother and his, he, he, she misses her grandkids. You know, she does. Oh yeah. I can relate. If, if you guys try to take the grandkids and leave, I'm going with you.


And so I'll live in your basement. Here Comes Dave. There we go. Here comes Dave in the basement. But yeah, yeah, that, I mean, it's just, I I can, It is hard. It's hard when families have been separated by these, by this political thing, really. I mean, the number of families that have left California and left the Twin Cities and left New York and have moved to other areas during this time is it's record setting. It's a record migration. Chicago one of the largest migrations in American history in the last five years. And so, and changing the shifts in population, the shifts in voting, blocks, everything. It's very interesting and it's very, very real. But in the middle of all that, as grandma doesn't get to see kids, grandkids, and they were down the street and that just tears your heart out.


Man. It's hard. And I, I appreciate his heart being sweet about that. That's, that's important. And that can skew you. So it's good to ask in the multitude of counts of their safety. I understand why you'd wanna do it, but I wouldn't do it. That's the answer to your question.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's A gut punch. And Oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, terrify. You're gonna have a crisis here. And you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. And turn, take care of your dad. Gun, family man Term life insurance can replace income, pay off debts, cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying, I love you to your family term life insurance. Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Hey you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen, y'all, there's a better way to take care of healthcare costs. Chm programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Mason is in Huntsville. Hi Mason, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, Hey guys, how are y'all doing today? Great. How can we help? Yes sir. I just had a quick question. So I've started a business within the last year. I'm coming up on a year in business and I am curious if I should open a business credit card or to continue to cash flow my business. I feel like cash flowing, the business is almost holding me back from my potential. It's holding you back from going broke. That's your, that's your potential industry. The number one cause of small business failure is cash flow problems. Cash flow problems are caused by business debt.


Don't, don't listen. If you love your business, don't borrow into it. Okay. So What are you doing? So I am a running a mobile RV repair business. Okay. Full-time or are you working a side job too? Or is this a side job? I, this is a side job. I'm 20 years old. I'm in college and I also work full-time as a software engineer. Great. Good for you. You're a hustler man. You got a lot going on. We're proud of you. That's good. Okay. So how much volume did you do in your business of mobile RV repair? So in the past year to date, I've done 68,000.


Man. Good for you. In revenue that's not profit. Yeah, I know, I know. But yeah. So how much of that would you call profit? So profit, I would say probably about 20,000, give or take. So why did you, how'd you spend 48,000 on a mobile repair? You've been buying tools and trucks? So yes. When I started out I was running my business out of my Tahoe and then I purchased a company vehicle to run calls on as well as purchasing all the tools. And a lot of the parts in this industry, unfortunately cost a lot. So anywhere from 1100 to 2100 on Just one singular part most of the time. Oh, okay. So your cost of the call. I gotcha. Okay. All Right.


How'd you learn to do this Mason? So I have a really big mentor back home that kind of got me into this. And overall just, I've always enjoyed working with my hands. A lot of It is just pretty common sense, honestly. Hmm. No, it's com it's, It is common as common sense, which is a guy like you. Way to go, man, I'm proud of you. So here's the deal. Thank you. Here's the thing you, I I want you to grasp. If you're looking for secret sauce in your business, his name is Mason, you're the secret sauce. No one else's brain works just like yours.


You're, what you're doing here is an anomaly. It is wonderful. You are the key to this. Not more tools and trucks. Your brain works fabulously as an entrepreneur, you're doing a really, really stellar job. The only thing you've gotta do is keep from getting caught up in, if I spend more, I'll make more. Not necessarily. Okay, So what would you buy on this credit card? 'cause you've got the truck and the tools Primarily parts. So for example, you Wanna stock parts, Not stocking parts necessarily, because I do already have a stockpile of parts.


Most of the parts I use on an everyday basis. But there's certain things that I don't carry in stock on me that will cost a few thousand dollars. Like recently I had an air conditioner that was 1900 and a awning that was 1800, which left me with like 400 bucks in my business account. Okay, two, two answers to that. That's a really good example. Thank you. This is very helpful dude. You are, you're, you're like 10 years ahead of yourself. I'm so proud. This is amazing. So Thank you. I really wanna encourage you, but I'm begging you to not use a card. Okay. So number one, I want you to start setting back a larger percentage of your profits because now your profits should be greater than they were last year because you're not buying a truck or tools anymore.


Quit spending all your money on crap in the business and use the crap that you already own to make some money. Okay? Your investment year was last year, your profit years this year. Okay. You following me? Yes Sir. If you don't spend it all on more tools and parts this year. So, so be careful with that. If you're doing that, a larger percentage of your 70,000 a year, it will be profit than it was last year. Agreed. Yeah. Okay, then we're gonna take a sum of that profit and start to build a little pile of cash for buying parts with That's fix number one. You're gonna be your own line of credit. Okay. Okay. Number two fix is I'm gonna change my terms with these customers anytime.


A part that I'm bringing as a young 20-year-old college student to your freaking $300,000 rv. Anytime I'm bringing you a part in excess of a thousand dollars, you're advancing that. Okay. Let them pay for it. 'cause they're gonna pay for it anyway. Yeah, that's what I was wondering. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, because recently I've only been doing 50% of anything over Thousand 50 percent's fine, but if it's over a thousand, I don't need, I don't, I don't need you to cover my labor. I don't need to deposit on my labor, I'll risk that. But I'm going over here and picking up a $3,000 air conditioner for you and I'm 20 years old and in college. So you need to pay for the air conditioner dude.


And the guy's gonna go, well sure. Okay. And just let you know, I'll, I'll, I'll listen. Here's the invoice. You just cut me a check for that. And then you use his money to go buy the air conditioner and then the, and then you just charge him for the other stuff. And that's not an unreasonable thing. You don't wanna nickel and dime 'em on little stuff. But if you, you know, settle limit anything above two grand or upper or 1500 or yeah 1500 or whatever. So that gets rid of the cash flow problem. And if you did have a cash flow issue and you wanna dip into it, you can build your own line of credit with your increased profits. Don't fall into the credit card trap Mason. You're way too bright to do that. You got way too much potential. This thing's got upside, man. And, and the way your brain works, you're gonna be able to start something in a few years, this or something else and go, you're gonna go bananas.


That's great. You, you're getting some really good business training right there. I love America. I mean yeah, just an RV procurement. I'm unemployed. I'm unemployed, I'm not. I'm fixing RVs out of the back of my Tahoe and I'm 20 and I made 70 grand While you're sitting on your thumbs talking about how everything's falling apart in Trump world. Gimme a break. This is an awesome country. I love the free enterprise system. God, man. As long as we got kids like that. There's hope man. Life is good. Michael Michael is in Palm Springs. Hey Michael, how are you?


Hey guys, Thank you so much for taking my call. Really appreciate it. Our pleasure. My wife and I are going through a bit of a financial challenge. Really need your advice, longtime listener. So I kind of have a general idea of what you guys will say already, but I lost my job in August. It was a higher paying job And we have a significant amount of consumer debt, about 120,000. And we're considering selling our home to get out of the consumer debt. And then also the home. We used a family friend to finance it. It's on a private note right now that is interest only.


And if we were to sell the house, we would clear all of the debt and then also have about maybe 80 or 90,000 in the savings. So I wanted to get your advice around that. What were you making before you lost your job? I was making, I was bringing home about 150 and my wife doing what brings home. I'm in the financial services industry And it's, it's, that was August and this correct? This is what are you doing now? Why, why are you not reemployed? I am, I am I I got rehired at a different firm in January, but it's a different position that makes significantly less.


What are you making now? About 65 70. Why did, why did you do that? It was a bit of out of necessity, but because I did lose the job, I couldn't really find another higher paying position. What were you doing? I'm a branch manager for a retail bank. Okay. All Right. Now, Now I'm, I'm just a traditional banker. Oh, I See. So I'm not in, no longer in management yet. Okay. Well if you're gonna adjust your life to your new income, then yeah, this whole deal makes sense.


But I I'm still wondering, once you make 150, you ought to be gravitating back that way and not be settling for 65. Maybe banking ain't your thing 'cause that's a big drop. I think you're worth more than you're getting paid. So I'm, you know, is selling the house fixes the temporary, does it fix the permanent? That's what you gotta ask.


Buying or selling real estate right now is a big deal. And between all the clickbait headlines and the confusing data out there, it's tough to know what's actually going on because people try to hype it up one way or the other. The real world is this, the median house price in America today is 431,000. That means half of 'em are above that and half of 'em are below that. That's what that statistical measure means. Interesting and inventory's up. There are more houses on the market right now, over a million right now than at any time since 2019. And prices are up and interest rates are down, they're down under 6%. So it's a good time actually to buy and it's actually a good time to sell. So 15 year fixed is 5.9 right now, just to give you an idea. And so if you wanna know data like that, you, you know, check out the housing market trends. We help you do this with Free Tools, doesn't cost you a thing. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market or you can click the link in the show notes and we'll show you the stuff that's going on out there. For real no hype.


Josh is in Atlanta. Hi Josh, how are you? Hey Dave, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Same here Dave. Same here. So about two, two years ago I started my financial journey and it was, it partially inspired by you. I came across one of your videos and I was at a point in my life where I met my wife and my family really needed me to step up and my wife has some medical issues. She also, you know, was touched by tragedy. She had lost a child previously and it kind of exacerbated some issues and, you know, it got in the way of her job and she was in recovery.


Anyway, long story short on that note, once we got together, I was able to pull us out and I was able to overcome and become debt free. And good for You. Recently, about eight months ago, I found out about a massive windfall that she would be receiving it. It was due to a legal settlement. And for the past eight months I've just been on a journey where I've been dead dedicated to not getting this wrong. And I, I, I'm basically at the point now, Dave, where I had my plan. I've been doing nothing but working on it and I'm kind of circling back to where I started 'cause I'm at a crossroads.


I have an appointment with a wealth management firm tomorrow and I'm looking to get the money on Monday. And I have my plan in my hands. I have all the voices out out there that are telling me all different types of things. And I'm just kind of bringing it back because what you did worked and your, your overall life philosophy and, and ideals align with mine. So you don't need my money and I just, I just don't wanna get this wrong Dave. So I'm coming to you just to say, what do I need to know? What don't I know. 'cause the scary part is I think I kind of have an idea and that's what scares me. Okay. Thinking that I know what to do.


How much is this? It's gonna be 4.7 million after tax Lump sum. Yes sir. Okay. Yeah. That'll, that's enough to scare you if you're wise and you are wise obviously. So a couple of basics we can cover and you probably already know. These is the wealthy people that I know and I know thousands of them and I've studied them as well. Our firm does research on them violate the stereotypes that, that not wealthy people think they do. Not wealthy people think that wealthy people have some kind of trick bag that you can do a, a double back flip.


Family partnership, limited bull crap. They don't exist. Okay. The secrets of the rich are this keep it simple. Very, I see simple rule number one. Rule number two, don't put money in anything unless you understand it. Rule number three, you and your wife meet with the people that are teaching you. And don't ask your wife what she thinks. Ask her how she feels. Okay. Who can find a virtuous wife for her worth as far above Ruby as the heart of her husband safely trusts her and he will have no lack of gain.


If Sharon has a bad feeling in a meeting, it's the last one. Wow. Okay. She doesn't even have to explain it. It might be he just had bad breath. I don't care. We're not going back in there. Okay. And that has saved me. Wow. Okay. That has saved me hundreds of thousands of dollars of Dave doing stupid stuff. Okay. Okay. I'm serious. Yes, sir. Those are three very simple principles, okay? You don't have to be fancy, you do have to understand it and your wife and you need to have a piece about it. You've had a lot of turmoil, a lot of medical issues, a lot of drama.


It's time for some peace. And the finances need to add peace, not anxiety. Okay? And if you feel yourself tightening up in your chest, that's God talking to you. Take a breath, breath, walk out. Don't do it right now. If it's not adding peace, we're not doing it. Josh, I wanna, I'm curious. You said I had a plan and now I'm, yes, I'm thinking about it, but I don't know if it's right. All of it. I'm curious, what, what would you have done with this money if you hadn't called? What, what, what was the plan? So what I came up with, and I'm gonna get it wrong 'cause I'm nervous half because I got that meeting tomorrow half 'cause I'm on air, but no, you're, I'll try to get this right.


No, you're good. I I was gonna establish a trust. I was gonna put money into the four types of mutual funds, you know, growth, growth, income growth, aggressive growth, international little thing. I came up with Dave on my own, my Josh, and then I was going to have an emergency fund. And then I was gonna look at and getting into some physical real estate growing up, my parents had a service industry locksmith. And they based their business off of property managers. And you're gonna pay cash. And I know a lot of property managers, I'm gonna pay cash and I'm gonna start off small. I'm not gonna get greedy. I would do everything you're doing except I don't think you need a trust, Really.


No. Okay. Trust does nothing here. You don't, you don't have an estate tax problem. And trusts are mainly for estate tax problems. Okay. But I think everything's, I think you're, everything you're doing there, assuming you can be competent in the real estate part of it, which I think you can, you were getting ready to explain that when I cut you off, but yeah, I, I I'm with Rachel. I think that's wise. Now the other thing is, I, I don't, I, when you, when I hear the phrase wealth management, I get a little bit hair on the back of my neck. Okay? So, okay. I, I don't know what you're going into over there tomorrow. And so just, just keep it simple, which is what you've done so far.


Don't put money in stuff you don't understand, which is what you've done so far. And if they want to change the direction of that walk, I see You're capable of doing this. This is not rocket surgery, you can do it rocket Surgery. Well, it's a combination of brain surgery and rocket science. Right? Yeah, I like it. It's all that's, Yeah, it's very, it's it's very complicated. Kinda like brain science and rocket surgery. Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah, Absolutely. That's it. I mean It's, yeah, I, I guess the core of my question to, to be specific and I don't wanna take up all your time with her issues with being in recovery, they're kind of at a sensitive point in time.


She kind of needs me for at least 24 months. And so what I'm looking at, I'm, I'm weighing the options of can I do the work? I have a fire in my belly, Dave, I'm ready to Go to work, but my family may need me. And before I was selling my time for money, I'm a federal security contractor and make about $50,000 a year. I'm no longer keeping the likes on. I'm keeping my family healthy and guiding us and orientating the ship. Well, I mean, and looking towards the horizon, if this, if this generates a 10% rate of return, you're gonna have 400, $500,000 a year coming in. Yeah. Man. Managing the family office. Yes. Yes sir. Okay. So I I mean point if you're rental properties are cash flowing to the tune of net, net, net of 10% of everything.


Okay. And your mutual funds are averaging 10%. I mean, you're gonna be dealing with that, which is more than you've ever money than you've ever made in your life. Do You guys have kids, Josh? Yes, we do. Okay. We're blessed with a 14-year-old and an 8-year-old. Okay. Yeah. Is she, is she emotionally capable of attending these meetings? She is emotionally capable of attending these meetings. Our strategy's always been in the same day. I'm not wanting to stress her and ask her to make all the financial sophisticated decisions. I just want her feeling on the room. I want her to feel the room. And I want you to meet with more than just the person you're meeting with tomorrow. Meet with the Smart Vista Pro too. Get some other people in your corner. Get, get a second opinion or six.


All Right. Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the Customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The Ramsey tribe is incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up And we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them at Fairwinds dot org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the Ramsey tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So Go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey.


Larry is with us in Atlanta. Hi Larry. How are you? Pretty good. How you doing? Better than I deserve. What's up? I love to hear it. Well, my question today isn't really about me, it's about my parents. So both of my parents are completely debt free. They've always been really good with their money. They have about $110,000 in savings and they have nothing invested in a four, no, 401k, no Roth, no nothing in the retirement because I think it's mostly more, my dad always doing the stock market. It's more of a gamble and he fears it. And now that they're in their mid fifties, I just want them to retire at some point. And me being an only child, you know, it's gonna be kinda more burdened on me when they kind of get older.


'cause you know, I got, I can't really split, you know, help between siblings and all that stuff. And you know, any little extra income probably on their end would help 'cause they can't work forever. So I'm just trying to figure out how can I convince my dad to stop being scared of investing and finally get him to start doing it and trying to convince him that's not too late. Is he asking? Not he, I brought it up first and then he kinda asked me like, you know, why are you kinda worried about me retiring so much? I'm just like, I just want you to retire. Have a good life. You see, you know, my grandparents, they've, they're doing well. They're never worked about, you know, 10, 15 years or so.


They're doing good and I just want you to have the same thing. But right now I'm just not really seeing it going that way. You know? How old are you? I am 24. Okay. All Right. I appreciate your heart for him. You're, what's running into is what's called the powdered butt syndrome. Right. Once, once someone has powdered your butt, they don't really want your opinion on sex or money. Right. And so it's very difficult for 24 year olds to advise 55-year-old dads. Oh yeah. It's Just a, it's a, the dynamic of that relationship is very hard.


It's very unusual that your dad would go, Hey Larry, tell me everything you know about investing. You know, it just doesn't really come up that way. Usually it's almost like they snicker and roll their eyes when you start talking. That would be more normal anyway. So, you know, the only thing I can do is, there's two things that have three things that have worked. One is I would pray for them and ask God to speak to them in some way or another. And two is, one of those prayers is who could speak to your dad that he would listen to.


Right. Does he have an uncle, a brother, a friend that is your childhood friend as well, but he admires them and respects them and never powdered their butt. I'm not quite, he, he has been kinda listening to me somewhat, but I think in my approach to it, maybe, 'cause I'm still learning all this stuff Too. Yeah. It might be that, that that's fair. But I'm saying, is there a, a, a person that's six, someone else that's 65 that he looks up to? Probably his parents, which would be my grandparents and I talked about. They might have more, they might have more say than you would have. Matter of fact, I know they have more say than you would have. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. If your Grandpa, if your grandpa sat down and said, Hey, if you had parked that a hundred thousand in a s and p for the last two years, you'd have an extra 50 grand right now that you don't have.


That's what it cost him in the last two years. It cost him $50,000 in the last two years. Right. We had a 23% year and a 26% year. 23 and 24. That's what the s and p did. If he just parked it in his simple standard and poor. So it cost him $50,000. So that, that's, that's the other thing. Now the third thing is you can do is don't talk to him about him talk. Tell him your story. This is what I'm learning. This is what I'm doing. This is what's happening when I got out of debt.


This is how I feel different. I feel more hopeful than I did. And I've learned, here's what I learned about the market. I I'm investing in the market and the reason I am is I looked at it and I realized it's the track record on the stock market. Even though the bad news is always on the news. The the track record on the stock market is as solid as that house you and mom live in. You didn't get a guarantee on it. And I wanna own real estate and I wanna own mutual funds. 'cause both of them have a long-term track record of going up and neither one of them have a guarantee. And I, that's what I'm doing dad. But you don't have to say and you should do it too.


Don't add that. So you're changing your approach to telling your story. Yeah. How do you, I'm curious, Larry, how do you know that they have nothing invested? Are they pretty open with you just about where they are? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Growing up my dad is like, he never told me not to invest in a four one care or nothing like that. Yeah. But I always, I've always heard him say Marks like, I was just gambling. You might as well just Go to a casino. I even know, I, I know started learning about, you know, s and p of 500 and Roths, all that stuff. And he's known about it for a long time. Yeah. Longer because he is been alive longer than that. But he just sees it that there's just no difference. And I think he started listening to me 'cause I did buy him the book retired inspired and I recently gave him two of my copies of Dave Ramsey's books and he's been skimming through it.


I think he's starting to open up. I'm just trying to like, it's just, there's just like something I'm not wording right. Where I think he will do it. Well the statement statement that market is the same risk level as Vegas is an inaccurate statement mathematically. I agree. It's just, I mean, it's very simple. The market is closer. It is more akin to single family homes than It is Gate Vegas. Right. And so you can, it, it does go down more than single family homes when it goes down. Single family homes seldom go down. Almost never. Right. But, but, but it does that you don't have a guarantee on either. And what you're, when you're investing, what you're learning to invest based on is the track record.


And when someone makes a statement like, oh, it's the same thing as going to Vegas. That means they just don't understand the track record of the market. And so there's some interesting, right. I'll tell you one to pull up and look at and you might even just send him the link over and go, Hey, I was, I was studying this. What do you think about it? There's an interesting chart on American funds Go to American Funds website and it shows what the market has done. And they have a fund called ICA, which is one of the largest and oldest funds investment company of America. And you can Look at that or you can look at the s and p. It's the same. It'll do about the same thing. And and you can go, okay, looking at the s and p in the last 25 years, there's been three down years.


Right. Interesting. That's way different than Vegas. Oh yeah. That's the s and p which is the market. We've had three down years in annualized basis in the last 25 years. That's kind of shockingly stable. Yeah, It is. Yeah. So I mean pull up, you can pull up stuff like that on the s and p that, that that old ICA fund is just interesting 'cause they've got a great illustration. Yeah. And just have some patience. Larry, if he's been saying this your whole life, this is gonna be an untangling of a mindset that he's had for 20 plus years. So just have some patience. Yeah. You know, it's not gonna happen overnight. You got A long project on your hand When you try, when you try to change your parents, it doesn't happen overnight.


Trust me. I'm just kidding. I'm Kidding. I knew this was coming. I'm kidding. I knew I wasn't getting outta this call unscathed.


Today's Ramsey Show question of the day is sponsored by Why Refi when you're tired of making no progress on your defaulted private student loans. Why Refi can help you explore a fresh start with low fixed rate financing. So it's time to stop spinning your wheels. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey learn more. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from, is it Mikayla in Virginia? What do you think about the recent government proposals to give a baby bonus payment to encourage couples to have kids? I'm gonna be honest, I'm not up to date on all of this stuff, but is it, I don't think it's, is it to encourage people to have kids or is it like a hey, here's like an assistance to like a child tax credit opposite. You know what I mean? Like I kind of see it as like a opposite of a tax credit, but it's like, here's a, here's a thing, Here's the deal. The only reason you had a kid is 'cause the government's gonna give you money. You got issues.


If I could sing, I would sing And and your kid's gonna have issues after you had issues. So it's a, it's a bad motivation. How Much is it? Do you know? I don't Know. I should have known. It doesn't matter. The government needs to stay out of this crap. Having babies shouldn't be a government operation. I'm just saying they can screw up Christmas. They don't need to screw that up. So I mean No, it's not. No, no, no, no. I would go for like childcare stuff. How About over like how about just everybody live your own life and you don't need the government for your own freaking life? How about you go do something with your own butt and I like childcare stuff. Quit waiting around on the government to give me a money. I'm not waiting around. But your life is not gonna be better because of the government ever.


There's never a time where you went, oh, the government saved my bacon. No, they stole my bacon regularly. That's what they did. So there you go. There we go. Y Kevin's in Cleveland. Hi Kevin. How are you? Not bad. How are you? Better than I deserve. How can I help? So I, I'm gonna, I'll keep this as brief as I can, but there's a lot to it. So basically about 10 years, my dad died. My sister moved in with my mom. He, he had her set up, my mom set up to where she could live in her mid nineties without having any, any issues. Cha any change of lifestyle at all with that ranch house and everything.


They ended up buying a, a large two story, five bedroom, four bath house. We're currently, they have a mortgage. My, my mom's savings is gone. She's got early stage of dementia. Wait, Who? All the mortgage. Wait, I'm sorry. Kevin, who, who bought the house? His sister screwed the deal up. My mom. Your mom. But your sister's the one kind of assisting in all of this Causing it? Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. Your sister screwed it up. I got, that's what I heard you say. Did you say that? Would you agree with that? I agree with that, yes. Okay. All Right. Okay. Sadly, but, so basically neither of neither of them would be able to afford this house on their own at any point.


So my mom's monthly income is paying, going solely towards the mortgage. And she's got early stage dementia. Her savings is gone. Been trying to get it me and my brother have been trying to get, you know, things situated and, and what we think would be a better, better, better situation. But there's backlash from my sister. No. And I think, I think, I think my, my mom is convinced by, by her to have it. I mean, like she, I don't know who Has power of attorney, So I'm not sure anyone has power of attorney yet.


It's not A medical power of attorney. Well, I don't think she's been diagnosed with any, Right. My, my, so she, she was on me some medication for it to kind of slow it down. Is there a will and a healthcare power of attorney? There is a will, there may be a healthcare, but I was thinking you were meant financial. Well, It is the same thing. Oh, okay. I mean, he, healthcare can dictate, healthcare can dictate the care, but once someone is declared incompetent due to dementia, then the power of attorney takes over and runs the estate. Who is that? I probably Your sister. I Know my bro. Well, my brother was, was talk, my brother's the oldest out of us, and he was the one that was talking several months ago about going and getting it.


And I, I keep on having to remind him last time I, I was like, Hey, did you get that? He's like, oh, no, it slipped my mind. Thanks for reminding me. I'm assuming it still hasn't been done, but I don't, I don't, I don't know. There, there's a copy of that stuff somewhere. That's what you're saying. Go get I, I get, I, yeah. I Don't know. It's not publicly recorded. It's the, the family lawyer or your mother has it in lockbox or wherever the will is. That's where It is. My, my understanding is he was going to get going with my mom to get, for him to get power of attorney. Oh. Too late. She's got early onset dementia. She can't grant it. Oh. If she's been diagnosed as not as being semi mentally competent, she can't start signing documents.


Okay. Has she been diagnosed as that or is that y'all's, just y'all's suspicion. Well, I know she, I know she's been to a doctor. I, I don't know whether or not she's, she, she definitely has it. 'cause I mean, you could sit there and talk to her and she'll, she'll repeat the same thing over and over again. Lose some kind of, if if you signed, if she signed over something, you would lose it in court when your sister contested it and your sister will contest it. Because what you're gonna do with it immediately sell this stupid house. Yeah. If you got it. But, oh, well. Okay. So what are we gonna do? Well, I, I guess, I guess that's a question I'm at, at, at, at at this point. It seems like I'm, I'm the lone dog. If, if you will. I mean, I'm the only one that's really willing to do anything about any of this.


So I, I, I think I, I think that I have to kind of look out for myself in this at this point. What, what have You, what have you got in it? Well, I, I guess that's my question is what if, if she has to go into long-term care or anything, or if, if there's any, any debt that befall, I mean, what, what kind of liability do I have? Or Zero? Unless you sign for it. I don't. Okay. If you go over at the nursing home and you sign up for it and you say, I'm liable, then you're liable. But if she just goes in on her own, your children are, you do not inherit your debts. Okay. And so any, so if this house gets foreclosed on and your sister, your sister may, she probably signed on it.


She probably, they probably go after her. But, but you know, you're not, let's say, say your mom had a credit card. Okay. And that owed, owed $50,000 on it and she dies. You're not liable. Okay. The estate is, if she owns anything, when you die, what you own stands good for what you owe. Assets. Mines liabilities. That's the estate. But the in, but the heirs are not liable for anything. But your sister would be if her name's on the house, if she signed, Yeah. I mean, you're not li house li you're not liable just because you're the kid. Are you worried, Kevin, that, that you, she's not gonna have money to go into an assisted living even She's not like, is that part of your question?


She's not. Yeah, she's that, yeah. That's, that, that's, that's part of my question. My, my whole question. Ideally, I would want, I mean, I I, I've offered to, to have her live with me, my mom live with, and, and them sell the house and, and, and get something more of my Yeah, because it's, it's my sister and her and her daughter and my mom. Yeah. And that's, and, and a gigantic house that they can't afford. And it doesn't make sense to me. Yeah. Ideally, I would like all all that to, you know, ev everybody to have money. But Does she have insurance, Kevin? Like long-term care or anything? Well, that's, that's another thing. I don't, I apparently they do, but I couldn't get the specifics on it. And I, I, I asked probably a year ago for it, and then when I asked again, I kind of got yelled at.


Yeah. Oh, Geez. And, and, and accused of some things. So, Well, I don't, I don't know that you're gonna be able to, I don't know that you're gonna be able to affect this situation no matter how bad you want to, unless prior to her dementia episodes, she had signed a power of attorney that in the event that she became incapacitated, this person was assigned. That is a standard package with a will usually. So if there's a will somewhere, there may be a healthcare power of attorney and a power of attorney in the event of diminished capacity, that would not be unusual. That's a fairly, like if you Go to Mama Bear Legal Forms and you do a will, they're gonna have those two things in the package.


Okay. That's a fairly standard basic will set. So if that's, and hopefully it's your brother that's laying somewhere. Your brother probably has great power here to help your mom and put your sister where she belongs in the street. Oh, God. And so that's where she should be figuring this out. Instead of being a dead gun rent apartment. Paras, I can't rent parasites. Parasites in the family are awful. They're just awful. Just gross. I get it. So, yeah. Take care. Take care of your mom buddy. If you can, but you're not liable.


Hey, you guys, if you're looking to save big on groceries without sacrificing quality, you've got to check out ALDI. That's right, Rachel, because let's be real. I'm bougie, but I'm also frugal. So you are bougie, George. Thank you for admitting it. So why pay more for the same stuff? Just because it has a fancy label. ALDI shoppers save up to 36% on a typical shopping trip, over name brand products at other stores, which adds up to about $4,000 per year for a family of four. It's Crazy. Yeah. And you know what? Their organic produce, their fresh meats and even their private label, it's all delicious. So it's good quality stuff. It's not gonna bust the budget. And the best part, no membership fees, no gimmicks, no headaches, just a simple shopping experience with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. So beautiful. Okay. So stop paying more and start shopping at ALDI. Find a store near you today at ALDI, us. That's a ldi. US


Two weekends are on sale now for the Money and Marriage Getaway. You can spend three incredible days in Nashville with your spouse, learning the tools to strengthen your connection and deepen your intimacy and more. Dr. John Delony and our own Rachel Cruz. Both of 'em are our own, I guess here in November or in February, you can decide February is over. Oddly enough, the marriage weekend's, oddly enough, over Valentine's Day, tickets started at only 4 95 per couple. They sell out every time. There's just a handful left for November if you wanna come. It's November 6th through eight. February 12th through 14, 7 49. A couple. Did I, what'd I say? 4 49. Oh, I was about to give a discount. Well, I know, I thought, I just wanted to make sure everyone knows. Thanks. Yeah, Dave can't read. Okay. Clear It up. Just clear it up. Cleared up. Cleared up before, before we get out of this. All Right. So check it out. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash getaway. Or if you're on YouTuber podcast, It is in the show notes.


Christine's in Chicago. Hi Christine, how are you? Hi, Dave. How are you? Better than I deserve. How can we help? About three and a half years ago, my 15-year-old daughter passed away. Oh my gosh. In the world. I'm So what happened? You know, she was really struggling with mental health and she just gave up. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you. Wow. After how three, did you say? Three and a half years ago? Yeah. She died in 2022. I can't even imagine. I'm so sorry. Yeah, Thank you. After she passed, I, I let go of everything. I was evicted out of the house.


I was rented for five years, lost everything. Just kind of gave up on everything. My ex-husband, I was staying with him for a little bit, and then I got to the point where, you know, it's like it came to sink or swim. So I started door dashing GrubHub. I was living in my car for a short time, and I have a family friend that reached out to me and she was like, come to my home. You know, I'll help you get on your feet, you know, mental health wise and so forth. Well, I just got a job opportunity. I just signed my offer letter. I started a job in two weeks. This is the first full-time job I've had since my daughter passed. I'm gonna be making roughly about 64,000 a year.


Good for you. I'm in. Thank you. I'm in debt about 30, and part of that is my car, my car loan. I have one more payment for a funeral expense. And the rest is just like, you know, medical bills, no credit cards. I just don't know. I just don't know how to like, get on my feet. I don't know. Do I jump into this job and go run and get an apartment? Do I pay off my car? I, I, I feel like I just don't know what I should do once I start this job. I'm so proud of you. Thank you. You're crawling out, kiddo. I'm trying. I I really am. It's been real hard. It's been real hard.


I can tell. Pretty Much. I can tell. So how, how's your, how's your emotional state? Are you doing okay? I'm, I'm a lot better. A lot better. I would say probably the last year has probably been, I Don't wanna So this friend given you a safe spot, this friend given you a safe, soft spot to land was a, was a godsend. Yes. Wonderful lady. Wonderful lady. Yeah. So how much longer do you stay there? Should you stay there? Is she expecting you to stay there? You know, with me getting this job, you know, she's motivated me a lot. Everything from getting out of bed to showering, to, you know, finding this job that I finally got, you know, she wanted to see me in my own space, but she's not at the same time making me leave anytime soon, if that makes Sense.


I would, I would ask her what the timeline is she thinks is appropriate. Okay. Okay. She has been such a blessing. The last thing you wanna do is overstay You're welcome. Agreed. Absolutely. I agree. Absolutely. Okay. And so, because I don't want you thinking three months and her thinking three days. Sure, sure, sure. I, I want, I want us to be aligned and then, you know what you've gotta deal with because Yes. Your first job with the new job and with the emotions and everything is to create a sustainable situation. Definitely. Okay. And that's food, shelter, utilities, and transportation and clothing and that's it.


The debt. The debt. I'm not worried about today, other than you gotta pay the car payment because you gotta keep 'em from repoing it. What do you owe on the car? Yeah, that's, I owe about 18,000 on it. Okay. Right now. Do you want to keep it and pay it off quick? Yeah, that was like my, you know, my plan. And that's like the biggest reason why I've always like, kind of, I, I, I bet to be honest, I've been teeter tottering with the, you know, it being repossessed, you know, like How far behind are you this Week? Right now? I am just shy of two months right now behind on it. All Right. Job ones get current on the car. Definitely. Okay. Job two is figure out housing and the timeline. Okay. Okay.


So is the timeline three weeks, three months? Three days? I don't know. Let's figure that out. Sure. And, and, and so, so once the car is current, then we're gonna establish when we move out, and when we do move out, we're gonna establish food, shelter, clothing, transportation, and utilities. Okay. If you keep all that going, this is your first step to reestablishing your life. Agreed. Foundational. Okay. It's foundational. Absolutely. Okay. Then we can worry about getting out of debt, building wealth, and being outrageously generous. Okay. Okay. But, but right now we're worried about eating and car payments and apartment. Christine, have you written down any numbers than any level of kind of, even a mock budget?


Have you done any of that? You know, I really haven't. Okay. You know, as you know, as weird as it sounds, is that, you know, you know, sometimes just, I have to be on a schedule, otherwise I can't get outta bed, I don't wanna shower. Yeah. You know, so this job is gonna be a big deal for me because Yep. Giving me a routine structure and the goal to, you know, keep going. Yeah. Well, and I think for the, I think the first, one of the first steps possibly that could be a gift to you, is just to sit down And we're gonna give you EveryDollar premium or budgeting app. It is to kind of just create a mock budget. It doesn't have to be for real. The numbers that you type in don't have to be, you know, locked in stone by any means, but just to say, okay, okay.


The apartments around, this is kind of probably like the average rent for a one bedroom. Here's what I think I can find. Sure. Okay. I'm just put that down For rent, for food, how much will groceries be? And just estimate some of these things. And again, they're not real life 'cause you're not living there right now. Sure. But once you kind of start to get these facts, Dr. John Delony, our friend always says, facts are your friends in like, especially kind of a crisis situation. And this could kind, this could ground you. There's a level of anchoring, of peace, of, of facts that it's not driven on emotion. It's just this is exactly the reality of my life and what I have to have. And then, and then compare that to what you'll make after taxes, what will hit your account on that first paycheck. Okay. And all of that's gonna, and the car loan, I mean, all of that. I think it's gonna give, it'll give you another plan with your money.


Just like a plan and a schedule you have for your day. It's just another routine to have in your life that's really healthy. And it's really good because I think it'll, I think it'll ground you. And I really believe it's gonna give you some confidence to see, okay, here's my, here's the reality of what's about to happen when this first paycheck hits, and here's what I'm gonna do with it. And again, it may take you a month or two to kinda get caught up with everything. Sure. But I think that's, I think that's a great first step. Financially, it takes You from a financial takes. It takes the trauma and the drama outta your brain and puts it on paper and makes it look like what It is a non-issue. Okay. You're, you're be you're mathematically you're okay. Okay. You're gonna be fine. Okay. If you just stick with this, how much is your car payment?


It's about four. What is it? 4 26? Yeah. Mathematically, you're gonna be okay. If you're making 65,000, just make sure you take Yeah. Make sure you load up the W2 and you don't have hardly any withholding. There's no point in you having a bunch of withholding. 'cause you're not gonna have hardly any taxes in Chicago. Sure. Okay. Okay. Okay. And so I want, I want most of this money coming home and, And we're gonna get the car payment current. We're gonna get a apartment, we're gonna buy food, we're gonna buy lights, we're gonna buy water, and we're gonna put gas in the car. And you probably got some clothes and you know, I, and, and now we, now we're set. Now we can start talking about going from here. But what that, what Rachel's right. When you put it down on paper, it looks back at you and it says to you, you're okay. Okay. Okay. That's what it, that, that's what that structure does for your brain.


It says you're gonna be okay. Sure. You're gonna be okay. 'cause I can see the budget, but I've done 10,000 of 'em. Yeah. So I know what your budget is. I can already tell you, but I, but that doesn't help you. You, when you write it down and you go, this is what an apartment, this is food. This is my $400 car payment. This is life. I can do this. This is gonna work. Christine, you're Amazing too. Make you smile. It's gonna make you, I'm so proud of You. You're amazing, proud of you. I mean, walking through what you've walked through, it's incredible. Absolutely incredible. Thank you. So we are cheering you on, so Thank you. Thanks so much. Hold we're hold on the line. We're gonna put one of our hang on the line. We're gonna put one of our Ramsey coaches at our expense. You'd not charge you a dime. We want, we wanna make sure, we wanna be part of your story, part of your healing story.


And they're gonna walk with you and show you just exactly what we're doing here. And we'll get you the EveryDollar full package and FPU and the whole daily whatever. We'll get you in everything. You, you're, you're, you're, you're amazing. Wow. Wow. Tina is in Trenton, New Jersey. Hi Tina. How are you? I'm doing well. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Okay, a quick question. I am retired, sold the family home, and I've been renting for six years now. So my house money is in the bank, and now I have an opportunity to buy a condo, which is in the mid two hundreds, which will take a good part 75% of what's in the bank.


But the HOA fee and taxes are about $1,400 a month versus rent, which is around 2000 a month. And I'm just wondering, is that worth it? Like I'll be stating 600 a month in fees for the month. So it's $600 less than my rent, and I'm taking money out of the bank to put It into a So your total nest egg is how big? The total nest egg of the cash, the free cash? No, everything. Everything you own. Oh, everything I own would probably be 700 and some thousand. Okay. And you're putting 200 into a condo. And then the question is the high HOA fees.


Well, I, I kind of got a little sticker shock like you did listening to this, and then I look and I see you live in New Jersey, so, which you got ultra high property tax there, right? Right. Yes. So I don't know if this is high or not compared to other condos in the area. If, if you said, I mean, if you, if you went and bought a 400,000 condo five blocks away, what would be the HOA fee Again? They would range from 500 to a thousand. Okay. So this is unusually high. It's about, yeah. 860. Why is it high?


It's a condo in a resort town with great, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. The HOA fee is for running the HOA, which would be doing repairs, maintenance Yes. And taxes and insurance on exterior structures. Okay. If the taxes are the same as the one across town that's 500, then we don't have a tax issue. Okay. If the insurance is the same as the one across town that's five or 600, then we don't have an insurance issue, which tells me the thing that the HOA may be run poorly. Ah, okay. Then this is just the H oa, the taxes are, are would be like 500.


The taxes are separate. Yes. Taxes are 500 H OA is like eight 60. Correct. Okay. Well, I wanna know some history on this. HOA if I'm u and figure out if it's being run poorly because they're has to be a reason that this is high. Okay. If I don't get a logical reason, like we just put in new parking lots and we're assessing everyone, so it's in there. That's a logical reason. And then the fee may come down later. Okay. Or it may be, there may be something else going on. But when, if, if the average in the area is eight or 900 or a thousand, and this is 1400, they are devaluing these condos by running them poorly.


Oh wait, I I'm sorry. The 1400 included the taxes. So if you back the tax out, the HOA for this condo is like eight 60. So it's it's about the same as others in the area. Yes. Okay. I'm sorry. I completely misunderstood. All Right then. We don't have a problem, do we? It it's incomparable. And the question is, and it's less than rent. So is that a reasonable thing to Yes. You own it? Okay. And I suspect it's gonna go up in value, is it not? I would hope so. Well, I mean, is the area okay or are you moving into the, a bad neighborhood? It, it has potential.


You sound like someone dating someone. It has potential. I mean, I just feel like I'm going from the has potential of, of savings account, which in guaranteed funds to real estate. And I'm like Buying a piece of real estate for 200,000 and having fees associated with it, still around 1400 if they're compared, if they're, if they're market incomparable in the area does not sound like a bad idea as long as you're not buying in a bad neighborhood where you're gonna be unsafe or where the property values are going down instead of up because of crime or something else. And so that's the only thing you've got to consider. But 'cause 200,000 sounds like a very inexpensive condo in Trenton, New Jersey to me.


Property values there are pretty high. So, but I mean, you Look at that and if you feel comfortable with the, the long-term implications of owning this, meaning it's gonna go up in value and the HOA fee is incomparable to others and the taxes are incomparable to others. I like the idea of you owning rather than renting to stabilize your future. Yep. Amen. Good luck, Tina. So you're gonna be a condo living lady. There you go. So, right. So it's one of the things that, you know, your most expensive line item in your budget folks is housing in almost everyone's budget anyway. And if you rent, it goes up every year for the rest of your life. And so if you retire at 60 or 65 and you say, I'm gonna rent until I'm 90, you, you know, your, your most expensive line item is going up every year.


Yep. And so what you get when you buy, even if you had a mortgage payment, a fixed rate, 15 year mortgage payment, even if you had that, when you buy, you have locked in and stabilized the largest line item in your budget. So it's stabilizing your golden years is what we're doing. In her case, she's paying cash, which is awesome. It's even better way to go. And she's only got, you know, to the maintenance issues. Yeah. And so Totally, you know, she, the HOA is covering her maintenance on the exterior portions anyway. And, And there's no line item there. I mean, besides the maintenance and the thea, But I mean, she's got, she's got this coming out and there's no mortgage.


The, the HOA fee may go up some as taxes are, and the in taxes and the insurance probably will go up some as you go along and make sure you have your insurance reviewed every year, and that you keep the proper amount of coverage, even if it does go up a little. And property taxes. I mean, politicians just can't keep their hands out of our pockets. So you can count on that. And, you know, the maintenance stuff may or may not go up or down. You can run into all kinds of stuff there. But I, I would rather be in an ownership position because A, it's going up in value and b, I've stabilized that more ex that most expensive line item in the budget. Yeah. And that's why we always tell people, especially when you heading into your retirement years from 60 and above, that you, you really need to get into a property.


You really need to get it paid off because you're, you're locking in your future. You're, you've got a foundational issue here in your future. It's not as much about the investment as It is the sustainability. No, that's good. Open phones here at triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Thank you for jumping in America. John is in Salt Lake. John, I'm short on time. Go straight to your question. Hey, so I got an infant and a new, a toddler and a new baby. And we got about $36,000 in debt and I make about 3,200 a year and I have no idea What, 3,200 a month? 32,000 A year. 3,200.


The 32,000 a year. Oh, a thousand. Okay. That's helpful. Okay, good. I don't know what to do with it. I'm just over my head with it. What do you do? What do do for a I I'm a scrap iron worker. Okay. And what do you make a u an hour. So I usually make about $15, but I guess I'm overtime too. Okay. All Right. Well, target's paying 20. Yeah, I've never had a birth certificate or social security number number and that's a whole other deal of itself. Okay. Well that'd be something to work on, wouldn't it? Yeah, it's been a long ordeal.


Yeah. Expensive one too. Yeah, I I think I'd work on that because it's gonna help your employment options because your, your biggest issue is you have a very low income. Yes. What Is the 36,000? I'm not, I'm not picking on you. That's not a shaming thing. It's a math thing. What's the 36,000 entail? The debt. So we had different credit card debts and then like, the majority of It is I had to take a loan from my dad for the first baby. And that was $9,000. It was a complication. We were trying to have an at-home birth and though it had to be a C-section and so we were able to pay for that through a thing called a stork program.


It was 9,000. And then we just had to, had to borrow that from my dad. We had had it paid down about 4,000 of it. And then we also had to pay for the surgeon and doctors. Okay. And then we had another baby and there was another complication. Sorry John. It's a hard time dude. The answer to the equation is, is the things you were already working on is you get a more stabilized, more normalized life with a birth certificate and then you're able to get more normal employment and raise your income considerably. And that's gonna help a bunch honey. And that's what you need to be working towards.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp, my friends, listen, I know it feels like the world is falling apart and I know that we're all under huge pressure to perform and to look like we're keeping it all together at the same time. Here's the statistic that blew my mind. 76% of people globally agree that mental health care can help resolve personal problems. Yet six outta 10 people still believe that society discourages people for asking for help. Here's the truth, real bravery, real strength comes when you open up about what you're carrying, how you're hurting, and learning something you can do about it so that you can be your best for yourself and for everyone else in your life. If you're feeling the weight of the world, please talk to someone. Anyone a friend, a loved one, or Yes, a therapist. I see a therapist every week. If you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time easily and for no extra cost. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Ever Look at your phone bill and feel like you're trying to decode a top secret message. $17 and 42 cents for advanced signal optimization. What even is that? Well, luckily, Boost Mobile keeps it simple. Just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data with no contracts. Absolutely zero nonsense and a price that's guaranteed forever plus boost backs it up with a 30 day money back guarantee. So you can try it without feeling trapped. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash Ramsey to make the switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash Ramsey.


Wendy is in Cincinnati. Hi Wendy, how are you? Hi, I am doing good. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. Hi. Sorry, my question is, so now my husband and I, we are looking into getting a divorce and I am trying to, he won everything in half, half of everything, but I'm trying to find a way that is more fair for both of us. So back to when we got married. Years, How long have You been married? Years. 10 years. Why are you Divorcing? That's where I'm about to get to is financial infidelity.


So, and just a lot beyond that. So, so 10 years ago when he walked into the, we, we got married and he was in $300, 300,000 student loan. So we, you know, I kind of came up with a plan to help him pay it off. It's that we basically spend nothing and he has to make another extra $1,000 a month. So, which is, you know, working, picking up a weekend a month about that. So 10 years ago he came into the marriage with $300,000 in student loan debt. You guys teamed up and paid it off?


Sorry, I, I couldn't hear, but I, yeah. Right now, 10 years ago you said you got married and he came in with $300,000 in student loan debt and you guys teamed up and got it all paid off. I wish that team up is is the case. But that wasn't really the case. So 10 years ago I kind of came up with a plan. So he has to pick up another $1,000 a month And we are gonna invest in rental unit and the rental income basically gonna help pay off our expense and pay it off. So what ended up happening is he did not ended up doing any of those extra hour, which refused to pick up any shift. 'cause he said that's not his life passion and the income.


He ended up took it. He took it and spent it. So what you been making, Wendy, what do you make a year? I make 140,000. Okay. And and you put up with this crap for 10 years. I would put on for way too long. And the thing that now it gave me a lot of, I just try to always believe that, you know, he just needs some more time. So I ended up working two jobs. I am the one ended up picking those extra shift to help him pay because every time when they come to when bills need to be paid, just say he doesn't have the money. Yeah. Why when Wendy, you spend Extensively, Wendy, I got really bad news honey. I'm sorry. The law doesn't care.


In Ohio, when you get a divorce, you're gonna split things 50 50 unless there's something else other than you just earned more and he was lazy. That one doesn't work. That's what the lawyer's gonna tell you when you sit with him. But you need to go sit with a lawyer and find out for sure. But I think that's what you're gonna hear. Okay. That you put up with this for too long. For way too long. Yeah, for way too Long. So what do you guys actually own? Do you actually own anything? Money? Yeah, Real estate. We owe a rental property and also our current home, what's it worth? And also the rental property worth 300,000 around there.


Our current home worth about 400,000. How much debt on the 700,000 real estate? Yeah. So everything is paid off. Oh, it's all paid off. Oh geez. Yeah. Oh god. And you did all of this with your sweat while he sat at home and 'cause it wasn't his passion to work much. Do you have Kids, Wendy? Yes, we have a kid. And that's what my, my, so we moved to the state where his family is, so I really don't have a support network. And when we got married, he agreed that we are only gonna live here for a few years and then we gonna move to From you volunteered for all this. Okay. Where we came from, you can't, you, you stayed put when you, you all, you had the option to say no on any of this and put it to an end earlier than you did.


So it's now over. I'm sorry. Where Are you guys in the divorce process? Wendy, have you filed She hadn't even talked to a lawyer yet, have you? We are, we are just yeah, we at The beginning of it. Yes. Yeah, I'm sorry. But what you're gonna discover is what a friend of mine who does divorce recovery figured out and that is, is the divorce turns a marriage into a business transaction and a legal transaction. And the law will state that child support may be some alimony. Maybe you'll get some alimony out of him. But I doubt it doesn't sound like this guy's exactly. Gonna be coming forth with a bunch of money. Maybe you can negotiate a large, you know, let him have the rental and you take the big house or something. You may get a little more than half in a settlement in a settle deal if the judge will approve it in Ohio law, I don't know Ohio law and I, and I'm not an attorney even if I did.


So you need to talk to one. But most states don't care if the, if the mom was a stay at home mom and didn't earn an income for 10 years, she gets half. That's what I was thinking about. If the, if it, if it was flipped, She gets half and your husband's a, you know, not work much while you work all the time. Yeah. He gets half. I mean, you sign, you, you tolerated it. And so I'm not saying you did something wrong. I'm glad you hung on, tried to make it work. But that's where you're stuck with kiddo. I'm sorry. That's an ouchie. Well, and it, it's one of those things too, I'm like, where things start when it's starting out, all the intentions are good. Right. And then you start to watch it just drift and drift and drift and until a huge red flag is thrown, it ends up getting here.


But, but, but that's the thing too, is I'm like, if it was a, if it was opposite, if this was a guy calling and saying his wife was home, right? Why does it, why does it make us seem Angry? That's like he was like lazy. The no. If she was at home saying, it's not my passion to work much after she had made a commitment with $300,000 worth of student loan debt to Be commit Yes. To, to work. To work and help get it paid off. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's fair. I'm gonna bring down on her just like I'm gonna bring down on him. That's fair's. Nobody gets out of that one alive. Yeah. Yeah. So That's fair. That's, you know, you know, this is someone who, someone else, his mommy has taken care of him his whole Life. Oh no, I I I was hearing who, who he Is and so his wife was his new mommy and that's what happened. He's a mama's boy and Oh yeah.


One Mess. Well that the only, the only positive Wendy out of all of this is He's gone. Well, I mean, seriously, I'm like the, the attitude and the, the mood that he probably brings her down day after day. Yeah. And you'll be free from it. And you may make more money, Wendy, being out of this situation. Oh, you definitely will. So you'll definitely will. It is one of those things you just have to, It's easier to swim without an anchor tide around you. Yeah. I mean, it's just way easier. Yeah. You're gonna bust out girl. It's gonna be great. I'm sorry, I hate to But you get a lawyer because I do the hate People hate people ending marriages, but you know, it's sound like you got rid of a, you know, you get a, you get a fresh start kiddo and with or without some rental property and with or without the details on the house.


But, you know, even if you just pile sell it all and pile it up in one pile and split it down the middle, you're gonna be okay. You're gonna be fine. You're, you're gonna be All Right and you can live wherever you wanna live. You don't have to live there. If you don't wanna live near his family, take off, go back where you were, go back where you wanna be. You get to decide now. And so the, the future is bright. There were a lot of storms in the past in the rear view mirror, but they're all in the past. Well soon, soon to be anyway. Ouch.


You ever tried to explain this Ramsey stuff to a friend that's kind of all encompassing a little bit hard to just goble and put it all out there. Right? So we're gonna help you with that. We built a RAMSEY 1 0 1 Playlist. I say we, I had nothing to do with it except I'm on it. But it's an easy to share Playlist. It covers all the basics for somebody who's just getting started with this whole Ramsey thing. Like what are the baby steps or how's the debt snowball work? Or how's a budget work? Or how to build an emergency funder? Why do they talk about God? All this stuff. It's all on there. Click the link at the bottom of the show notes. You open Ramsey one-on-one Playlist on YouTube, text it, DM it, send it to a group chat. Say, Hey guys, I think this might help. Don't go, you're stupid. Start doing this. That won't help. Don't be condemning with it. Be nice and just go, I hope this helps you, it helped me. Or I'm, I think this is funny. Give it a look. Whatever. So if you're listening on the radio, we got a Playlist featured at the top of our YouTube channel. So think of at least one person in your life and share it with them. And it could change everything. We appreciate it. 'cause by the way, when you guys share our stuff and you like click the click the share button, or you click the follow button or the subscribe button, all those kinds of things, it changes all the algorithm stuff and it moves our stuff to the front of the line and people start seeing it because of you. So Thank you for sharing and when you say nice things, like five star reviews and stuff, kind of nice. Thank you. We appreciate it.


All Right. Jennifer's in Chicago. What's up Jennifer? Hi Dave and Rachel. I'm, I'm just so excited to be talking to you today. I literally just found you guys literally 30 days ago. Oh wow. I'm really excited. Well, Thank you. Welcome. Thank you. I have a question. I got served a lawsuit last night. Ooh. For, I have credit card debt that's all in collections for context. I'm 38 years old and I am finally awake to my life. I've spent my adult years in and out of psychiatric hospitals trying to, you know, suicide due to my childhood. So now that I've unpacked that and I feel like I'm in a healthier spot, I really just, I wanna be debt free and listening to you guys, like, I feel like this is my first route.


Mm. Wow. What do you make, what's your income? 40,000. Good For you. Okay. Well, I'm proud of you for getting stable. That's, that's great. That's quite a journey. Thank you. Well done. It's been a journey. Okay. How much do you owe on this particular credit card? This one is 1200. And How long has it been since you've paid on it? 2022. Okay. All Right. And who was the original bank? Credit one. Okay. All Right. There's a high likelihood, like almost for sure that they have sold that debt. They have sold it to a credit bureau. Yeah. Or credit agency. A collection agency.


It's a debt buyer. Yes. Okay. Debt buyers buy old bad credit card debt for around a nickel on the dollar. Okay. And so that means they've got somewhere around $75 invested in this. Okay. And what they do then is they buy like 8,000 of these accounts and they badger the crap outta people and sue people until they get some money outta some of 'em. Most of 'em file bankruptcy and they get nothing. But a few people will pay it and they end up, because they only paid a nickel on, on the dollar, they end up on average making some money. So this is not personal. Well, for context, this is not personal. This has nothing to do with you. You just si you just got put on a conveyor belt in a factory.


Okay? That's what this is. Okay. There's 8,000 that looked just like you that they processed last night. You follow me? Yes. I, I want you to get that it'ss Scarier than It is. Yeah. I Got, I want you to get that. 'cause it's different than you owe your little brother money. Okay. A different set of emotions. But they're gonna try to tap into the little brother money emotions when you get on the phone with 'em, because most of them, the function that they use to collect is being a jerk. So they're gonna be jerks, I'm afraid of they're gonna No, you can count on it. So just make a game of it. Okay. I'm calling a jerk. Here we go. Ready, set, go.


It's not personal. He doesn't know anything about me. He has a crummy job where he abuses people verbally over the phone to try to get money. That's who you're calling. Okay. Okay. Just kinda have fun with it. And sometimes, And he's The guy, you, sometimes they even change their name, they make up funny names. Well, And the, and the, the turnover in that industry is like 30 to 60 days. So the guy you're talking to will probably have a new job in two months anyway. So just remember that like, it, this is like, okay, Because cleaning a septic tank is more pleasant than doing what he's doing. Okay. Really think about it. I mean, what a horrible job. Yeah, Absolutely. So this is what you're dealing with and if you have these pieces of information, then it helps you. So do you have any money? I have about 3000 in the bank right now.


Good. Do you have, did they give you a court date when they served you? Yes, they Did. When It is on the 24th. Good. Okay. I don't care if it goes to court and they win. No big deal. Okay. Nothing really changes. They're still trying to collect from someone that they don't get money from. So when you get on the phone, here's a couple of pointers. Number one, this is a game. Don't let this get into your psyche. Okay? Okay. Their job is to make you afraid or angry because when your brain does that, you move into fight or flight mode and you lose your critical thinking skills. That's their job. And they're very good at it.


Be ready. Okay. Okay. One of them called from American Express when I was going broke 30 years ago, and asked my wife why she would stay with a man that wouldn't pay his bills. And she called me crying and said I was thinking the same thing. Oh my gosh. Right? This is what they do. Okay. Okay. Bit ready. And so this is again, and by the way, that guy's, that woman's name was Mrs. Savage. Oh, stop it. Okay. So, I mean, this is how, this is how ridiculous this world is. It's ridiculous. So this is what you're entering into. You need to know that. 'cause you gotta stay above it, especially with what you've been through. Okay? Absolutely. So this is a game number one. Number two, they didn't pay anything for it.


Number three, we're not giving them payments. Say no payments. Dave. No payments. Dave. No payments. My financial counselor told me, I can't give you payments. I'm your counselor, and I just told you you can't. Okay. Wonderful. All Right. Okay. You can bad guy off of me. And tell 'em Dave Ramsey said it. That'll make 'em real happy. Okay? I get pissed. Yeah. And so, All Right, that, that, this is just fun. Let's have some fun with it, right? Oh yeah. And so no payments. And what we're gonna do is I just came out of a mental episode where I've been fighting suicide and I don't have any money. Okay? I think I can scrape together $300 if you will accept that as, here's the phrase, settlement in full.


Okay? And somewhere three to 500 bucks, you'll get this done. And do not give them any information about you. No contact information, no new job. No bank accounts. No bank account information. They get no information. We're not going to give them any leverage. This, okay? You're playing with evil. Don't give evil a foothold. Okay? Okay. And so, no information, it's a game. We're gonna settle it for a lump sum, no payments. And lastly, do not give them any money until you get it in writing. What the agreement is.


Because Jim, Bob ain't gonna be working there in 30 days. I'm writing all my notes down. Okay? Email could be, Has to be, has to be that could email or, or Email's. Fine. Has to be in writing in some way. And then you print the email out hard copy and keep it in a file for the rest of your life, okay? Because you can tell these people are lying if their mouth is moving. Okay? All Right. This is what you're dealing with. Now. I, it's a different culture Now. I have all my credit card debt is in collections. Can I handle all of my Money? You do. Do every one of 'em that way if you want to. Okay. Or if you got a small one, just pay it for God's sakes and get it out of there. How Much do you have Jennifer in debt? Total. So I had $10,000 in credit card debt.


I actually hired a credit consultation company and they got 6,000 just wiped away. Okay, good. That good? So now I'm down to four. Okay. That's great. Well then you, and you got three so you can get this clear pretty quick. Yes, I have. Because lemme tell you, with what you've been through and with you establishing a new life of sustainability, putting this stuff in your rear view mirror as soon as possible and not keeping it, not screwing around with it for six months is a good idea. Is That all the debt you have, Jennifer? Is just the credit card debt or student loans or car loans? I have 26 in student loans. Okay. Okay. Alright. And you'll have to circle back and pick that up too. But I wanna get these, I wanna get the, you've got all these a beehive that got poked and the bees are flying around your head. Yes. Agreed. And they, they're, they're scary and they're bothersome.


So let's get rid of 'em. Okay? But you gotta just play this game, it's a part of it and get it in writing. And no electronic access to your personal bank account. You can do a prepaid debit card with the exact amount and send them that. You can do a wire, you can do something, but no, no, no. They do not get your bank account numbers. 'cause they'll clean it out. They lie. You can tell they're lying if their mouth is moving. Can you tell I've done this for 30 Years?


Hey guys, you know what I love about summer? All the fun yeses, yes. To pool parties, yes, to snow cones, and yes, for all the fun in the sun moments that you can have with your family. But summer goes fast and so does summer spending. And if you're not paying attention, you're gonna look up from your slushie and wonder where is all my money going? That's why I love the EveryDollar app. It's so simple. It helps you create a custom budget and give EveryDollar a job to do. And let me tell you, you'll know exactly what is happening with your money, and that gives you such freedom and guilt-free spending. So do yourself and your summer a favor. Go download EveryDollar for free in the App store or Google Play today.


These days the internet is chockfull of so-called investing advice from random goobs with zero qualifications. Listen folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about. That's why I recommend the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster.


You Spend hours researching before making a major purchase like a home or car. But it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage to protect your biggest assets. I recommend using RAMSEY Trusted Pros, whether you're looking for car home or any other type of insurance. RAMSEY trusted providers have been coached and vetted to serve you like we would find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering where your money's going, there's a way to fix that. It's called a plan. In our world, we call the plan a budget. And in our world, we do it on the world's best budgeting app called EveryDollar. Matter of fact, it's a full encompassing app that'll help you work all the baby steps. It's gonna help you do everything, not just budget. You need to check this thing out. Our team is hosting free budget trainings this month on the Free EveryDollar app. Have I mentioned that? It's free and you'll learn step by step how to stick to a budget using EveryDollar. There's q and a sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Jason is with us in Tampa. Hey Jason. What's up? Oh Man, I got the goat on the phone. I can't believe it. Yes, Rachel's here. I like you too, Rachel. Oh, thanks Jason. I know who you called for though. And you got him. He's in the seat. He's not in the seat as much anymore, but here he is. What's up? Gosh. So Dave. All Right. And Rachel, I need, I, I've gotta figure this out. My parents' home was flooded by Hurricane Helene last September. So they came to my brother and my sister and myself and said, Hey, we're too old.


We can't fix it. If you, if one of you want it, pay the other each, that other sibling, the other two siblings, a third of the value that we come up with And we want to be done with it, or we're just gonna sell it. What do y'all want to do? Well, I was the only one that wanted it. So we came up with a value and, and I paid my sister and my brother a third of the value that everyone agreed to. Well, actually they didn't even agree because they thought what my value was too low. So I actually went and got an appraisal done just so there would be no hanky panky. It actually came in 60,000 less than what my original assessment was.


And I still agreed to pay 60,000 more than what the actual appraisal. Why? Because I wanted this little home. 'cause it was just a little beach house that it was just meant something to me. So I wanted it, I paid my sister and my brother the money, my parents quit claim deeded it to me. I fixed it all up. It's back to being beautiful just in time for hurricane season again. But it's back to being beautiful. And now all of a sudden my sister says, oh, this was such an unfair deal. I can't believe we even did this. I'll never feel comfortable with it. Oh wow. No one ever. So what do I do? I mean, now it's causing a strain in the family. And I don't know what I did wrong.


I thought I did everything right. Well, you didn't have agreement. That's what I thought. We well, we did. And, and then all, now all of a sudden we don't because we did. But that's what I'm like. Well, did they, did they, I mean, it was all ver it was all verbal, correct? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. But they were, they were bitching and moaning on the front end. That's that's what I said. No one said anything. No, They did want, they said it was not enough. And so you went and got an appraisal. They were moaning And then I, my appraisal came in 15. I know, but they still didn't think it was right. Still paid them. They still didn't think it was right. And you did it anyway. So what should, yeah, what I would've walked was my fault then.


Yeah. I would've walked or I would've had 'em sign something. Yeah, maybe I should have done some kind of a signature on something. Not, not a legally binding, but just to remind them that, you know, because their memory is bad. Apparently. I thought paying 60 grand over The No, not if they thought, not if they thought the amount. Even with 60 was not Right. Was the value lowered because of the damage at all, Jason? Yeah. I'm sorry. And The value was lowered because of the damage, Correct? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So you had a number, you put it out there and they said, that's not fair. And you said, I'll show you. You went and got an appraisal and the appraisal was 60,000 lower. So you paid them the higher number, but they also thought that number higher wasn't fair.


Well, with just the sister, everyone else. Well, I mean, that still that So what'd you expect? I mean, she No, she'd already told you she was gonna be unhappy. This just came up a couple weeks ago. No, honey, you told me in the original deal that they thought it wasn't enough. So you went and got an appraisal and you agreed to pay the original amount that they thought wasn't enough. And when you paid it, they still thought it wasn't enough. And now she still thinks it wasn't enough. Well, that's not a shock. And I guess she's gonna have to deal with it because that's, that's, yeah. I know numbers I get, or I'm sorry. She Cashed the check.


You Bet she did. All Right. She sure did. Deals done, you know. Yeah. And No one lifted a finger to help me fix it up either, so. Well, it wasn't their job. They didn't own it. That's your job. Yeah. I'm like, and that's, and that was fine. But yeah, I'm like, I Mean, you know, I just say, listen, you did a deal. You're like a grown adult woman. Act like it. How old are you guys, Jason? I'm 50. She's 45. Wow. And then my brother's in his fifties Are older than I was thinking. He's 55. Yeah. Okay. So we're, yeah, we're all old. We're all older adults. And Well, I, I think she told you on the front end she was gonna be unhappy and you just didn't want hear it. Yeah.


And then now she's coming through. Now she's coming through with her promise. She, but that's okay. I mean, she, she cashed the check and I just look at her and go, Hey baby, good luck with that. I, I said, and that's kind of what I've done so far. But I mean, anything you can do, you can't make people behave. Yeah. Even if they're in your DNA line, you know? I agree. Have You guys sat down and had any level of conversation in person about this? Well, originally when we first Okay. But not since the last thing or this that I'm talking about, this was this. She, we talked on the phone about something else and then this just, just was brought up. And I'm like, where did that come from? That would've been valuable information Ago.


Well, if there's any level of you that wants to save the relationship, I would have a conversation in person. Take all your defensiveness about this. You know, swallow a humble pill for a little bit. Let her kind of get out what she needs to get out and just say, okay, how do we move forward? 'cause I don't wanna lose a relationship with my sister. Right. It's family. And for a house to do this, that's not that for the future. But you, but again, and There's that part where you cash the Check, put your all Yeah, put the olive branch out, and if she won't accept it, that, and that's her choice at that point. Right. But I would, I would go In. I'm never gonna be. Okay. Well that's, you know, very humble. You Talk to your therapist. Very humble. Very humble though. You have a big personality, Jason. Yeah. We heard it from the moment you got on. I love it. I think it's wonderful. But maybe just like, take apic, like take a little bit of a chill as you go in like low, like Right.


Like, I mean, go in not defensive, not aggressive. Go watch Jefferson Fish for videos. Yeah. And just, yeah. But, but honestly, if you really wanna repair it, like there's, there's something there. And then beyond that you've tried. I Mean, you can't control it. Yeah. You can't control her then. But it, Yeah, you probably don't. I think you need to follow Rachel's advice, not mine. Mine's just smart lec. I know. Feisty it. That's not problem. I'm like you Dave. I know, but I know Y'all both, but I, I think Rachel's right. Need to listen to me and I'm wrong. I think Rachel's right and I'm wrong. Really? Oh, Man. All Right. Rachel, can you call my sister for me? Yes, I will. No, No. Hey, by the way, that Jefferson fit episode was next to the Trump episode was two are two of my favorite. Yeah, He's, he's really, he's really good. He's really good. I, I wasn't kidding.


I probably would go watch some of that because that's the type of stuff Rachel's talking about, rather than doing Dave thing and just smacking her sideways. Oh my gosh. Because that's not gonna work. Because that's all I'm saying. I'm just being a smart asshole. Hey, what, what are the other siblings? I'm just being a smart asshole. I know. Jason, what's your other siblings like? You say brother? Yeah, he's okay. He, he hasn't had any Issues. Okay, so it's you three. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's just three of us. So brother's fine sisters. I know, I know. I just hate when like, assets, money, all of that gets in between family. We hear it a lot on this show. And it's really sad. It's really sad. Yeah. So if you wanna repair it or maybe, maybe she's crazy and you're like, I don't know, I gotta put up a boundary. I don't know. I don't know her. But if you wanna repair the relationship, that's What I would do. You wanna give, you wanna give it a shot? I think give it a shot. I think, I think Rachel's right, I'm wrong.


Yeah. Okay. Mm. Good man. I always more fun though. Our scripture of the day, Proverbs 21, 20, precious treasure and oil are in a wise man's dwelling, but a foolish man devours all that's the Bible saying if you spend everything you make, you're a fool. Hello. Think about it. Michael Douglas said A fool and his money are lucky to get together in the first place. Gary's in Raleigh, North Carolina. Hey Gary. What's up? Hey gang, Thanks for taking my call. So I retired about a year and a half ago.


I'm 69 and I've got my assets, no debt. And I'm just wondering if what I have everything invested in is if I, if I'm doing the right thing. So our, my house is worth about 700. It'll be paid off by the end of the year. Good. I'm holding off on social when I turn 70 in January and take with my wife taking advantage of the spousal benefits. So I'm get estimating that we will have about 80,000 a year in social security and my, the remaining is 2.1 million in three IRAs and another account that's cash and some stock.


What's, what are they in? I is all invested in mutual funds. Yes, yes. Three different mutual funds about, they're about 1.7 million. And then the cash in stock is about 430 of that. The about 80,000 is in four or five different stocks and about 300,000 or so in a money market, which is currently drawing around 4%. Okay. Alright. And, and the other thing is your question, your question's. What then you've done really well. Congratulations. Well, Am I, am I, could I be doing better than what I'm doing? As far as what, what I'm invested in? Well, I mean all, I'm 64, all of mine is in mutual funds and paid for real estate.


And so, you know, we put it in four types of mutual funds. You've heard that. Growth, growth and income. Aggressive growth and international. I don't play single stocks just 'cause I don't like the risk associated with them. I'd rather have that money diversified in mutual funds. But it's not the end of the world. It's a small percentage of your world. And you've done, you've done extremely well. And it sounds like you're maybe a little heavy in cash unless you got something you're wanting to do with that. Are you getting ready to buy a car or go on a trip or something? No, not, not particular. No. Okay. I mean, you don't need a $300,000 emergency fund. Yeah. Also, when I started getting our social in in January, I, based upon our expenses, I'm hoping to maybe save about 2000 a month out of that.


Yeah. So it be great. Well, and, and be sure you're being, you know, enjoying this and that your generosity goes up 'cause you're a multimillionaire. Congratulations. Yeah. I'm already starting to plan a couple of good trips like over to Europe and stuff. Good, good. Yeah, I mean you've earned it. Well done. And I assume you guys did not inherit this money. It sounds like it's 4 0 1 Ks. Like you saved it, right? Yeah. Right, right. You're not, you're not an inherited, you're a baby step millionaire. Meaning you did it following the steps. Well, My mom, my mom, my mom did pass away about almost five years ago. And we, my sister and I finally sold our house plus the assets. I think I ended up getting over the last five years getting You, you cut out getting, how much did I lose you?


Oh no. Well, okay. You're in good shape dude. You've done a good job and you're fine if you wanna fine tune it a little bit and you know, get a little bit more dialed in with it. That's fine. It sounds like you are not a millionaire that you already were probably before your mom passed and so you've just added to your wealth, whatever that amount was that cut out. Yeah. And his question I think was, is there anything different he needs to be doing? 'cause when you retire and you start living off some of these, invest off of some of these investments, is there a big shift In I don't the strategy Yeah. There of it, A lot of the wealth, a lot of the financial planning community believes in an, a theory I don't believe in called the asset allocation methodology, which is you move everything towards bonds and money markets as you get older.


Yeah. And I don't, the bond markets as evolved as the stock market and underperforms the stock market. So I, I'm 64, I'm not moving a thing. And so I'm just, you know, when you're 64, if you're healthy, you are statistically likely to make it to 90 where the average death age is 76, 78 male female right now. But you're statistically likely to make it to 90 if you're healthy at 65. So you've still got 30 freaking years to outpace inflation. And when you dumb down your portfolio in the name of safety, inflation's gonna come back and tag you in the back of the head. So I don't, I don't need the money. He doesn't need the money.


He's gonna be living off of social. Yeah, it's a lot. And so that money's just gonna be, is That pretty, is that pretty average? 80 Grand. That's that's heavy. Well, it's he and his wife and they're both 70 Doing, they're doing okay. They're doing their 70. Yeah, they're doing the long term. Yeah. So that's the, that yeah, that could be. But that's a lot. Yeah, I, I don't do that. I I I'm gonna ride it all the way out. 'cause here's the thing, if you've got 2.1 million and you're living off $80,000 a year worth of social, you're not really investing this money for you, you're not gonna use it. It's laying there, but it's gonna get, it's gonna be an inheritance. Yeah. So you're investing it for the next generation, which means you would not shift it and dumb it down in the name of the asset allocation model or theory.


And people act like that. Like that's a given and it's a law or something. It's not, it's a theory and I think it's a bad one. So I don't, I don't use it. I I am investing all the way through and he doesn't need to use it. He's fine. He's in good shape. Diane's in Atlanta. Hi Diane. How can we help? Hey guys. So excited. Thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. What's up? I'm middle of cooking dinner for two hungry boys and you may hear 'em in the background and I apologize for that. So I really wanted to call because just in a nutshell, I, I'm a nurse.


I went to school. I had my bachelor's of science in nursing. I am not working right now. I'm a stay at home mom. My husband is in, is in physician and makes good money. What's good money? Oh, five 40. Oh, that's good money. Okay, I'm with you. All Right. So I'm a little short on time. Ask your question right quick. Okay. So our oldest has special needs. He is level three autism. He's nonverbal, he's seven years old now. So it's really hard to look far into the future. But the way his development is moving it, I mean, he'll be with us. He's gonna be our roommate forever.


So, you know, my, I just don't know how much we need to be saving for him. Like you Don't, whether It is two my You don't, you don't. You need to save for you, you need to build wealth and you need to have in your estate plan a special needs trust that if you and your husband both pass away that the, a chunk of money, an inordinate chunk of money is left in trust. The income of which will the invested in mutual funds, the income of which will support him for the rest of his life. Okay, but your money is not his. You don't put money in his name. No, I don't have any Oh, oh, in in his name. Yeah, You put it in your name. No, you make $540,000 a year. You go build wealth and some of your wealth is earmarked upon both of your deaths to go into the special needs trust to take care of him.


Okay. So, okay. So as far as debt and what we make and all that, just, You gotta work the normal stuff. Just work that snowball, get outta debt, get your house paid off. Go become a multimillionaire, making a half a million freaking dollars a year. How much debt do you guys have? We have about, we don't have any student loans. Good. We have probably 70,000 in cars. Oh, that was stupid. Yeah, it was very stupid. Let's get it paid off. So we got, well we got, I kind of got my car as a push present, if you will, in 2021. And then my husband was like, Okay, poof.


Pay it off. Push. Yeah. Poof it off. Come on. You've gotta be kidding me. Oh my gosh. All Right. No, that's, no, we're gonna, we're you need to get this mess cleaned up. Okay. And you guys need to get on the baby steps and work just because you need to. The special needs thing is almost a sidebar in the sense of it gives you yet one more motivation to build wealth and get your act together to make sure you have enough to leave in there if you're broke and have no money right now, you need a life insurance earmark for the special needs trust until you get some wealth built. But with the kind of money y'all make, you get rid of the stupid car payments and start stacking cash and building you some investments. Get your house paid off. There'll be plenty of money to take care of your kid and to see your, see your estate planner, make sure there's a special needs trust set up earmarked with term life insurance until you have some money.


And after you have some money, earmark some of the money into that to take care of him and he'll be fine. You as long assuming you guys get your act together, he'll be fine. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace and us to walk daily with the Prince of Peace Christ Jesus.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new RAMSEY 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist, A quick start collection of how to get started walking the RAMSEY plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help, because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money.