
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Ken Coleman. RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose is my co-host. Thanks for joining us. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Marcus is in Oklahoma City. Hey Marcus. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Div, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up?


I'll just be quick. And to the point. 20 20 20 21. I was working mortgage company. Mortgage company. They closed their doors in 2022. I was making quite a bit. Now I'm a teacher. Didn't file my taxes for 2020 and 2021. Probably 80% of that was obviously commissioned. So I did dumb. I know I need to file those now, obviously. And I'm gonna owe quite a bit. I was just gonna see if I could maybe get some advice on how to go about doing that in the, the least harmful way. Ouch. Okay, here, here's the thing. Not paying taxes is not a criminal act.


Not filing taxes is a criminal act. That's what's weird. Yeah. We do not have a debtor's prison. They don't put people in jail for not paying their taxes, but they do put people in jail about 2,500 a year for failure to file. Okay. Yeah. So that's where, that's the danger that you're in. I'm more concerned about that than I am the payment plan. I don't think you're in trouble. And because 99% of the time that you're not, some Paula, not some public figure that you come and self fi you know, you, you catch up your filings, they're just all late. Sure. You don't get into any criminal issues.


But I want you to get it done now. I don't want them to come find you. Okay. I want you to go to them like immediately, no later than the middle of January. These documents need to be filed. Okay. Yes sir. You know, that's the panic. Then the second issue is how do we pay it? Well, number one, we've gotta assess the damage and figure out from the actual filings what you actually owe. And then, you know, your worst case scenario is you're selling some stuff and putting the KGBI mean the IRS on a payment plan. Okay. So, because I mean if you were doing mortgage origination in 2020, you made some bank.


Yes sir. Yeah. Like what'd you make that year? Probably 2, 2 50. And you Paid zero taxes? Yes sir. Did you save any? Yeah. Yeah. I got got about probably a hundred thousand saved. Oh Good. Okay. Because you're probably gonna have a hundred thousand tax bill. Oh yeah. Okay. If you got two years of that, you will. Yeah. Easy. Yeah. So you're gonna give 'em what? You got to limit it and then you're gonna work out the payments. What you've gotta have is a real tax pro in your corner right now. And if you'll go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on the tax ELP for your area there in Oklahoma City.


I know them, they're good people. They can sit down with you and help you first get the filings done. And then secondly, negotiate the payment plan and how much of this you gotta throw at them to keep them off your bank account. 'cause we don't want 'em putting liens on everything after you file, but also don't want 'em putting bracelets on you that connect 'cause you didn't file. Yes sir. So we need to get filed and, and then we need to develop the, the how tough the path is that we've gotta walk through. Do you own a home? Yes sir. What's it worth? About 500. What Do you owe? About 200. Okay. Well, and and what is your household income nowadays?


Probably about 70. I have three jobs right now. So I'm a teacher. I do some data entry at night and I do wait some tables on the weekends. Do You have any money other than the hundred? No. You Have any money in retirement? You have money in retirement? I do. Okay. Alright. I do not tell people to cash out retirement for, for to pay off debt. I might to pay off the IRS to keep from selling your home. You follow me? So that's what you've gotta get into. You've gotta ascertain. 'cause let's just say this, okay, let's say it's 150 and you throw a hundred down and you say, okay, we're gonna pay 20, or we're gonna pay $2,000 a month for three years and we'll be out of debt.


That's okay. But if it's a, if it's 200 and you put a hundred down and you're gonna be in debt for a decade, you don't want that. You need to, you need to clean out something else, the house or the retirement accounts and clean up the mess. So the not filing and it's not the not filing, the not paying and the not filing. I hope it's not a ton more than the hundred when you get there. It's gonna be something more than that. But you've, you need to get, you need to understand the size of the problem. The, the not knowing is a bigger stress inducer than knowing the details. So you've got the cancer diagnosis, you just don't know what the treatment is yet and you don't know whether it's terminal you, you know.


So the first thing they do is they scare you to death and you go around for about two months with, or two weeks with no information and then they start going, okay, well here's the treatment plan. Oh, you mean I'm not gonna die? Well that would've been handy information about a week ago. You know, and that's kind of what you're dealing with here is that same set of emotions. So, you know, the Yeah. Get with the Tax pro today when you hang up, open up Ramsey Solutions dot com, click on Tax Pro ELP at Oklahoma City and go sit down with them this week. I don't give a crap if it's Christmas. You know, you need to give yourself a gift to getting this monkey off your back.


Oh man. That's scary. Yeah. And I hope he has, he saves some money. I hope he also has some write-offs and records of that kind of stuff so that he can, you know, take the Better, the better your records, the more you can limit this. Yes, that's exactly right. Write-offs and records Tax Pro here is huge though. Do not try to figure this out on your own. No. And don't go ask the IRS what to do. Oh yeah, good lord. Yeah. It's like asking a dog if it's hungry, you know. No, we don't do that. So, you know, where did you get your tax information from? The IRS. Oh my God. You're a fool. You know. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We don't, we don't ask them. We don't ask the fox about the hen house. Yeah. Hello. Yeah. So yeah. Oh yeah, they tasty.


And by the way, don't ask them for grace either because they don't have any. This is get your Tax pro to help you. You Mean Grace? I used to talk to Grace. No, Right. I used to talk to her weekly. She called me all the time. It's like from Christmas vacation. She Died 10 years ago. Years ago. Yeah. Yeah. They, they're just not gonna be kind. And a tax pro here is gonna be your advocate and they know everything that they, they can do. They're, they're worth it. So don't try to navigate this on your own, You know, and, and there's, and here's the last part of this, okay? The, these commercials that are on cable tv, do you have $10,000 or more in tax debt? We can get it forgiven. We have XIRS agents working for us. Just give us $5,000 and we will promptly do nothing for the next 24 months.


That's what that is. That's a complete freaking scam. There's a thing called the OIC an offer and compromise that you can get your federal income taxes forgiven. About 1% of them are approved. You have to prove total popper ship, meaning you don't have a house, you don't have a job, you don't have any potential income, and you don't have any assets of any kind. And then they will forgive your debt after fooling with 'em for about two and a half years. Don't answer those stupid butt cable TV ads. Go get a tax pro and actually work a plan to get the mess cleaned up. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean, but I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. O ramar is with us in Canada. Hey. Oh Remar, how are you? Good. How are you? Better than I deserve. How can we help? Well, I'm actually ecstatic to be on this phone call. I can't believe I'm talking to you guys, but I'm calling from New Brunwick Canada. I actually moved with my family and my two babies, three and four from Toronto escaping. Pretty much what was happening over there. A normal rundown home was $2 million. We didn't wanna get into a mortgage like that. And because we had the freedom of remote jobs, we decided, well, let's move.


We wanted a more conservative place as well. So it's been amazing living here. But we purchased a house $400,000 last year. It has been a year and a half and I feel like I'm on baby. Step number zero. We are reading the book and we're doing everything we can, but we had very bad advice with our mortgage. We went on a variable rate last year and I just, I feel hopeless. I don't know how to even get through this. So we've done what we can and we got the book from the church, total Money Makeover. We've been reading it, but with two little ones, it's been tough and I just, I don't know how to deal and cope with, I guess paying the mortgage when we initially budgeted for $1,600 and we ended up at a fixed rate of, actually we fixed the rate last week and we ended up at 3,200.


So you have a $3,200 mortgage and what is your income? So my husband makes $85,000 a year. And I recently started, I work with the same company actually, and I'm making 33 90. I'm not on payroll, but I am, I've been with them for 10 months and they are willing to put me on payroll. Payroll. It's just, it hasn't come to that yet. Is 33 90 an hour or 33,900 a year? No, 30. So 3,390 monthly plus $85,000 a year that my husband earns, which is, I believe it's 4,900 a month.


So we're roughly around 8,000 to almost $9,000 a month. Yeah, you're about 8,500 a month. Take home pay and you have a $3,200 mortgage, which leaves $5,000 to pay the rest of your bills. Why can't you not do that? I know, right? I I I we feel the same. But unfortunately since we got our home last year, we had a, I don't know why we came up with the bright idea that we wanted to finish the basement that we had in this house because we wanted to rent it out. We said, well maybe let's do like a side income and have someone be downstairs and So is it finished or not?


It's Okay. Somebody living down there. We Didn't finish it. Yeah, finally. Okay. And how much are they paying you Of being $1,200. Okay. And so that's another 1200 on the 8,500. Now what, what other bills have you got other than the $3,200? What other debt payments have you got? Insurance. I believe it's two 40. No, I'm talking about debt. Debt, Oh, debt. It's 32,000 on a home credit line. How much is the payment on that? A lot. It's like $900, 1100 more Maybe because we really got behind. Yeah. Okay. 1100. All right, so that's 42, 4300.


Okay. And what else? Yes, 20,000 on a credit card, which I, I don't know how it even came to that. Okay. Or Omar, stop. Here's what's going on. Okay. Your brain is scrambled eggs on this money stuff because it's, you're all over the place just to talk to you and that's where all your stress is coming from. Okay. So the numbers you've given me, 'cause you haven't thrown me any numbers here that don't work. You've got $9,700 a month coming into this house, counting the $1,200 rent. Okay? The only numbers you've given me are 3,200 and 1100 going out. So when you just start, no, just getting no, no, no, no, no.


My turn just at the top of the page. Write $9,700 and then write minus 3,200 minus 1100 minus a little for insurance, minus some electricity and food. And then I, then you're gonna go, Hey, where's all my dad gum money going? 'cause that's where I'm going right now. I can't figure out why you're stressed out about this. You should have plenty of money. So what that tells me is, is you guys are very disorganized, you're very chaotic. It's chaotic talking to you. And I'm not being mean to you, but that's the, that's what's happening. It's the stresses in the air. I can feel it. And I, and honey, you gotta get this, you, you guys gotta get, if you'll, if when you push this down onto paper and transfer this financial stress into actual arithmetic, the stress will start to dissipate because you, you are not out of control here unless you've left out entire segments in this conversation, which is possible.


But you've got, there's something about writing it down that makes it come alive and makes it get under control. So OMR, it's kind of like, remember that time back in high school, Ken, when you have a problem, or you might do it as an adult and you sit down and with your friend who's gonna help you the problem and you tell them the whole problem. And by the time you actually put it into cogent words, you know the answer and it's not a problem anymore. Your friend doesn't have to say anything, they just gotta look at you like you're an idiot. Right? And so, or worse than that, you write it down. If you write yourself a report on what's going on, by the time your brain goes from jumble to verbal and then one more step from verbal to written, you have processed this information very thoroughly and the answer oftentimes will appear right in front of you.


You're on the other end of that spectrum right now. Ori Ma. So you guys need a budget. That's what you need. And, and your, your time is not being managed well. Your kids are overrunning you. Things are, I bet you a house is a mess. And so you know the chaos, it's in the air. And when you get things orderly and straightened up, the calendar's straight, the budget is straight. You're gonna get on top of this and you're gonna be able to run. It's so fast because you're really doing better than it feels like you're doing to you. Your numbers are not nearly as bad as your emotions are telling you they are. Yeah. What I heard is someone who is being reactive instead of proactive. Yeah. And the power in writing it down and creating this budget.


Omar, what Dave's telling you is right when you look at just that exercise where he said, all right, let's start with what's coming in. You guys have gotta write down what's going out. And when you begin to get intentional, proactive versus reactive, you guys are letting every day come at you. And I don't think you have a plan at all. And it's just over. Your Emotions are managing this. Your emotions are man, not your logic. That's right. So get your critical thinking skills up on top of it. Yeah. Open up an every dollar app, get that thing going. You've got a, you've got a total money makeover book, you and your husband sit down, turn the TV off, put the kids to bed, tell 'em to stay in bed. Yeah. And we're gonna sit here and we're gonna read this book and we're gonna freaking do these steps. Exactly. We're gonna get these forms outta the back of the book.


Even I don't care if you do it longhand with a yellow pad, but when you get organized, you will feel more in control. And the reason you feel that way is because you are more in control. Yeah. And it changes everything folks, when you jump on your EveryDollar app and do your budget for the first time and you say, this is how much is coming in and here's where I know it's going, and then there's this big pile of money left over, you're gonna go, what am I doing? I'm spending like, I'm in Congress, what am I doing? You're gonna have that moment where you feel like you got a Raise. It's true. Every dollar allows you to see where you are and then you can start making changes.


But the problem is when you don't know where you are and what we felt in her was this, I just don't know where any of it's going. And I don't know and I don't know. And here's what we know about just human psychology when the scariest thing is the unknown. And so every dollar allows me to actually for the first time go, oh, that's where I'm spending money. Bad news is not nearly as scary as unknown. That Is so true. The human brain reacts more aggressively and positively. That's it towards bad news than it does the unknown. You might have cancer, it's gonna be three weeks before you tell you that's three weeks of hell. Yeah. And then they say, you guys stage three, bring on the chemo. You're like, at least I know what it is, the devil I know.


Let's fight it. Here we go. Game on. But the unknown will drive you bananas. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey, it's that time of year, it's starting to get a little bit colder. It's getting a little bit dark earlier. And sometimes if you're like me, you just wanna stay inside and get cozy. And for me, my perfect cozy night is me and all of my family piled under blankets, watching a movie, sitting by the fire, maybe even reading a book. Listen, whatever your perfect night in looks like, sometimes therapy can feel a bit like that. A time when you can settle in. Finally exhale, replenish your energy and begin to take care of yourself. Therapy is a great way to bring yourself some comfort during the chaos and rush of the holiday season or any other time of year. Taking the time to pause and be mindful is one of the reasons I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist just about anytime and just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a therapist and you can switch therapists for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Ken Coleman RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Melissa is with us in Rochester, New York. Hi Melissa. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, good afternoon sir. Thank you so much for having me on your show. Sure. What's up? Sure sir. The reason why I'm calling in is 'cause I'm having a couple of issues right now. I currently own the home that I live in. It's completely paid off. However, that home is actually my mom's home. What was your mom's home? It's now yours. Yes, it was my mom's home. It is in my name now. It is paid off. However, it was originally my mom's home. She lost it. And So I helped her save the home and now it's in my name outta fear that she'll lose it again.


However, sir, my mom has made infrastructure changes to the property without, this was before I even had the home. She had made infrastructure changes and she didn't properly permit the house. So she's gone now a couple years with having rooms that she created into the house that weren't permitted. And so now I'm in fear that I may be fe facing any type of legal issues or ramifications that can come out of the house being in my name and her doing things to the home before they were even in my name. And so now I'm trying to just save myself any issues that may come out of all of this. And I want to just und deed myself, deed my mom back on the property and just give her the property to take care of.


How old is your mom? My mom is seven years old. Okay. What did she do to the house? She refinanced it. No, I'm talking about the the structural issues. What did she change? She added bedrooms to the property. So she a did an addition? Yes. Changed the square footage of the house. Are they not within code? Well, no, they had, if you didn't permit you, you changed the square. She changed the footprint, right? Yes. Okay. So the actual outside structure of the home is the same. It was never changed. But what she did was she built up additional walls creating bedrooms Inside.


Inside the original footprint. Inside. Inside the original footprint. Correct. Yeah. That's why I'm asking. Well, they have no way of knowing what happened there, right? Correct. So no, you don't have any liability. There's nothing to worry about. There's nothing to worry about. There's nothing to worry about. Right. Nothing to worry about unless, and that's why I asked the code. Did she rewire the house without getting an electrical permit? No. Did She re-plumb the house without getting a plumbing permit? Yes. Completely replumb the whole house. Well she added a, a bathroom. Yeah, she added one bathroom. Yeah. Okay. Alright. And the al wine is done. Is the construction done of reasonable quality? Yes.


It's Okay. I don't think you got a thing to worry about. Nothing at all. I don think you got a thing to worry about. It would've been better to permit it, but lots of people do that kind stuff mean that's a fairly normal practice. Yeah. Some, some municipalities are much more strict than others. I can't tell you that, you know, Rochester, New York is not like the toughest in the world or something. I don't know that. But in general, most people, you know, it's inside the footprint. She didn't change the dimensions of the house and you know, she didn't illegally do a trade other than adding a bath. I I, I really, truly, I don't think you got a thing to worry about. And I wouldn't give her the house back because she's gonna borrow against It.


Well, here's what's gonna happen is she's gonna screw it up and then she's gonna turn around and leave it to you and she dies. And you got the message again. You're gonna get it back. This thing's a boomerang. Yes. And now my, my one fear right now is, so the conditions of the house, the roof needs to be replaced. That's about $20,000. The driveway needs to be replaced. Fencing needs to be added. 'cause she hasn't, Is she living in it or are you, We're both living in it right now. What do you make a year? Right now? I'm not working. I decided to put myself back into school and I just graduated two months ago. How do you people eat For public safety? Where's the money? My mom, Well, I have savings that I use up right now.


I only have about 2000 savings left. And you have a paid four houses all run down. Come again sir. It's, you have a paid four house, but it's all run down. Yes, it's run down And whatcha getting ready to do for a career. Now I'm getting ready to go into public safety, law enforcement to do specific. And you'll be making what? Right now? I'll be making approximately $60,000 a year. Okay. All right. Well, And I currently have. Okay. I would not de it back to her. I would either sell it to an investor as is and you guys going about your merry way. Or I would sit there with a plan to, to gradually do the repairs that need to be done out of cash from your new job.


Part of this is you want to get rid of the, of all the negative things that your mom represents by getting rid of this house. Yes sir. Because right now she rents out. That's, that's where some of the income is coming in. She did additional bedrooms. She rents out the bedrooms and so that income, she claims it all because that's technically her retirement. Since she doesn't work. I'm sorry, the house is yours. Yeah. How does she rent out your house? And she collects the rent. Y'all are weird. Yes. It's only because it's only because the house was originally mine. I did save it from her. I didn't technically have any financial investment in it.


How did you save it then? I was able to, when she shortell the house, I was able to purchase it for about $40,000. And that's Called a financial investment? Yes. And she has since then refunded me that money. Okay. You don't have boundaries. Is is the bottom line. I I, you know, I, I, I may, I think you might be right Melissa. I actually, I'm change. I'm gonna change my mind right here in the middle of this call. Wow. I think you deed it to her and let her have it and you go have a life and when she passes away, you auction it off. Don't you ever move in it. Okay. I think this house and all the chaos that occurs around your mother in this house is all a huge negative spot for you.


And a clean, fresh start in criminal justice system is a great thing for you. Clean, no chaos. Simple little one bedroom apartment and you build up some cash again and you've come out, even she gave you the money back that you used to save the short sale. But you can just push all of this chaotic weirdness over to the side and not have to worry about it anymore. And just, I would, yeah, I I would talk to a title company and I'd deed it outta your name into hers and you go move. But Only if there's a clean break there. Yeah, you have to. You have to stay away. You rent your own place. You have to have your life completely separate. Yes. Completely clean. All the chaos stays over there on her side of the fence.


Yes. Don't Help with the Roof. Anything around this mom figure is chaotic. I can smell it in the air. She's a character. Mom's a character and then you're sitting there trying to be a normal person in the middle of this character. And that's why I called y'all weird. So I couldn't figure out how you own the house and she's collecting the rent. But now I'm starting to understand. So yeah, I think it is a good idea. Let's just get away from it. But not because of the remodeling, because of the chaos around your mom. And this is never gonna be, it's always gonna be the weird part of your life until you give it a little bit of distance and a little bit of a boundary. Alright. Casey's in St. Petersburg, Florida. Hi Casey. What's up?


Hi, thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can I help? So I've just been listening to your show for about a month now and I understand a little bit about the baby steps and I actually just signed up for the financial piece course through my church. So I Wow, great To get started on that. Yeah. So my situation is that I am 41 single. I have 183,000 in student loan debt. You're a doctor or a lawyer? Nurse practitioner. Oh Good. That's even better. Okay, so you're making what? 110? I'm making 35.


35. Great. I Love it. What other debts have you got? I have 8,000 in private student loan debt. Okay. 5,000 in a parent plus loan for my daughter. And I have, this is the really hard part to even say out loud is I have $19,000 in credit card debt from medical bills and other things. Okay. What we're gonna do is just do what we do in financial Peace University. You're gonna live on beans and rice, rice and beans. You make a wonderful income. And as a nurse practitioner you can also pick up some side gigs called ER on the weekends. And it pays really well. I want you working all the time.


I want you spending no money, no restaurants, no eating out, no vacations, no life. And now we're making 150, 160. We're gonna live on about 40 and we're gonna throw a hundred at this student loan debt. And you're gonna be a hundred percent debt free in around two years, but it's gonna be two years of hell. So get ready. It'll be worth it though 'cause you'll be free. That's exactly how you're gonna attack this with great focused intensity. Good question. I'm proud of you. Get at it. Holler if you need some more help,


mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us. Hey guys, if you've been listening to the show and you're enjoying it, we could use your help. Literally. I mean really we need your help. It changes everything. If you'll subscribe on YouTube or follow or whatever the method is on whichever podcast platform you're on, or just tell people about the radio station you're listening to, whatever it is, let people know. And a lot of people have like a share button on some of the things and you just click it and you send it to three friends and go, Hey, check this podcast out. Check this YouTube guy out. These people over here are making a difference. They're helping people leave a five star review that helps do the likes and that kind of stuff.


That helps anything that helps the algorithm on those particular platforms push our show forward. We know a bunch of you are sharing and subscribing and following because we see your numbers number one. But number two, we see our rankings going up in every one of these platforms. So thank you for helping us with that. Doesn't cost you a thing. And it's a way that, you know, we're not gonna spend like $300 million on a football stadium to tell you we're here like so or something like that. Excuse me, I got allergies. But the, But yeah, you don't wanna do that. And so we're not gonna do that. We, we we're not like that. So, but you guys are our biggest champions to help us move this thing forward.


We need to create a crusade in America and have a renaissance in the art of living well. Having the right career, the right mental health, the right ways of handling your money. I mean we, the people can do better. We don't need someone else to tell us how, but you, Hey, we will lead the charge if you'll help us. It's that simple. Kara is with us in Indianapolis. Hi Kara, how are you? I'm doing well. How about yourself? Better than I deserve. How can we help? I currently have a job that works great for my family.


It's a good income. I'm just not passionate about it. I've only been there about four months and historically I stay with my job a long time. I was just offered my dream job this morning and I am nervous about discussing that transition with my current employer because I haven't been there very long. So how do I go about that? Well first of all, congratulations on getting offered your dream job. That's not, that's not just cruise past that. How did that come about? Well, I have a history in cardiothoracic surgical, ICU nursing and I'm now a a nurse practitioner. And So I heard about the opening with the surgeon that I used to work with through a friend and I reached out and they were really excited that I reached out.


And What will you be making at the new job? One 20. And what do you make now? 1 22. Okay. Is there, but I'm guessing there's room for growth here with this new job. Yeah, yeah. Every year they're, they're pretty consistent with making sure that they compensate you well. Yeah. Okay, well first of all, congratulations. So my answer to this is always the same and it's really simple. I want you to put yourself in your boss's position and I want you to, in your mind, you just kind of role play that out. How would you want you to come say, Hey listen, I've only been here four months, but I got a past relationship with this surgeon.


An opportunity was there, I reached out, it's my dream gig. I I'm sorry to put you in this lurch and, and do this at this 0.4 months in. But this is an opportunity that I have to take. I mean, that's your reasoning. You don't have to explain that away, but how would you say that in a way that is humble, filled with gratitude. Certainly sensitive to the fact that hey, you're leaving only four months in, but you don't owe them a certain amount of time. What you owe them is your best. And I don't think you'd ever be able to give them your best if this, if you turn this opportunity down. And so if you have that mindset, how would you want someone to handle it with you? That's the best way to go. 'cause I know you're a person of character and a person of class.


Did they Pay you anything or pay moving expenses or signing bonus or anything when you took this current job? No, it's a better schedule for my family. And and right Now? No, the one you're in today, Oh. What we're seeing is, are there any strings attached? The four, the four month old job, do you have anything you owe them because they paid for you to move or they gave you a signing bonus and now you're gonna take the signing bonus and run? Nope. Okay. Alright. So you just took a job, didn't cost them anything and okay. Yeah, I I, I'm with Ken. I think you just be sensitive to how would you want to be treated if you were them.


If I'm them, I'm disappointed, but this great lady is gonna go, she got something that she likes better, she's gonna go do it. There's not a lot I can do about it, So I'm gonna be classy about it and say, well certainly understand you are gonna, are we gonna do a two week notice or what are we gonna do here? And you know, just be honorable and kind and tell the truth and just be, you know, I think you say out loud, I'm sorry I did not take this job intending to do this. I, this fell in my lap and it's something I've always wanted to do and I'm gonna take it. But it, I do feel bad about the way this worked out and I'm sorry. Yeah, I do. Okay. I just wanted to, is was there a more professional way to say that?


But that sounds compassionate and professional. So, well sometimes profession gets in the way of people stuff. And, and I love the way Dave said that. I think he gave you a great perspective from the leader's perspective. Just be a good person and you are a good person. That's why you called. There's a sense of guilt. I get this call a lot on The Ken Coleman Show Dave, and people feel guilty because they're good people. But if you're not doing anything ethically wrong and you're not doing anything illegal, then guilt shouldn't enter the equation. Well You understand, you do you understand as a human that has good relational skills that you've greatly inconvenienced someone and actually cost them money? That is correct. 'cause you, you could, you know, when we put somebody on at RAMSEY, it costs us quite a bit of money to onboard somebody.


Yeah. You know, and then, and then replacing is they turn around, 90 days later they're gone. Yeah. It it's a, it's a net loss for us. That's correct. But I also don't want them to stay here if they have their dream job. That's right. I, I, on on. And the further down the line though, I don't wanna be, as an employer used, you know, I'm gonna take this job and then keep looking correct and all over the place. Any, if I can get 10 cents more, I'm gonna jump this. No, now that's, I agree with that. That is a lack in ethics. I agree. And job hoppers are very different than, That's not hopp, that's just speculating. I mean it's Like Right. It's yeah. That, that's a, that's wrong ethically, but that's not what Kara's doing. No, no, no. So good job.


Oakley's with us in Cleveland, Ohio. Hi Oakley, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, thank you so much Dave for having me on. I appreciate you guys. Sure. How can we help? Hey, So I just wanted some insight and wisdom from you guys on how a young couple, like my wife and I could best attack the debt that we have become debt free with the situation that we're in and, and ultimately pay off again everything that we have. How much debt do you have? Not counting your house? About a little under 50,000. Okay. And what do you guys make Collectively about 1 15, 1 20.


Okay. And so if you lived on 70 and made one 20, that'd be 50. Not counting taxes, you'd be out of debt in a year. You follow me? Yep. We gotta count taxes. So you're not gonna make it in a year, but that's the math. Yeah, that's the math. You got a good sized shovel and a medium sized hole. This is very doable. Now what do we do? We get on a written budget on every dollar and go to every dollar.com and sign up for slash budgeting and sign up for one of our wet free webinars on how to use the budgeting app to get things under control. When you and your wife sit down, you stop all investing. You take any money you've got that's not in retirement and you throw it at this debt, we're gonna list the debts smallest to largest.


We're going to attack them with a great intensity, a great vengeance. Like ah, like paint yourself blue and wear a kilt. Right? I mean, you're getting after it. That's right. You know what I'm saying? And so you knock it in the head, you knock it in the head, you knock it in the head. We're not doing, we're not going on vacation, we're not eating out. We're gonna take our lifestyle down to scorched earth and we're gonna live on less than 70,000. So we can pay off 50 with a one 20 income in around a year. And you can do that. What's your smallest debt? It would be my, actually it would be my student loan. It's about five Grand. Okay. Yeah. And so you're gonna have that done in a little over a month. Boom.


One done. And you just keep doing it. Just keep doing it, keep hitting it, keep hitting it, keep hitting it, keep hitting it. And that's the process. So jump on every dollar.com/budgeting and sign up for Rachel Cruz, j Jade Warshaw, or George Kamel doing a webinar for free. And get yourself into that every dollar app and get this thing going. You can do this. It's called the debt snowball. List 'em smallest to largest and attack 'em in that order.


Hey everybody, listen to this helix who makes the best mattresses on planet Earth. Actually throughout the universe, they've extended their Cyber Monday savings, they've extended their Cyber Monday savings. Listen, I've spent my whole life sleeping on ow mattresses, ones that were not great. And sleeping on a helix mattress has transformed my rest. It's made me a better dad, husband, friend, worker. Listen, I'm getting deep levels of refreshing sleep and I say this all the time to anyone who will listen. Everyone in my family sleeps on a helix mattress now and my family, just like all of you, they're all different. All of us are different. And because everyone sleeps in their own unique way, helix has created different mattress models designed for side sleepers and stomach sleepers and back sleepers for everyone. And if your spine needs a little extra love, they've got mattresses for you too. Plus Helix offers a hundred night trial and all Helix mattresses come with either a 10 or 15 year warranty. I want you to get online and take the Helix Sleep quiz just like I did. It's gonna help you find the perfect mattress for you and your sleep preferences. And it takes less than two minutes. And here's the best part, helix is offering our listeners extended Cyber Monday savings 20% off all mattresses, plus a free bedding bundle. Go to Helix sleep.com/ RAMSEY for details and to save 20% off everything. That's Helix, H-E-L-I-X helix sleep.com/ RAMSEY with Helix. Better Sleep starts right now.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Ken Coleman. RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author and host of The Ken Coleman Show where he helps you have a better life at work and at your career and all of those kinds of things. So we're gonna talk to you about your life and your money as we always do. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Josh is with us in St. Louis, Missouri. Hey Josh, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, thank you so much for taking my call.


I just want to take a second and I appreciate all that you do. You've truly changed my life over the last few years and I just wanna take a second to say thank you. Sure. What's up? Awesome. My question is, how should I feel about a prenup? I know your stance on prenups and I know kind of, you know, extreme circumstances and I believe kind of like my circumstance is kind of extreme on both ends. So a little bit about my background. I'm currently 28. I followed the baby steps through and through. Currently on three BI make about 300,000 a year and that's divided up into about a hundred K in retirement, a hundred K for a down payment and you know, 25 to 35,000 in just a bank account, checking account for an emergency fund.


So my question, so I'm getting married in June to my wonderful Fianc and her family is extremely wealthy and although I do not, and her, her parents and grandparents are extremely we wealthy. So they are apparently, I'm, I'm supposed to be signing a prenup obviously before the marriage and kind of we're gonna go over that. And my question to you is, how should I feel about that as well as you know, what to look for in a prenup? Like what I don't, I don't necessarily know what questions to ask my lawyer. And just one last thing is my income could be going from, you know, to 400, 500 plus over the next two to three years annually.


So yeah, that would be my question. Yeah. Wow. How old is your Fianc? She is, I am 28. She is 25. Does she have any money? No, it's All You didn't Ask her and you didn't ask her for a prenup? I have not, no. So the Prenup wasup, the prenup was for the potential inheritance. The prenup is for the potential inheritance. I have not had a sit down discussion with, with them Or when did the prenup discussion come up after you were engaged? It was after we were engaged, yeah. Okay. Yes, but I kind of had an idea like, I mean they are, I don't know the specifics on their net worth, but I they are extremely, extremely wealthy.


Yeah. Okay. So, alright, I, you know, the only way I know how to answer a question is what would I do if I woke up in your shoes? Okay, so when my children were married, my net worth was in excess of a hundred million dollars already at that point. And none of them signed a prenup and we didn't Okay. And we didn't ask them to. None of my son, none of my in-laws signed a prenup and we didn't ask them to. Now I have my estate plan set up to where certain things are controlled only by RAMSEY blood and trusts. So you can't get to them in the event of a divorce thing, number one thing number two, I, I just not that guy.


So I'm not worried about it. This is God's money. I'm managing it. I figure he'll he can take care of it. I understand their concern. If you were, you know, if you're making 30,000 bucks a year or something, it, it would be more of a concern. But it's, you know, I it's frankly it's a little bothersome if I'm in your shoes and not enough to cancel the whole thing. But it it, it's troubling that these people, obviously they want to protect what they built and make sure it goes to their kids. Lemme ask you, here's another thing I would wanna find out.


And I don't know, in most states, the divorce stuff we've been involved in on the financial side and inha, an amount of inheritance generally in the event of a divorce goes to the person that inherited the money. They don't split it in most states. So if you inherit your mama's house and you get a divorce, you get your mama's house. You don't split it with your ex in most states. Right. Okay. Now, I don't know Missouri law and I'm not a lawyer, but I've, I've experienced that in, and, you know, being called in, in the middle of divorce situations where we're helping negotiate and all that. I've experienced that to be the facts that the judge or the statutes award that, that way.


So I, I would learn about that in Missouri. Number one, they may have that protection built into the law is what I'm saying. And then you've just gotta decide how much you care about this issue because I don't think, and what this issue means, what does it mean to your relationship? What does it mean to the, the family you are marrying? 'cause you're marrying her and her family. And so, you know, it's really low class that this came up after you made a contract to get married. They bring up, oh, but by the way, after you've done a contract to get married called getting engaged, we're gonna add something to the terms of the contract after you've already signed it.


That's low class. I'm curious, Josh, what does your Fianc think? How does she feel about this? Is she completely in line with their parents or does it make her feel weird? What's going on here? To be honest, I mean, she, she is, you know, she's the oldest of four daughters total. And they're, they're awesome families. Super down to earth people. But they, you know, they've not, you know, never really had to work or, you know, You're not answering my question and you're being really nice 'cause you're a classy dude. I'm going somewhere with this. How does she feel about it when it came up? What was her comment on this deal?


She, I mean, she understands, she understands it. I mean, she, what I was getting at is she just doesn't really have, like, she doesn't know, So she's okay with it. My point is it wasn't a head tilt or, or, or a red flag or a yellow flag. It was just like, oh, okay. Is that what I'm hearing? She does what she's told Exactly, Yes. Okay. That, that helps. She she listens to her parents. Yeah, she listens To her parents. Well, that makes this relationally a little bit more difficult. You know, had she had the same feeling, the yucky feeling you had, I assume you have a yucky feeling about it. Is that or am I, am I making the wrong assumption? Well, I just like go, go back to what you guys feel about prenups and it, it is an extreme situation, but like, I, I don't, you know, it doesn't feel Good.


I don is there. Yeah. It doesn't feel good. Like, do I need to do anything on my end? What else is gonna come up after you're married that they tell her what to do? Well the one other thing was Exactly, yeah. The one other thing is apparently they're so, so the family is are in development, so they're big into real estate and they, they build houses and, and have a lot of land. Another thing is apparently they're gonna be building us a house and, and putting it in a trust to where we don't have a payment Apparently. And Yeah, this has all been decided Apparently. Wait a minute, this is my freaking house. There's no, apparently, yeah, I'm involved in the decision. I think this ought to be premarital counseling.


Yeah. I bring it up with your Fianc. I'm shooting up flares now. I think the two of you need to sit down with a pre-marriage counseling and you're getting married in June. Ugh. This is, this family has problems with leaving and cleaving. That's right. This is The Ramsey Show. You know, I love when I get to talk about this


Each year during the holidays, as in years past this December, Xandr is donating 25% of all ID theft protection sales to Team Rubicon, an amazing veteran led disaster relief organization that brings assistance across the country after major disasters and storms. These guys do incredible work on the ground, helping those in immediate need and have a huge impact in helping people get on the road to recovery. Xandr has contributed over a half a million dollars to worthy causes like this every December. Listen, ID Theft is a reality and being protected has just become a necessity even for our kids. Their plan bundles together, all the protections you need while being the best value out there. It's the only plan I've ever recommended. And you can give it as a gift. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. There's no better way to protect yourself, your family, while helping others in serious need. That's xandr.com or 803 5 6 42 82.


Are You determined to get outta debt and build wealth this new year? Then don't leave out an important step, which is having the right insurance. Don't make the mistake of thinking you can get by with minimal coverage or no coverage at all. Because when Murphy comes knocking and he will, you'll start backsliding further into debt if you don't have the money to pay for it and if you don't have the right insurance. So take our insurance coverage checkup. We make it easy with a free tool that helps you find out if you have all of your bases covered, check it out. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup.


Thanks for joining us America. Ken Coleman RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at triple eight eight two five five two two five. George is in Sarasota, Florida. Hi George, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello gentlemen. Thank you for taking my call. Sure, what's up? So moved with my family to Florida two years ago. Left my business in Washington State and it's been there in Tacoma, Washington for about five years. And in the last couple years trying to, you know, work remotely managing the business, it was a struggle.


We bought a piece of property here, we're planning to build and you know, a month ago the business burned down basically completely. Whoa. And now I'm trying to figure out what to do next as far as maybe, you know, we saved up about $120,000 plus the land is worth about a hundred. And we are thinking either to start something new like the business that I was doing there, which is auto wrecking on the smaller scale or for me to just get a job, be more stable, sell the land and buy a house, which is what my wife wants us to do.


And we have three little kids, five, three and eight months old. I assume you had good insurance. I had no insurance. Business was struggling and yeah, it was So you just lost it? Expensive For me to pay. I lost it. Yeah. Pretty much. Wow. Some stuff survived. I would say like 90% was lost. Yeah. So, so what's the land worth? Because you owned the real estate, right? I did not own the real estate. It was my landlord had the, my insurance for the building. Oh. So, but the land I purchased here, we were planning to build on is worth about a hundred thousand.


And we have 120,000 in savings. And you're renting So We were thinking Yes, yes. Okay. What would you do right now if you could just snap your fingers with the skillset you have knowing your industry that would pay you the most? What, what would that be? I, There are a couple options I have. Maybe going into consulting for a company, auto company or I honestly like worked for myself my whole life. 36. And I don't know.


So do you, Do you have trade skills? I do have trade skills. What are those? I used to work in a body shop as a tech, as a repairing cars. And I can do get, I can get back into that. What, what was the, the actual business was what? You said it was auto wrecking? Yes. What's that mean? So That's a recycling, a junky yard. It's like a junk yard. Yes. Oh, Okay. Yeah. But I was doing more of like a indoor auto raking, which was parting cars out, selling used auto parts. Okay. So you would buy a totaled car, parted out, sell off the scrap, and sell off the parts.


Correct. Indoors. And when you were in Tacoma and you all lived there and the business was flourishing, what did you make? What was your best year profit? Taxable profit? About 150. Okay. All right. What does, what does it take to set that up? So you lost up there, you lost tools and some inventory in the fire. What's it take to, what's It take to set inventory? What's it take to set the business up and get it running, not counting the land in the building?


It would take some tools, some equipment. Yeah. Like 50 grand, 40 grand, you know, Like probably around there. Yeah. Yeah. 40. Yeah. Okay. What I would do if I were in your shoes is I would take some side gig, hustles, hustle and grind to make a living. And I would go rent an a, a warehouse somewhere. Not, and, and I would sell your land. Okay. Now, if you sell the land, you got 220,000 bucks, right? Correct. Okay. And we take 50 out of that. And now, now I, I've got 170 to put down on a house.


Okay. Okay. And I'm gonna start the business in a rental property, not a owned piece of real estate. This time I'm gonna put insurance on it. And you know how to make $150,000 a year parking out cars on, on the inside, correct. Inside, inside of a warehouse, right? Yes. And you can get to doing, you can turn a profit within 90 days of doing that, can't you? Yes. Yeah, I figured you could because that's a quick turn business. You have, you have the, you have the access to the supply of the totaled vehicles, and do you have a distribution for the parts to part 'em out? You know how to get, get 'em sold right quick because you weren't doing that on a local basis. You're doing that on a national basis.


National and international. Yeah. We're Selling, yeah. The part, the parting out is a, it's an internet function, right? Yes. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. This is not like some good old boy in Sarasota wanders in and buys a transmission from you. You're parting this sucker out. You're sending a every little piece all over the dead gum world out this thing, and you know exactly 95, you know, the cars in your gut without even asking that have parts that are in high demand, so you know what to buy. That's correct. Yeah. The, the, because the parts on that particular vehicle will sell, the parts on the other vehicle won't sell, So I don't screw with it. Right? That's a hundred percent. Yeah. Yep.


You've got, this is his skills. It is. The issue that I wanna address real quick is the relationship issue. Your wife wants you to get a, what she's calling a stable job. That means a salary. And so you've gotta play, you've gotta think through that. What is her concern? What's her big concern of, because I agree with Dave, you can absolutely do that. I, I would be working in some trades and, and I'd, I'd ease into it a little bit based on what's happened. But I wanna know what she's so worried about. She's worried about me being home and having less stress because I had to leave. Well, we, we decided to leave to Florida and I had to work from home.


Why Did you move to Florida? It was just something we wanted to do, like Bull crap. Why did you move to Florida? Okay, so there is a little bit of politics. My, it's closer to my wife's family. Okay. And better for our kids. There you go. Okay. That's fair. Yeah. That's a good, that's a good answer. Yeah. Alright, now, yes. So I'm with Ken. You know, you can start the, you can do the parting out on the side at first until you get it up and running, but you can make more doing this than you can any trade job or any side hustle. Agreed? Yes. This Is the way you make your family the most money is reopen this business and run it, but don't get in the real estate business.


Be in the part business, rent the dad gum warehouse from somebody. Let them deal with the real estate like you did before this time. Carry insurance on your stuff for God's sakes. But other than that, yeah. And, and so you can drop 50 K there. You can set 170 aside for a house. Start talking about when we're gonna buy the house. Actually, the truth is that you may wanna rent for two years and establish a really good income. That's as a self-employed person to qualify for a decent mortgage out of this particular business. But you're not, you know, you gotta get that business really rocking for two years to be able to use that money to qualify for the mortgage, because you're gonna have two years of self-employed income to prove it out.


Otherwise, you're gonna be making 60 or 80 doing a trade, and that's the base, the house you're gonna buy. So, I, if I'm you guys, if I can get my wife on board, I'm gonna say, let's get a rental and have a two year plan. I'm gonna work my tail end off. We're gonna get this hou, get this business up and running, and then I'm gonna quit the side job and run the business full time. I'm gonna come home at five o'clock and I'm gonna, I'm gonna hire staff Yep. And people working for me So I don't have to be gone all the time. And we run a business during a normal business hours and we grow it, and we're gonna make 250 because we're gonna staff up and we're gonna run, you know, hire some marketing people, some tech people, as well as some people to do the actual wrench turning and let's get this thing up and going.


And three years from now, you ought to be making serious money. That's that. And buy a house with 170 down, or 150 down, keep 20 as your emergency fund. But yeah, you're, you know, considering you had no insurance and considering you didn't have a good plan before, you've got a lot of good options in front, front of It. He really does. In great financial shape. Minus the insurance Issue. Yeah, exactly. And if you'd have the insurance, you'd been another 50 you had, or whatever it is, or more, you know, that's, that's lesson learned. Lesson learned. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. Let's be real. If I had a dollar for every time Ramsey Solutions gave away free money, I'd probably be rich enough to give out my own cash prizes. And here's another one for you. We're giving away $20,000 at the take control of your money live stream on January 23rd. I don't know about you, but I'm definitely signing up for this event. Plus my friends Dave Ramsey, Jade Warshaw, and Rachel Cruz will be there too. We'll be talking about how you can make real progress on your money goals. Maybe you're wanting to knock out some debt, maybe you're ready to start saving for a house. Maybe you wanna build for the future, or maybe you just wanna stop cringing every time you need to buy eggs. This live stream is for you. It's your time to ask us whatever you want about money. It'll be kinda like a New Year's party, money pep talk, and a live q and a all rolled into one amazing event. Plus, if we're lucky, a little comedy on the side. And no, I will not be charging for my dad jokes. So listen, if you're ready to take back control of your money or you just want a chance to win some extra cash, join us. Go sign up now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com. That slash livestream.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Ben is in New York. Hi Ben. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, how are you doing Great, man. What's up? I am currently living with my parents. I am 29. I've been saving for several years now and I'm trying to figure out if I am ready to buy a house and if I can afford to, you know, get my own place at this point. Okay. How much do you have saved? 100 K. Okay. What keeps you from leaving there and buying a house?


Well, I was mostly just trying to reach a certain, I was trying to reach that goal of a hundred, a hundred K stage. Okay, you got a hundred K, you got a hundred KI mean, common sense tells me you could go buy a house in Albany with a hundred K, you're 29 years old. How much do you make? About 70, 75. Cool. Alright. I I I would definitely do it like this week. You think, you think that's a good idea? Because I, I didn't wanna rent was the thing. I didn't wanna be throwing out money, you know, Dude, impulsive is not on your list of things to do. Yeah. We don't have to worry about you being impulsive. You're 29, you live at home, you're not impulsive. Okay. Time to go. Yes. Go get you a house, get you a life.


Yeah, for sure. No, I like it. I Love it, man. So how much do you make again? 70. What do you do? 70. I work in accounting. Okay. You are Risk averse, Aren't you, man, you're just, Hey, It's time, man. Go out in the sun. See the sunshine, the, the, the you, you are a numbers dude. I love you. I'm a nerd. I'm a numbers nerd too, man. So I I'm right there with you, Ben. You've been crunching numbers and crunching numbers and crunching numbers and the problem with those numbers nerds is, and you're, you're one, I'm one. So I'm owning it with you. We can get paralysis of the analysis and you have a bad case. Sure.


Get a house. I get get a life. Go, go, go do something. Don't worry. I mean, go have some fun, man. Go, you know, and, and tell your mama you love her and you'll see her in five months. Yeah. I mean, she gonna be, she gonna be glad to get rid of you. I promise. I don't think she is actually. Well, I, I think that's Part of the problem. He's an easy guy to live with. He, he's not a problem. He's not. But lemme tell you something, it's not like he's having parties in the basement or something. So we're seeing more and more of this, and I'm not picking on no Ben, but I do wanna say this, Ben, Go buy house. There's, There's two things that are going on. Number one, he's got the analysis paralysis situation. Yeah. But he also, along with the fear of change is how comfortable he is at mom's house.


And that can just keep you when you, because you can justify staying by using the numbers. And I think you gotta be realistic. How much of this is, I'm just afraid to kind of go out and start adulting. That wasn't even a term 10 years ago. And I hate saying it. I'm a little embarrassed that I even uttered it. Yeah. But I mean, it's time for a lot. Uni a great callback. But yeah, I I just think we got too many young 20 somethings that are just terrified of change and we gotta call That out. No, lemme just tell you, when, when you're out there and on the wire and there's no net, it is terrifying. Yeah. It's also exhilarating. And it, it, it's also what makes you a man or makes you a woman.


My son. Yeah. So, yeah. I, Hey, you know, yes Ben, you should go buy a house and we're not picking on you, but you did open a can of worms, so we'll deal with it for a second. Here's the thing. Moms and dads, you're not doing your kiddos favors when you leave them in the nest too long. A eagle that stays in the nest too long becomes known as a Turkey. And Ben, I didn't just call you a Turkey. I'm talking about a concept here. Okay. So Ben, you're, you're free from this. You we're, we're, we love you. We're happy for you. I'm glad you got a hundred K. You need to buy a house in the next month and you need to move immediately for your sake. And it's good.


It's good, you know, we're there. But so our our oldest when she came out of school, easy kid. Oh yeah. Denise's to this day, she's just a pleasant, easy person. And, and she moved back to, she's the only one that moved back to our house after college. And she was waiting on a, a roommate situation to develop so she could go get the, the first rental property. Right. And so she's living there for about two months and we said, okay, that's probably enough. And she's like, what? I'm like, you know, you, you gotta you gotta get this done because, not because we don't like you. She was not in our way.


She's like, Ben, she could lived there and we wouldn't have, wouldn't have noticed she'd been there until she's 29. We wouldn't have noticed. But we're like, no, you, you are missing out on life. When when you're 22, 23, 25 years old and you live in your mama's basement, you're missing out on life. Yeah. And so you need to go be somebody and it breaks our heart. 'cause we love you. We, we like having you around, but it's not about us. It's about you and your development as a person. Your emotional, your psychological, your spiritual development, your financial development. You become a different person when you buy your own eggs and pay your own light bill and fold your own clothes or don't, but they're your clothes. Mm. Yeah. And that you, you just changes. There's a little thing happens there.


Little different thing. And again, Ben, for God's sakes, we're not picking on you. Okay? We're not, you called up. You're nice young man. We appreciate you. None of this is aimed at you, but I'm just telling you folks, moms and dads, you are stunting their growth. A hundred percent Reminds me of that movie with Matthew McConaughey. Oh God. Failure to launch. It's a horrible movie. I don know. I think it's a great mom. Matthew Matthew's done some really good work in his life and that is not on the list. This Is exciting folks. Dave Ramsey with a strong opinion on a romcom. I I I never thought I'd see the day. Well, I Mean this is great on if you're co-stars Terry Bradshaw. I'm just saying you're Right. The quality of the script writing was low. I, I'll Give you that. But, but when Stacey wants to see it, I say okay. Yeah. Well yeah, there is that.


I'm blaming it on her. Yeah, I would, I'm blaming it on you, but we're all right. Joe is in Louisville, Kentucky. Hi Joe. What's up? Hi. Thanks for having me guys. How are you? Better than we deserve. How can we help? Good. So just quick background. Last year I had, I'd left a job that I was at for about 15 years. Since then I've been struggling to, you know, find a job to make what I need to make to pay the bills. And I'm primarily using job boards and they, they just seem to not be going anywhere. Oh, they're awesome. There are other That's horrible. Yeah. Resources out there I guess to What were you making?


You know, I was making about 130,000 a year Doing what? It was commissioned. So it kind of went up and down. Sales and management. Okay. And why did you walk out the door without having anything to go to? Well they had a new ownership come through and one of the first changes they made was pay for the, the regional manager. So I ended up, was on pace for about 70 k after they took over. Okay. So it cut your pay half and you said, you said stick it. Okay, I got that. Yeah. Alright. So have you been working? So I did have Another Go ahead. Have You been working? I have been working, Yeah. I have been working.


I'm currently making right now about 55 KA year. So Do you know how to sell? Yes. I, I can sell. What were you selling before when you were making 130? It was furniture Wholesale or, or, or the customers? I mean or or the customers. Just customers. I'm Sorry. Yeah. Customer. Customer two customers. So, okay. Yeah, retail Customers. Okay. Wow. I gotta tell you, my mom sold furniture was a manager of a large furniture chain for 35 years. And if you can make that kind of money in furniture, those margins aren't that high. You've got a lot of options in front of you right now. A lot. And you've gotta stop job boarding. And you've gotta start, start having coffee with people that you know, clubs, you know, a lot of people, churches, you know people.


And look, you can sell anything. You're not a guy who's stuck in an industry. In other words, you aren't just effective in the furniture industry. You know, a product, you know, a service. Not only can you sell it Joe, but you let a team of people, Medical, medical, medical device sales, you can make two and a quarter Easy, easy. So with I've, I've looked at some medical, like sales jobs. I, I just feel like, you know, I I don't feel like it's, you know, I'm qualified I guess for it. Do you, you just apply anyway. Yes. Just Hope there aren't doctors making the sales or salespeople making, making sales to doctors. Yeah. I got a friend who's got, who's a former college football player.


I'm not knocking football players. He's advising surgeons on orthopedic devices in the operating room. Not 'cause he's a genius 'cause they trained him on the devices. Dave's right. You don't need anything other than a willingness to learn and basic intelligence. And you have both of those in droves. Hey, we're gonna send you Ken's book from Paycheck to Purpose. I want you to go on his website and learn his Oh. Oh no. Also we're gonna send you proximity principal. That's what he's his other number one. 'cause that's, that does, that's what you do instead of job boards. It'll help you do what you're supposed to do. Yeah. Hey Dave Ramsey here. Dr. John Delony and I are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour.


You, the audience will vote to choose the topics we talk about things that impact your life, like investing in your future money, stress in marriage and more. We're coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth, and Phoenix in April and May, 2025 Tickets are at their lowest price right now. Grab yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Today's question of today is brought to you by why refi. 93% of undergraduate private student loans are co-signed. So if you have one and you're delinquent, grandma, uncle Joe, whoever it is, is drowning with you. But there is a way out why refi, why refi, refinances, defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch. And they Give you a low fixed rate loan built for you so you can get it paid off. Get current and get paid off. Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in Allstate.


Today's question comes from Andre in Indiana. I'm being managed out of my job at my current employer. When I realized what was happening, I got ahead of it and have turned in my resignation. So I won't have a termination on my employment record. I have several interviews lined up and I'm not worried about finding another position. My question is, how should I approach obtaining a letter of reference from my current employer? Should I need it? Well you're gonna approach it now before you leave the building. Number one. Number two, you're gonna approach it with some gratitude and humility and just say, Hey, I appreciate this opportunity to, to be here and I would love if you feel comfortable being a reference for me and gimme a reference letter upon request. Are you comfortable with that?


It's just a man to man conversation or a man to woman conversation. And that's about all you can do there. And hopefully you've left. Well, we don't know what the situation here is, but I'm such a proponent for people leaving. Well, even if you feel like you're not supposed to be there anymore, even if you feel like you've got some tension, you feel like maybe it wasn't the best situation for you leaving well and not burning that bridge is always the right way to go because you have to assume that any future employer is going to call your past employer. And so humility and gratitude and class would be the three ingredients in the ask. And by the way, with every remaining second you have at that place before you leave, act with class.


Yeah. Smile, act with class, do everything. So most employers, Andre, do not give references on formers because of the liability. Right. And so we don't, if someone calls here, the only thing we'll confirm is that they worked here between this date and that date. And that's the only thing we'll tell you. We won't say whether they're awesome or not. Not I didn't realize that. That's good for me to know. I did not. Yeah, I've heard of that. I didn't know that was because We don't wanna get sued. Right. Because we referred them or told or told somebody, you know, this guy's a, he, he's he wasn't good. Right. And then you turn around, you get, you get all this other stuff on you.


So yeah, we just, and that's not that unusual in the employment market. We've learned when we're trying to check references, the, it's tough to get people to actually Give you a reference. I wanna sidestep Ken, I want you to coach for a second here and, and I wanna join you in it. Let's pretend that Andre, I'm gonna make up something for Andre. Sure. I don't know anything about him. So this is all pretend. Sure. Okay. Let's pretend he's 26 and this is his second job and he says, I'm being managed out of my job. Now if you were working at RAMSEY, we don't manage people out of a job.


We do manage them. If they're not competent, we're gonna talk to you about it and help you work on your competence. We do manage you and talk to you about it and create uncomfortable conversations if you're not handling your relationships with others inside the building. Well, if you're being a twerp Okay. And so being the, being the potential employer of someone in this situation, I, I wouldn't take the position I'm being managed out. Yeah.


Unless you've got a pure political situation going on it. I mean just because someone tells you to suck it up buttercup and get better, that is not being managed out. That's correct. So I, if I were coaching Andre, I would ask a lot of detailed questions. What does that actually mean? Yeah. And to the best of my ability, be able to discern, well you're not being managed out or maybe you are now what it's gonna look like in this case, if we're assuming what he's saying is that someone is basically being or making you as uncomfortable as possible. Not in a way of leading you for growth and having an uncomfortable conversation with your growth in mind, but actually being a turd to you to get you to quit because they don't wanna fire you.


Does that happen? It does. Yeah. But in this Case, that's bad leadership. That's bad leadership. So I would be asking enough questions to find out what's really going on. And to your point, if they are holding you to a standard that they hired you to keep, you aren't being managed out. You're being held accountable for what they're paying you for. So I would be diving into what's really going on and then coaching from there. Yeah. And in many cases, and I'm gonna say this, just Because you're uncomfortable That's right. Doesn't mean you're being managed out. That's correct. Or held to a standard. Right. And so what we gotta determine, we're seeing this a lot with the younger generation. Accountability is really, really hard. We Had, we had one a while back that just couldn't seem to get to work on time, wander in an hour late and we say, you know, well you're creating stress by Yeah.


That's kinda like, what did we do here? We create stress for you. You need to be here on time. If that's stressful, just suck it up. I mean That's right. I know. Oh, I'm sorry about your anxiety. Get your butt to work on time. Okay. This is what we do. And so, and that's about how it would sound. I mean we might be a little kinder than that. Sure. But you know, it's a pretty simple thing. We open the building at a certain time and you need to be here by then. Yeah. You have to reframe it. It's not creating stress. Right. They say that I'm not creating stress. No. But it's like anyone that ever told me I'm not perfect in the apple of my mother's eye now is managing me out. Exactly. That's a bunch. That's just a bunch of crap. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Okay. So now there's two possibilities. You're, you're, you're being that, I'm not saying that Andre is, but if you be careful when you're using a phrase like I'm being managed out, you are taking the position of victim and you might not be the victim.


That's right. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. You might be, you might be the victim, you might be a bunch of political junk and they're, you know, they're moving the chess pieces around trying to knock you over and get you out. 'cause they don't want you there and they don't have the, the backbone to just fire you. Right. You know, the metaphor I would use here, Dave, is are you being coached or are you being mistreated? There you go. And a coach and I, I I usually return to sports because it grew up playing sports. Discomfort. Discomfort does not mean you're being mistreated. Yeah. You know, I, I watch these NFL training camps. These are millionaires and the coach is pulling them off the, off the field and they are coaching 'em up. They're getting out those little Microsoft pads on the sideline and they're showing these young quarterbacks that are franchise quarterbacks.


Here's what you did wrong on this interception. That's not mistreating that kid, that is coaching that kid on what they expect of them because they're paying them millions of dollars a year. And the same metaphor holds true in the workplace. Is your leader coaching you? Are they mistreating Or are they mistreating you? Yeah, That's true. That's there's Why's Exactly what I'm saying. Exactly what I'm saying. Because we spent a lot of time and money to hire you Yeah. And get you in here. That's a That's right. And so we're not going to manage anybody out. Yeah. It Costs you more to replace 'em. Exactly. We're gonna try to help you make it. That's exactly right. But that may involve discomfort. It it, and it should, It usually doing something you've never done before or something you suck at and you gotta get better is a discomfort.


It's not comfortable. It's outside your comfort zone. A quarterback feels really uncomfortable when he runs off the field after throwing an interception. 'cause there's 75,000 people that are mad at him and is head coach. But guess what? That's the price of admission. That is the ticket to the B and me. Yeah. So step it up. Yeah. So again, I think that's a good clarification. Are you being coached? And if you are, expect discomfort because that's what called growth. That's right. And you're moving up and in, if you're being mistreated, then you're being managed out. But either one of those could fall under this. Yeah. Phrase. I'm not, I I don't like the phrase is what I'm saying. It feels very victim. I felt the same thing when I saw it.


You know? Yeah. And it, but it, it could be that he's just, he might be the victim of some toxic pol politics. It Very well could, I mean, being mistreated, that happens all the time. There's no question there're bad Leaders. 'cause spineless leaders will do stuff like that that's passive aggressive rather than just fire somebody. That's right. So you don't have that trouble here. We're gonna tell you this is what we're doing. If it doesn't work, we're gonna tell you it didn't work. We don't, we're not scared, we're not afraid. And we're not mean and we're not unkind.


So hey guys, for all of you listening to the show on YouTube or the podcast, it's about to end. You can get the entire show including the next segment on the Ramsey Network app, which is free. Download it in the app store or Google Play. You can got the full video or audio podcast production, either one of the whole thing, but certainly the last segment every day. So click in the note, show notes and check it out. We'd love to have you join us. The Ramsey Network app in the app store. The whole thing's free. We're not charging a thing for this. This is The Ramsey Show.


What up? What up? It's Dr. John Delony from The Dr. John Delony Show with some amazing news. The latest episode of United States of Anxiety is available right now exclusively on the Ramsey Network app. This docuseries follows real people from my show as they embark on a 90 day journey to transform their lives. And I personally walk alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. And don't forget to click the link in the show notes to download the app.


What's up Kelsey? So I've lived with crippling anxiety for as long as I can remember. How do I stop it from constantly coming up in different areas of my life? What does crippling anxiety mean? Paint me a picture of that. All right, so you ready to jump in? I'm ready to jump in. We're gonna check in with Kelsey. 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. I cannot even function because I am just crying. My mom left us when I was four. I truly felt like for a while I had no family. She's Experiencing things that really hurt a long time ago. Tell me about this boy.


He triggers me a lot. Scared of losing. And Paul scared of doing the wrong thing. Scared of not being enough. It just feels like it would be exhausting to be Kelsey. It is. Whenever somebody's playing whack-a-mole with their anxiety, when it just keeps moving, that tells me the underlying system's not okay. How do I get my inner child out of this relationship? 'cause I feel like she's running the show. One of two people that's supposed to never leave took off. I was this, I was this burden. You burden that's right to the one person who should carry it. All of it. Did you ever tell that little girl that it wasn't her fault? I don't know what to do.


Do you either have to choose to let this guy love you or you gotta choose to let this guy go.