
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from RAMSEY headquarters. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and co-host of Smart Money Happy Hour, George Kamel. And we'll be answering your questions. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five, and we'll be answering your questions about your life, your money, relationships, career, anything and everything. Give us a call at first in Miami. We have Sally on the line. Hi Sally. Welcome to the show. Hi. Thanks so much for taking my call. I'll try to be quick with my question. My husband does well financially, but he tends to be a bit controlling with money.


He's always taken the inheritance I've received each year and invested it in the stock market. Recently I received about 50 K, which will probably be the last bit of inheritance for a while. Since I'm a stay at home mom with no allowance, I'd like to keep this money in a separate savings account in my name only, but he's adamantly against this and wants me to give him the money to invest. He said he'll give me the monthly dividends as an allowance. Oh. But I hoping it's more freedom than that. Oh, Geez, Sally, I don't like the word allowance used when it's not with your own child. Right. Is how it's been your whole marriage. Yeah. And sometimes I get an allowance and sometimes I don't.


Usually Based on your behavior, you don't have, did you clean up your toys? I don't understand. Do you, Do you have access to y'all's checking account? Just to go, do you have like a debit card to go and spend? I do. I use the credit card that's both of ours for gas and groceries. But if I need to like get a haircut or something, I use my debit card And I have money in there that I usually, I get money from my mom sometimes. Why are you getting money from your mom? Because what he's giving you isn't enough to cover the things that you want or need. Right. Sally, how this Is not Okay, Sally, how long have y'all been married?


15 years. Okay. Does this feel weird to you? It now that I say it out loud, it is Okay because it's, but because it's very weird. This is financial abuse. Well, it's gotten worse since we had our child. I have a 6-year-old and I'm not able to put him in like swim lessons and stuff. And he does really well financially. We have about a $5 million net worth. He makes about 400 KA month or not a month, 400 KA year. Yeah. So I, I don't, but he, I don't know if I can convince him. And he says that I'm selfish to keep the money in a savings account and that I'll lose money to inflation.


Ha. Have you, if I do that shown that you're financially irresponsible, where did all of this come from? He probably thinks I am, but I, I'm not, I, I shop at Ollie's Bargain basement, you know, I don't spend a lot of money. Okay. I don't. Okay. So when you come to him and you say, I I we need to sh have you, have you ever asked, have you guys ever breached the conversation of, Hey, we're gonna have a budget and I'm gonna put in exactly what I need to spend. That stays within what you make, that we're not going crazy, we're not going deep into debt, we're not doing any of that. We're gonna, we're gonna live within our means, And I have full access to our money and that this is what we're gonna agree on and that you have a full say in it.


Has there ever been any kind of conversation around those lines? Kind of. I've asked for an allowance before and he's done it for a couple months, but then, you know, it's, it's just not very much. It's like four to $500 a month. And where's the, do you, do you have access to see where he's spending money? Yeah, I mean, I could look, he's very frugal. He, he just golfs a lot and, and does like small sports gambling, like a couple dollars here and there. Are You sure? It's just a, a couple of dollars?


I don't know. I mean, he hates to spend money, so. Okay. Well, there's some, there's some serious dysfunction in this, Sally. And is he con, is he controlling in other areas as well? Kind of. Yeah. Yeah. Has it been, has he been abusive? No, not physically. No, Not physically, but verbally. Yeah. But manipulative and kind of condescending. What are some of the words that he would use when he's kind of like in a, in a fit when it comes to money? What kind of stuff does he say to you?


He says that I don't understand money, and he just kind of like yells and clinches his fists and, and is like, just says that I, I don't understand. And if I just put the money in a savings account, I'll just be like everyone else. And he said, if I, then I'll spend all the money. And then he'll, then he said, I'll come back to him and need more money. He thinks that I'm just gonna blow through this 50 grand and then come back to him asking for money. So there's a clear he does not trust you when it comes to finances, and he thinks that you're not smart enough to even understand it.


Right. Which, which I, I, There's a, there's a lot of gaslighting where he makes you think you're the crazy one. Yeah. Yeah. Sally, no. So right now, from what you've given us in this call, I would have my own account and have your own money in, and then that, that's, that's a very reasonable step for you. And then beyond that, Sally, what we see constantly is that money is a window into the relationship. Right. That, that this really isn't a money issue. This is that you have, You, you have a jerk of a husband who treats you what sounds horrible, unlike a team, right. That a healthy marriage would represent that we are in this together And I trust you, you trust me, and we're gonna win and we're gonna be excited about this.


It is a downplaying and manipulating and yeah, John Wright, abusive, you know what I mean? Of, of, of how he's controlling money and all of that. Like they, this is not, you're not in a healthy place Right. With your marriage at all. Yeah. And so that's what I would start to target, Sally, the money is gonna be there for you as a tool if you need it, if you need to get outta this marriage. But what I would be, what I would be pushing him towards is we need to Go to marriage counseling asap because I can't function like this anymore as, as a yeah. As a human being in this marriage. You know what I mean? Like, it, it's horrible. Sally, you're in a really bad situation And I want you to feel the weight of that, that you're not crazy.


You're not crazy. Oh, Thank you. I can't see the forest through the trees. It's been so long. But I, I appreciate that. I, We've tried Do you have community around you, Sally, friends, family, people that you can confide in Out of state? I do. So I'll be spending time with them this summer. So that will be nice just with my son And I, so we'll have some time Okay. Away for a little bit. And this, this inheritance, this is just yours, right? He has no legal right to this. Correct. Okay. Yeah. I would, except Use my husband. So I, So I would keep it separate And I would use that to, to get some counseling just for yourself right now, I don't know that he's willing. I hope he is one day. And If he's not Sally, this is a marriage that doesn't survive.


I wouldn't want you, I wouldn't want my sister to be in this kind of marriage long term if he's not willing to do any work and to change what he's doing. This is, this is not a good setup for your life, Sally. You're Being held financially captive. Yeah, You are. That's exactly right. Yeah. And so normally when we talk about, you know, money, we wanna combine everything and we're married, but when there is, and we say this all the time, if there's any level of abuse, mistrust, addiction, anything that feels like you need safety, you need to create that for yourself. And Sally, this is it. And, and, And I would, again, this is to protect you. That's not the real issue. The real issue is that your marriage is not in a good spot. And you need to figure that out quickly for you and your son's sake.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. More and more people are becoming aware of the need for mental and emotional health resources. But over a quarter of those people still say they avoid getting therapy due to the fear of judgment. I know because I've been there, I've sat with hurting people for years. And a lot of folks are scared to take that next step. So, listen, when people won't get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts everybody around them, their families, their workplaces, the entire community. The world is better when people are healthy and whole. So if you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule. They have a network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the therapist that's just right for them. So to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time. It's easy and it doesn't cost any extra money. Listen, good folks, we're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash stallone to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Up next, we have Jake in Grand Rapids. Hi Jake, Welcome to the show. Hi, How are you doing? We're Doing great. How can we help? Hi there. Yeah, so I'm fresh outta high school. I don't have any debt. I don't, I've never taken out any loans and I'm, I'm curious that when I start to go look for a house 10 years down the line or whenever, how, how will I be able to get a mortgage without having any credit? Oh, Jake, you were speaking my language. This is one of my favorite questions. 'cause it feels like a magic trick. You know, when people ask this question, they go, I need to build a credit And I can go through how to rent a car without a credit score, renting an apartment, all the things.


But the house is the one that gets people. So that tells me you already know there's a way to do it. Yeah. So what have you found out in your research so far about how to buy a house without a credit score? So I, I've heard, I've heard like different things And I, it, it doesn't really make sense to me. Like the, someone brought up like a manual underwrite And I, I'm, I'm not really sure what that is. I I don't really understand what they're, what they're talking about. Perfect. So when you think about the credit score, this was invented in the nineties and all it did was make it easier for lenders to kind of do a vibe check on the people they were lending money to. Right. So Jake has a high score. Great. He's a reliable borrower.


We know Jake's probably gonna pay back well back before credit scores existed, instead of automated underwriting through, you know, computers and AI and credit scores, there was something called manual underwriting where a real person like me sits down, looks at Jake's tax returns, his pay stubs, his previous payment history on his rent and utility bills and insurance and go, oh, okay, Jake's a reliable person. He's gonna pay back the money he borrowed. And so that's all manual underwriting is, is instead of relying on a credit score, it relies on a real person to look at your financial documentation. Yeah. Versus like a computer or technology doing it. It's a person. So manual versus not.


And a lot of mortgage companies, because they're truthfully just lazy, go, no, we don't do that. And so people think, wow, I can't get a mortgage without a credit score. But there's a lot of companies that will do it. And the main one that specializes in this is called Churchill Mortgage. They've been a partner of The Ramsey Show for over three decades now. And those, that's who I went through to get my last mortgage without a credit score. And they made it real easy. You'll have to supply things like, you know, a 12 month history of your savings and bank accounts tax return for verification of income, rental payment history. So if you've rented an apartment or even from your family and you have an on-time payment documented every single month that counts. And then, you know, an alternative trade line, like a cell phone bill or insurance bill that you paid regularly. So if you have all of that, okay, gotcha. Plus you got a solid down payment, you're gonna be in good shape. It's gonna be kind of a nothing burger.


Gotcha. All Right. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Absolutely. So, right. And you know what, Jake, I'll throw in, George, you wanna give away one of your books Yes. To Jake breaking free from broke. 'cause he has a whole chapter or multiple, maybe even A whole chapter on credit scores specifically On this specifically. But Jake, you're, you're at a great age though, to how to take these principles and actually apply it to your life. 'cause you're starting adulthood. I mean, like, you're, you're in it. And so this book is gonna be probably the best guide to help you continue to live debt free. What does it look like to honestly build wealth in a really healthy, solid way? Not in like all these like shortcut ways that I feel like so many people are talking about. Yeah. And just avoiding the noise and confusion and traps out there. And Jake, you've done such a great job.


I wanna applaud you. If you just continue down this path, you're gonna have so much money that credit scores will become irrelevant. 'cause you don't need to go borrow money for a car loan. Right. You're gonna be able to pay cash for a used car. Yeah. So keep it up man. Yeah, that's great. That's my encouragement to you. Yes. You're doing the things the right way. Hang on the line and Emily will pick up. We'll get you that book. Alright, up next we have Derek in Salt Lake City. Hi Derek, Welcome to the show. Hi, Thanks for taking my call today. Yeah, Absolutely. So my question is kind of regarding my girlfriend and her, her desire to, to work or not to work, really give, have you guys a little bit of background. So she's 26 still in college working on her bachelor's degree.


And her parents have a deal with all of their kids that as long as they're in school, they'll pay for all of their college and all of their living expenses until they either graduate or get married. That's a wild Situation. Well, she's working on her bachelor's degree and she's 26. Has she been in since she's 18? So she did take a, an 18 months service mission for her church. But other than that she's been full-time school through summer And just getting a bachelor still. This isn't like a master's or anything? Nope. This is just her bachelor's Degree. Is she just stretching it out because she's got mom and daddy's bank attached. I'm like, sweet, why ever leave school I'll be in school till I'm dead. So That's, that's kind of my fear.


So she does, she has two older brothers in the same situation who are 31 and 29 and They're still in school Also still working on Yeah, also still in school. Never worked. Hey parents, let this be a, oh man, your memo Derek don't do this ever. Derek, Does she feel like a winner to you? That's No, not at this. Not at this particular moment. I didn't Realize how no, how long this relationship's gonna last 'cause man Yeah, I, so that's kind of where I didn't know how bad the situation was. I, I like didn't know their work history or anything. Just recently found out that none of 'em have worked, talked to her about That's so wild. We're, we've been dating a year. So we started talking about marriage and finances and this is when it all started to come up of, okay, what's the plan and what's, what's her plan?


And or now it sounds like as soon as she gets married, her either me or her future husband is taking care of all expenses while she finishes school. Yeah. I would get some clarity around all of this. Have you shared with her your concern of saying, Hey, I'm kind of worried that you're just gonna stay in school forever because your life's being funded. Have you kind of been honest with her? Yeah, I've been honest with her and that's why I reached out to you guys. 'cause we were talking about this And I, I work full-time. I have a, a very stable job and been doing that for a while. Debt free kind of whole nine yards there. Yeah. But I asked her to get a, a part-time job during the summer next, next semester to, to kind of get some financial freedom, Freedom Away from, from her, her parents.


But if you're Hershe goal, why would you have, why would you Work part-time? 'cause 'cause hopefully you have the character to say, I'm an adult and I'm gonna start making That was your test To her. Yeah. Adult-like decisions. Yeah. That was, and now it's showing that her character isn't there. Yeah. That was my, my tester to see if she was willing to, to put in some effort. 'cause I wanna make things work, but if, if I'm expected to take a hundred percent of the financial burden for the next 50 years, I don't, I don't know if I can handle That. Right. Right. And it's not even like a situation, Derek, where, you know, she's working and she's like, Hey, but when I become a mom, I wanna be full-time at home and that I want my job to be that. Right. I wanna transfer home and be a full-time mom.


But there's no initiative at all in who she is. And what always that fear is to me is that that starts to bleed into other areas of your life. You know what I mean? Of like this procrastination, Just apathy, Apathy or laziness, lack of purpose or like, I don't know what it is, but I'm like, man, yeah. It's just not a very, it's not a lot of attractive qualities that come out of that. And I'm not saying that she needs to like go be some corporate woman climbing the ladder and work 80 hours a week. It's not even that. But it's just like, yeah, I want the dignity to have my own money. I'm 26. I'm 26 and I've been in school for, what, eight Years. I don't even know how you drag out a bachelor's degree for eight years. That's that's what I'm saying. Even if I was masters, that's impress. Impress. Is she just taking like part-time classes or like flunking every time That's she's, she's had to retake a lot of classes where she's failed.


Says she wants to get into like a, a master's PhD program and so she Needs a And Yeah, Derek, I don't For those reasons, I'm out. I mean, I'm sure she's a wonderful person, but this is not someone I want to continue down the path with personally. Yeah. Based on what you told me. Because what's so hard, Derek, when you get to this point of a relationship and like, and George knows this, he's been, he's married and so am I, but it's like you have the romantic side, right? You, you fall in love, they're attractive, you know, you have chemistry, like all that stuff is great, but then what ends up kind of where like the rubber meets the road is when real life happens and it's like I've chosen someone in my life to, You wanna partner in this life Yeah. To walk life with and life isn't easy. And, and so there's a level of resilience you want in a partner and A little grit.


Yeah. And, and none of that is coming through right now. And a And I don't wanna blame her for her brothers, but the whole family, a Lot of dysfunction That a 31-year-old man is still in school. Like that's her brother and that's who you're marrying into too. Derek, Who's hiring this guy? I see on your resume here, you've been in school for 13 years and have yet to get a bachelor's degree. Sure. You get the job. Oh man, Derek, I'm so sorry Derek. This is, What do you think? What, what do you think? What's your next step? So that's my next step was to, to allow her some time to get a job. And if she wasn't willing to work, you know, 15, 20 hours a week, it was kind of the end I Think. I think that's fair.


I, yeah, I don't think that's unreasonable and you're not, you know, looking for her to make a hundred, you know, it's like, oh well she's not making a hundred thousand a year. She's not, you know, it's nothing to do with that. It's just the effort as a human and an adult in the world today. Go ahead. Play on Boyi men end of the road and grieve this relationship.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips because they taste so good. That's why I love my Field of Greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable in Field of Greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water and here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass but it tastes great. And only Field of Greens makes this promise your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck. And just keep wondering where is all my money going? Our team is hosting a free budgeting training this month. So you will learn step by step on how to make and stick to an EveryDollar budget. And you get to ask all of your budgeting questions. We have a live q and a with our coaches and this is a great webinar to sign up for. So you can sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. Spots are limited so make sure to check that out.


All Right, let's Go to John in Aspen. Hey John, Welcome to the show. How's it going? Good. I feel like I have so many dumb and dumber jokes right now. I could, I could start. That's mostly what's happening in Rachel's brain is dumb and dumber quotes. I know, but How can we help? So I have a two point question. I'm gearing up to buy my first home at 25. I have very little debt. I have a 300 and $330 truck payment and then I owe a little less than 3000 on credit cards And I have a total of 15,000 available to me. So I'm in a good position. My girlfriend is moving to where I'm at here in October. And I'm curious on if I should a wait to rent a little bit, see how we live together and then buy a house.


And then also how do I know when I found the correct mortgage, you know, or Ellie's home loan lender. Where do we start? Where do we start? I'll also say there's Some good questions. What, what's the truck loan? What's actually left on the loan? 16,000. Okay. And you say 30,000 in credit card? What did You say? 3000 right? 3000, yeah. Okay, So you got 3000. Yeah. So you got 19,000 in consumer debt. Yes. And you have 15,000 in savings? No, I have 15,000 available for credit, like available credit cards. So by 20% I'm using is my total credit usage. Oh okay. So you have no money?


No, I have about $2,000 saved up. So you have no money. Okay. Right, because you have all this debt So I, you know what I mean, like your liquid savings Debt, you're debt, it's a negative net worth with your debt. Yep. So that worries me is that you think you're in a great place financially and really we have some work to do, we've seen a lot worse. You can clean this up pretty quick. What do you make a year? About 52,000. And then at the end of the year we get bonuses And I do own A LLC just side business that typically brings in about a thousand dollars per job. Okay. What do you make from that per year would you say? So just started it up having even been a full year.


So I would say this year, I mean I'd be lucky if I hit 10,000. Okay, so you'd probably bring in about 60,000 this year, give or take. Yeah, I would say, you know, somewhere in that range. Okay. So number one I would focus on building some financial foundation before you even think about home ownership. And here's what that looks like. Getting completely consumer debt free. So paying off the truck completely, paying off the credit cards completely, not going into any more debt and then building an emergency fund of three to six months of expenses and that, that might take you a year to do all of that. Yep. And so there's a prerequisite there. Then once we have that foundation, we can begin saving up for the down payment on top of that in a separate savings account.


Yeah. And the reason why we do that, John, is because what we find is home ownership is extremely expensive, right? So when you, when the heating and air goes out, you know you have to take care of the yard. I mean there's so much that goes into owning a home and it's very expensive. And so when broke people go and buy homes, they become broker is what happens. Yeah. They get in a really stressful spot. And so putting yourself in a position where you have such this like zero risk, lots of money in the bank. So when things come up it's like, oh that broke. Well just fix it here out of this cash that we have, we're not having to go deeper into debt for things that happen. We, we have the ability to be autonomous with our money and that is a very stress-free way to live versus the opposite.


And the opposite would be what many people do, John, they're in your situation and then they go and get a mortgage and get a home and they're dating someone, they buy a house with the person they're dating and then they look up in three years. They have no money a relationship that's broken off. But this the other person still is on the deed of the home and like all of it and it's an absolute mess. And they end up calling our show. So I'm glad you called when you did because we wanna stop, we want this to be way smoother than what we see a lot of people do. So doing those first two steps, like what George said is key and then saving up at least a 5% down payment, if not more, that would be great. And then walk him through George, just kind of our formula when it comes to homeownership.


'cause he's asking about his mortgage. About the mortgage. Yeah. You said what? What's the best mortgage to get for this? You wanna focus on getting a conventional fixed rate mortgage. There's a lot of crappy mortgage out there. Conventional fixed rate is the way to go. And then you've heard of a 30 year mortgage, right? Yes. And then there's a 15 year mortgage and so that's going to increase the payment, but it gets you out of debt 15 years faster while saving you potentially six figures of interest based on home prices and the interest rates we're seeing out there. And so people go, well I can't afford that. Well that might mean you need more of a down payment, you need a bigger down payment. It might be a 10, 20, 30% down payment, which could take longer. And that also might mean we don't need the McMansion when we're a single guy or we just got married.


Maybe that's a town home or it's further out of the city if you're in Aspen proper. I imagine home prices there are insane, Like very expensive. Oh yeah, definitely. So this Is gonna take a while and it, there's no rule, there's no rule of law that says you have to own a home by 26 or else you're a failure. So if this takes you three years to save up the down payment, that's okay. But you wanna make this house a blessing instead of a burden. And too many people rush into it 'cause they think, I don't wanna waste money on rent. And so they just jump into a house at all costs. So that's one thing to avoid. Stick to a 15 year fixed rate conventional mortgage where the payment is no more than a quarter of your after tax income. So think about your gross income, subtract the taxes, but then don't put in the, you know, other deductions like healthcare and 401k that doesn't count in that 25% just after tax income.


Keep that to around a quarter of your income so that you have margin to continue the other baby steps and have money to go on vacation and save up to upgrade things and pay off the mortgage early. Oh yeah. So pretty much just, you know, keep on working and keep on, you know, just trucking along and save up a good amount So I can actually be comfortable. Exactly. Yes. Exactly. And then just changing the mindset of, well it's just a little bit of debt. Any single piece of debt in your life is stealing from your future. It's stealing from your paycheck. So I want you to look at debt like the villain and get rid of it. Cut up the cards and stick to using your own money. It changed how I handled money, John, back in the day when I got outta debt, I cut up that card, I started spending way less. I realized the credit card was causing me to overspend because I was using someone else's money and paying it back later.


Okay. Yeah. Well, Well thank you very much for the advice. I appreciate it. Yep, for sure. John, thanks so much. Thanks for the call. Yeah, I think that's what's hard George's, I feel Like the fuddy duddy sometimes. Don't you ever just wanna grant someone their dreams and go, go for it. You know what, John and Aspen, you go buy that house right now, just Add to cart with that house and go for it. Add to cart. But I care about John. A lot of people, they just want to tell John what he wants to hear. For sure. Yeah. And which Is, you deserve it. You work hard. That's that's not a lot of truck payment. You could still afford a mortgage on top of that. Yeah. And it's just, we get the calls when they thought life was gonna work out perfectly and now they're drowning in payments. Or they moved in with the girlfriend and now the girlfriend is no longer the girlfriend.


Well that was the call that Ken And I think Jade took earlier this week maybe They were telling us that. Yeah. Deed to a house and they ended up breaking up and he stopped paying. Oh, I was on that Mortgage. Was that you? Okay, okay. Yep. I remember it very fondly. Yes. So I mean it's just those situations and yeah, She moved out but her name was on the deed and the mortgage and they're no longer together and it's getting foreclosed on now. That's right. 'cause he stopped paying. That's it. And we're like, this is it you. That's so hard. She's like, well, we don't communicate. I'm like, well you're gonna have to start too. 'cause you guys got into this business transaction together, house together in the most expensive financial decision of your life. I know. And what's always so funny is that what the advice we give, we joke that we're weird.


Yes. Because, you know, for John and his situation like that is so normal just to have a car payment, have some credit cards. I haven't hit the credit card limit. I'm way under. So I'm I'm being responsible. Yes. Right. In his head he's like, I'm being responsible. Having Access to $15,000 of other people's money is different than having 15,000 Thousand. Yes. And yeah. And not a big savings. You know, all this like, that is, that is normal. And that's why our advice usually on the show is the complete opposite of situation of what people are doing. But, and it does, it gets back to just this common sense approach. But it's the one that works that we see time and time again. So I'm glad, I'm glad he called. Yes. I don't want John to be average. I don't want him to settle for that average sucks in America, the average 401k balance sucks.


The average car payment sucks. You can do better and escape average and break free from broke if you're just willing to do some hard things for a short season. He's not far off from being completely debt free with a fully funded emergency fund. 12 months of changing some habits, changing his mindset. He can do this stuff.


All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, And I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston And I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them at Fairwinds dot org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So Go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY. Fairwinds is federally insured by NCUA.


Our question of the day is brought to you, brought to you by Why Refi when life happens and those private student loans go into default. Why Refi offers real responsibilities, not judgment. Why Refi will help you explore low fixed rate based loans on your unique situation, based on your unique situation. So Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Mason in Michigan. Is Dave's stance to only buy a cell phone in cash? Or is he okay with putting it on an installment plan with a cell phone provider over two or three years? Couldn't tell you Dave's stance. I could guess Dave's stance. But we can give you George and Rachel's stance at least that I don't wanna put words in the guy's mouth. He's not here to defend himself. But the simple answer is yes, only buy a cell phone in cash. An installment plan is effectively debt because you have to finish paying off the phone before you actually own it. And you're also locked into this contract for two or three years. So if anything happens, you wanna switch, you want to change phones, well you're kind of stuck in these handcuffs with that cell phone provider.


And So I always recommend buying a phone in cash. And if you can't afford the brand new iPhone 16 Pro Max with 512 gigabytes, then don't buy it. You can buy a used phone. Yes. In fact, I just sold a used phone online. Oh, you did? Within a day. And I got great money For it. Nice. And you were laughing at some guy's phone in the lobby. It was like an IPhone six. It was so vintage. It had the little lens We were taking pictures in. George, I never even notice that stuff. George is like the Apple guy and he is like, Hey, is that the, is that the iPhone model for Whatever this is from a former Apple store employee. I know, As you can tell and listen and the guy in the lobby with the, but the phone, he is doing great. He's Thriving, he's Living a great life. Thriving.


He's fine. So you can buy a cheaper phone if you need to. All's gonna be okay. Just I feel like these installment plans also have caused like cell phone inflation. 'cause the cell phone companies, like we can charge whatever, they'll just put It 'cause plans on payments. Yes, totally. So it's part of the problem. And it causes you to get into a cycle where you're, it's like a gateway drug to other payments. Yeah. If you're okay with this payment, why not buy now pay later. Right, Right. They promise 0% too. Well, and the thing always is when you get stuck in a system where you have to, you're locked in and you cannot get out, that's not fun. Like that's not, that's not what you wanna do. So that's essentially what debt is and essentially when the, what these kind of plans are. So That's the simplest answer. Good Question. All Right. I hope he's buying an iPhone.


Don't be an Android guy. All Right. Oh, come on George. I'm not an elitist. Such a judgmental. Do you know I had an Android? Did you? Yeah, I had a Blackberry. This is back on like, oh, 20 2007 or something. But it was a Blackberry. That doesn't count, does it? And then an Android. That's not an Android. Oh no. An Android. It's not giving you my, my thank you James. My cell phone. And I was a Nokia user and then a Blackberry and then an Android for two years. And I swore I would never get an iPhone. I don't know why I didn't like 'em. I didn't like the people that had 'em. There we Go. That was, that's the real answer. That was in like 2010. And now you've changed. Now you are that person. Now I'm that person and I've been that person. It's Fine for a while. I kid, I like to upset the Android people with their green bubbles.


I don't need you in the group chat. All Right. That's all I'm saying. All Right. So true. Okay, let's Go to Lauren in Kansas City. Hi Lauren. Welcome to the show. Well, hello everybody. Hello. How can we help? Okay, so my question is, should I take money out of my savings to start a small business to hopefully, you know, make more money to save more money? 'cause at this point, I think I'm on baby step six. I just own a three bedroom condo technically in Branson, Missouri. And I'm trying to pay that off as quickly as possible. But I'm literally working 80 hours a week to try to get ahead And I'm killing myself. Whoa. Oh girl. What are you doing for work and what do you make?


Well, I am a property manager at AdChoices Hotel and, well, I make 20 an hour, but, so that's not even 40 grand a year. And I'm a front desk agent at the Hilton, and that's 16 an hour. So I probably make about 34 a year if I'm lucky, after taxes. And you're legitimately working two full-time jobs? Yes. That's exhausting. Right now I'm, I'm at the Choice Hotel and then I leave here at two 30 to work three to 11. What does The growth growth track look like in the hospitality world where you can make 75 KA year? Well, you're wanting to start a small business is what? You wanna Leave this industry completely, Maybe not completely. I wanna do the, if the business got busy enough, I would leave the hotel business, but if not, I just want it as extra income.


Sure. Because I'm more passionate, more passionate about events and entertainment and mainly party planning. So pitches your small business idea, how much is it gonna cost and what it's, what's it gonna be? Okay. So I wanna rent out photo backdrops, you know, like the florals, like the pretty stuff people stand in front of to take pictures at. Like bridal showers, baby showers, weddings, mother's day. And I do have a couple of connections like with the Hilton and the convention center in town. And because There's a lot of weddings and events There. Have you done these before, Lauren? Yeah, I have, but it's just like, I have two backdrops that I own personally. Okay. And I've rented them out a handful of times.


It's like, and how, how expensive, how, how much money can you make by doing that? Like if an event rents out one of your backdrops, how much are you making? Well, depending on the backdrop, I mean a hundred, well, $200 for the most basic one and like up to $400 depending on how fancy the backdrop is. But my issue is I only have two and they're not fancy. So if I invested in a more backdrops, it's gonna cost me anywhere from three grand to five grand just to have a handful of backdrops. Okay. And how much do you have in your savings? 30,000. 30. Nice. Are you single kids? Yes. No children. Okay. No man. Yeah. So is $25,000 a good emergency fund for you?


Do you feel comfortable with that? It feels like a lot. Oh yeah. Yeah, for sure. And I would Take, I was just trying to, because I only owe 54,000 on my condo, So I was trying to just, you know, get up to 60, pay it completely off and then, you know, my 5,000 would be my emergency fund. But it was like, should I try to do the side gig or the side project business to make more money quicker without killing myself? Yeah. How much of this can you do on your own without hiring other people? Because you, you're kind of stuck trading your time, right? You gotta bring the backdrop, set up the backdrop, break down the backdrop. You gotta keep it local to where it's drivable. Right. Exactly. Mo, for the most part, I can do it all by myself.


Now, in addition to the backdrop, I also do balloon arches and those can be anywhere from a hundred bucks to Yeah. 300 bucks, depending on how much time it takes and how many balloons it takes. Yeah. Well, I mean, I mean, if you had a great backdrop, Lauren, you know, and you could charge 600 and you did one of those a week, I don't know how, I don't know how many parties are out there. That's 2,400 bucks. Yeah, that's 2,400 bucks a month. Yeah. I would say it'd Be more popular during, you know, like special events in the holidays, like Christmas, new Year's Eve. Sure, sure. But it's just because ideally you could get to the place where this replaces the front desk job that you're making 34. And if you could do this instead, you know, maybe still keep the other one but replace at least one of these so that you're just working a few hours versus till 11 every night, you know, at the front desk.


Yeah, that exactly. That seems worth it to me. Exactly. And it seems like it's been somewhat proven out the fact that you're, you have Two, you got connections, you've done this before, you've made money. So I would, yeah, if you're gonna spend cash on this and go with a small investment upfront with three to five grand, yeah, I would go for it. And see where you can take this thing and see how you might end up needing to hire someone out because you're working and can't be at every single event in all places at one time, but maybe you pay them, you know, 15, 20 bucks an hour to go set it up and break it down and you still make profit. Yeah. And that way you don't have to be everywhere. Yeah, exactly. And it, it doesn't take long. I mean, they're heavy and kind of annoying, but it, it literally takes me thir like not even 30 minutes to set it up and you know, get it in place and then 30 minutes to break it down and put it in my car.


That's great. And also drive a Prius. I was gonna say, I feel like you're gonna need a pretty big car to carry all these backdrops. So what I don't want you to do is go, I had to finance a $50,000 van to transport the backdrops. Yeah. So just be smart about it. I say, and my, my car has been paid off for nine years, so I'm gonna let it, you know, die on me. Well Lauren, you've been very smart. You don't have any consumer debt, you have a lot of savings, you're taking your time, you're working to pay off the condo. I mean you're doing your, your gut so far is correct, what you've been doing. So Yeah, I trust you. I trust And maybe I'd say I'd work on saving up and cash flowing A SUV or van So you can use it for business and increase your income that way too.


Yeah. Because I also wanted to like, not just do the backdrop, but you know, make it pretty, you know. Yeah. Purchase a few like benches, which I have a couple, but they're like fold up benches. I can fit in the Prius. I love it. It's like I can, yeah. I can't get couches and stuff because Yeah. Time that I too through the top S for sure. Just so great Lauren. Just go slow and be smart about it. Use profits to reinvest in the business and start to grow this thing and see where it goes. Yeah, I'm for it. People love A balloon arch these days, Lauren. So ladies Love a balloon Arch. You're in a great business And men could do without them.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xander is the real deal, and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282


Live from Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend, the bestselling author, George Kamel, and you can also hear us on our other show, Smart Money Happy Hour. So make sure to check that one out. And we are taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5, talking about your money, your life, relationships career. Just give us a call and we are here to answer your questions. First up, we have Ray in New Jersey. Hi Ray. Welcome to the show. Hi. Thank you for having me. Yes.


My question for you today is how do I convince my teenage son that day Trading isn't really a good way to make money? Oh, What got him into day trading? Like an app or something? Yeah, yeah. So he, as a kind of a background, he was talking to me recently about Cash App and the stocks in there. And so he actually has $42 in Cash app and he's trying to convince me how this is a great idea to make lots of money. And if he had hundreds of dollars that could turn into thousands and just trying to Good, good. And how old is he when you say teenage?


Is it like 13 or 18? He's, He's 17, turning 18. Well, He knows everything. What good are you at this point? Correct. I'll tell you this much. The best teacher that convinced me was my own stupidity when I was that age. So that might be the key to solving this, is you just let him keep doing it until he either becomes a multimillionaire and buys you a house or goes completely broke. Which at 17 he didn't have much to begin with and he learns. Learns this lesson, the stove is hot, let's not touch stove anymore. That might be my strategy, just seeing, I cover it in my book, breaking Free From Broke. I have a whole chapter on investment traps And I cover day trading because people see it as a tool to create wealth.


And as I looked into day trading, here's what I found. One study found that 97% of day traders who persisted for more than 300 days lost money. So if he hasn't lost money yet, just give it time and he will figure it out. And if he thinks I'm gonna be the 3% mom, his risk meter is broken, he doesn't have bills to pay, so why would he be concerned about losing the 50 bucks that he had? You know what I mean? Right. And So I think part of this is just him experiencing a little bit of pain. And that's hard to do as a parent. Of course, you don't want to see your kid experience pain or do something stupid, but as long as he's not leveraging money and borrowing a bunch of money, if he's just using his own fun money and this is what he wants to do, you know, it might be a good financial sort of learning to go, All Right, I'm learning about how investments work, I'm learning about the risks of day trading.


And eventually, hopefully he goes, been there, done that. I'm gonna invest in something a little more proven, a little less volatile. That's my take. Okay, Rachel? Yeah, I mean there's only so much, I think Ray at this point, you know, you can tell him all that you can. Right. And then he's either gonna have to choose to listen or not. 'cause the truth is true, he's about to be 18, so he's gonna be off on his own. So for the fact of you trying to, like, you Can take away his phone and say, I pay the phone bill and you're not gonna get on these apps. But I think that's only going to cause him to want to. Yeah. And, And I think that that's not gonna like give him the tools in life that he's gonna need here in a few months when he goes off on his own. So, so yeah. I think it's, you know, showing him the facts and then running even like if you Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and our investment calculator and just say, Hey, instead of day trading this money, what if you just put it in a mutual funds at a pretty much a guarantee rate of return of 10 11% and over, you know, the course of years.


You gotta just like kinda let it go. But what it'll grow to, you know, so there's ways to build wealth Yeah. That are pretty guaranteed, but that Involves, which is the markets patients and delayed gratification. Yeah. Which is something no 17-year-old has. Yeah, I was gonna say this kind of, this is exactly what I think they prey on. People that love quick results, high risk, and some people are just wired that way. I mean they really are. And so it does take a level of maturity and discipline to say, you know what, if I'm gonna build wealth the right way, that's gonna sustain me long term. It's not these risky type of investments. And so, yeah, I think he may just kind of have to learn that Ray, I hate to say it right, But you can play some calls from The Ramsey Show. We've taken them where people lost 30,000, 150,000, even $300,000 day trading And you know, oh wow.


And with him, I don't, I'm not a mom of teenagers, my oldest is 10. So you are way on the further train of this ray than I am as a parent. But it is funny, even my kids, you know, you see parts of them and their personality, which if directed the right way, is wonderful. So like his tenacity in his, the thought that he even wants to like, make money doing something, we took a call of someone who's 31 years old and still in school trying to get their bachelor's degree 10 years later. And you're like, oh my God, will you please get a job? Like, You know Yeah. The, his curiosity actually bodes well for him. Yeah. And if it's directed in the right way, the negative way, which I probably would tell him is you need to have a lot of caution around this because this is the same type of mentality that gets into gambling.


You know what I mean? It gets, it gets, it can get into a lot. Right. 'cause you can get in over your head really, really fast thinking, oh, just, just another a hundred bucks And I promise I can remake it. Right. It's, it's that, that feeling And then the sun cost fallacy of, well, I'm really far down, I need to get back up. Yes, yes. So that, that's the negative side of all of this, that I would, as a parent, probably just say, this is what I see and this, this can be directed in a really healthy, amazing way. We just need to direct it the right way. Direct It toward, Hey, let's open you a Roth IRA and get you working and throw some income in there. Yeah. And that can be a healthy way to channel this energy of him wanting to learn and grow and build wealth without losing his hard earned money. Well, you Know what I mean, honestly. Right.


Even, even a high yield savings, something that maybe he can get to, you know, a Roth isn't a bad idea by any means, but you can't touch that till you're 59 and a half. But maybe something that he can like see a little bit of growth, growth tangible, I don't know. Yeah. That he can kind of play with, I think is, is great. But again, it's, it's a low risk. It's not great reward because usually low risk is longer periods of time of patience. So you're not gonna get this quick hit of stuff. But I don't know, Don, Think about what apps are designed to do. They're designed to get you to open them back up. And so that's what Cash App is doing. They're just like Robinhood and M1 and all these flashy apps. They're getting young people to try to have a little notification that says, Hey, come back and make a trade. You can make some serious money. Hey, we'll give you a little discount, we'll give you a free trade.


And all of that is enticing young people to make really risky financial decisions under the guise of entertainment. Right, right. Yeah, that's The scariest part. So Ray, I'm gonna send you a copy of my book, breaking Free from Broke to Give to him. And if you'd prefer the audio book, let our team know's. Great. We can get that to him and just have him read the Investment Traps chapter and have a conversation about it. You don't need to be heavy handed here, just say, Hey, would you read this and let me know what you think. Yeah. And he might say, this guy's an idiot. I know what I'm doing and I've, listen, he Wouldn't be the first one, George Kamel that, that George Kamel, he, That's a Tuesday For me. He doesn't know what he's talking about, But I'm just not interested in losing money at the stage of my life. And I think you kind of need responsibility and Bills to feel that a little More, right?


Yes. Versus Being under mom and dad's roof. I was spending EveryDollar I made when I lived with my parents. Oh sure, yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I wasn't as smart as her son. That's right. Totally. It's fine music here. I Know. And I think that's it too. I mean, I even remember me as a kid, mom and dad, that is one place that they did well. They let us make mistakes with money. I mean, and by that meaning like spending on stupid stuff, you're Not going into crippling debt, But just No. Gosh, no. No. And they, but they were never like Helicopter controlling, Overly controlling parents with that. I mean, they really did. And then, I mean, I was the one that always spent everything, it'd be like the 18th of the month And I was like, hi, I need some more money for the rest of the month. I ran. And they were like, well, that's what your job is for. Go make some money, Rachel. But you just kinda learn, it's like a trial and error, especially in your teenage years, you know?


And I think that's, that's a gift to give our kids. I do think one of the mistakes with parenting recently is they are such either helicopter parents controlling every move or the snow snowplow parenting where they Oh, Smooth It out. Smooth it out so that there's no bumps in the road. You have no hardship, you don't feel any pain. Life is easy and beautiful and that's what I want as a parent for you. And that is damaging too. So it is a hard balance. But Ray, he sounds like he has some good tenacity. So we'll just channel it, channel it in the right way and he'll be great. That's right.


Let's be honest. Shopping for health insurance can be confusing with high costs, complicated terms and customer service that doesn't really serve you. Most folks just pick a plan and hope for the best. See, insurance companies don't work for you. They work for themselves, meaning they love it when you overpay. So you need a guide on your team to help you make the best choices. Health Trust, Financial works for you. They're not salespeople. They help you find the health insurance option that makes sense and saves you money. The fact is, health insurance is one of the biggest expenses in your budget. But most people who work with Health Trust Financial end up saving $500 a month. Imagine putting that kind of money toward the baby steps. My team has worked with them for over 20 years and they've served thousands of people just like you. They're the only health insurance broker that's Ramsey Trusted to help you. So stop throwing money away and get the health insurance that's right for you at Health Trust Financial dot com. That's Health Trust Financial dot com.


Hey guys, Rachel Cruz here. Alright, I'm about to say what everyone already knows, but budgeting is a good thing to do now actually starting. Well, that's where people freeze up and you guys, it doesn't have to be that way. With the EveryDollar budgeting app, getting started is super easy and so is sticking to it. You can set up your first budget in less time than it takes to go through the Chick-fil-A drive-through. It's fast. And the best part, with unlimited budget categories, you can customize it to fit your life. Grocery runs, coffee runs, or planning your next family trip. Whatever you have going on, EveryDollar helps you see exactly what's happening with your money. You'll know what's coming in, what's going out, and what's left over for some fun. Because let's be real, you need some fun in your budget. EveryDollar keeps budgeting simple and stress free just the way you want it. So go download the app for free and get started today. Again, go download EveryDollar today.


The growth of The Ramsey Show has been incredible over the last really two years on podcast and YouTube. And of course those of you listening live on the radio. And So we appreciate that so much because so much of that growth comes from you guys sharing the show with friends, with family. So keep that up for us because we wanna continue to grow this show so that people learn how to handle their money. You know, money's one of the most stressful parts of people's lives. So if you can have a solution and some instruction and guidance around this, that's why we do this show is for people to learn and understand how much their behavior change causes 'em to win, but also the head knowledge of what to actually do. And So we want that hope for so many people out there and even more that are, that are just listening today.


So make sure to share if there's a great clip or an episode that you love, make sure to share it with a friend. Also leave a review, hit subscribe too. 'cause that helps us as well. So we really appreciate your support. You guys. We, we are here for y'all, so thanks so much for listening and watching. All Right, let's Go to Quan in Tallahassee, Florida. Hey, Welcome to the show. Hello. Hey, good afternoon. I'm so glad I made it on the line with you guys. Oh, I'm so glad you called. How are you? I'm doing well. I'm 44. I am in the process of getting a divorce. I have three boys.


Put your seatbelt on. I'm So, I have three boys And No, it's all good. It's a happy occasion. Oh gosh. I meet all hands on deck though. I am in a lot of debt about, in total about $38,000 in consumer debt. 74,000 and student loan debt. We have our miracle home that's got a mortgage on it and a $250,000 mortgage remaining. And it's about worth about 4 0 5 if we sell it.


We have a premar home, a townhouse that we had rented. It is got a $104, $104,000 mortgage on it and fair market value about 2 57. And we also have a key lock on the marital home. $24,000. Okay. So there are a few curve ball here though, both mortgages. My name is on both mortgages. Our names are on both fees. Another curve ball is, we just had mold in that townhouse in the rental.


So shit, the tenant have vacated And I and the Florida insurance company has refused to pay for the mold. So I am paying for that now. So I had to pay for mold remediation and I'll be doing that until January 20, 26 monthly. They worked with me but wow, this is loaded. Yeah, I left my home January 1st And I got an apartment or a count a rental 1825 a month with me and my three boys.


My husband is refusing to sell the marital home, which would give us money in our pockets. Who's gonna live there? He has been saying he wants to stay there, There, so he's gonna take over the mortgage, he's gonna refinance it into his name solely. Yeah, no, we went through all of that. He can't, he does not. Then he can't keep this house. Yes. So he's saying no, I'm not gonna sell it. And yes, you're gonna stay in the mortgage even after we're divorced. That's insane. It is insane that You're gonna need a judge to tell him he can't do that. All that. Yeah. Have you guys gone through process doing that? The divorce process already?


No. Okay. We're, we're, we're in it. We're about to Go to mediation next month. Okay. And so, yes, I told my attorney to please rush the sale of that house because another curve off my first mortgage company or whatever, Wells Fargo servicer, they anyways headed to foreclosure. And so the company that has taken over the mortgage now, within the past like month or so, they have offered a loan modification agreement. And as long as he pays, what's it, 24 16 monthly for the next three months, then they'll be able to draw up a real modification agreement and he's saying, oh, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it.


Well the problem is his income is inconsistent. It's or sketchy it that he is a food truck operator and owner. What's your income? Mine, I'm netting about 8,100 a month. Great. Or yeah, so it's good, you know, but I just haven't been able to enjoy the fruits of my Right. Right. There's been a lot of stress and Yep. Been quite a long time. Yep. Well I do wonder once this goes to court, the divorce, I mean they're gonna have to split your assets and so the house, yeah, I mean there's gonna, it's gonna have to come down to either him paying you the remaining amount he's gonna have have to buy you out.


Yeah. He'll buy you out. But I don't think he has the money to do that, which will then force the sale of so, and gonna force the sale of the home. Yeah. So I do, I do wonder, you know, nor Is he tax compliant. So that's another curve ball. What was that? He's not tax compliant. Right. For the last, That's a nice way to say he hasn't been paying his taxes. Correct. Okay. How much does he owe an IRS debt? I'm not really sure when I left. I, And is this your debt too? At my taxes Product? No, I Don't. So you guys weren't filing jointly? We were going to, but we, we didn't, we had delayed the taxes and so now when I left, I did go ahead and do my taxes on my own And I filed separately.


Okay. Okay. Woo Man. A lot going on here. Awesome. Yeah, I can tell you what I would do in your shoes wan I would sell both properties at all costs. I have one more caveat. Okay. One More. Okay. So the tenants are out Good. The mold Is gone, the room is messed up. The room in the bathroom, they have, you know, it's gutted and I have already sent a letter to my apartment. I'm breaking my lease. I'm thinking it's best to move back into that townhouse. So I don't have this 1825 a month rental to pay for.


Also, I don't have a functioning car. I rolled out my 2004 Honda Accord until it just quit on me. And now I'm renting a, a vehicle for my aunt for one 90 a month. It's doing its job for the moment, but I, I do need a vehicle. Okay. Okay. Well the four walls, if we look at just the basics for you is food, shelter, utilities, transportation. So we need these four just to get you some stability. So the home, yeah, I would probably move back into the condo that you own. So you, you know, I mean that's great if you wanna do that. What's the payment on that?


15, 15, 15 80 a month. And you're paying what right now? Right now I'm 1825. And a rental. Yeah. So it's cheaper. Okay. A Little cheaper. But what if you just sold that rental? You could net 135 grand off of that. Well, his name's on the d What? Okay. But we're gonna force the sale of that in the divorce 'cause he can't afford that. Yeah. So both these properties, corn would need to sell that's gonna Fire your life. You're gonna net about 270 grand if you sell both of these properties, which will clean up your debt and still give you 130 grand on the Other side.


But it's split in half. Right? He'll take half Of that. Yeah. Whatever the court decides is equitable here. 'cause if it's a premarital asset, I don't know how they're gonna view the Yeah. The rental. But if his, his name's on the deed, that will change things possibly. So again, I, I'm not your lawyer, I would work with them to figure out how this is all gonna go down, but until then, it's just a lot of speculation and gyration. Yeah. So to Rachel's point, focus on stability right now. Cover those four walls and try to just liquidate everything you can to get to some stability. Get Rid of this debt. And Quinn, if you hold on the line, Emily's gonna pick up and we'll get you a financial coach for free on us just to walk through hopefully the early parts of this, you know, divorce settlement to be able to get you in the place that you need to get.


So Emily or Kelly are gonna pick up and we'll help you get you connected to a financial coach. I'm so sorry you're going through this, Gwen.


You guys, one of the best gifts that you can leave your family after you're gone isn't stuff it's peace. When something happens, your loved ones don't wanna be digging through drawers or guessing passwords to access your important information. That is why I love Nokbox. That's n Okay, as in next of Kin Box Nokbox is a super practical physical system that helps you organize all your important documents like accounts, passwords, assets, medical records, even your will in one safe place. And your Nokbox is divided into user-friendly categories to help you get organized. So you can give your family clarity, not clutter when they need it most. Go to Nokbox dot com slash RAMSEY and check it out.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter, no purchases necessary, and you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


Well, one of the ups and downs of the financial world, George, in the past recent years has been the housing market. Yep. Man, it's been, it's Been, it's the elephant in the room. I Shouldn't say ups and downs. It's kind of just been up, I, I Guess it's just been like a stagnant stemmy pond of just like, make something happen. Let's see some movement Here. It's so hard. I know. So an article from USA today came out and it says, is it finally a buyer's market? What to know about home prices outlook? Here we go. Prices surged during the pandemic up roughly 50% over the last five years. And mortgage rates hit rock bottom. Americans reconsidered where they want to live during that time. Well, all these gains have had consequences.


Homeowners are sitting on record levels of home equity, but it's increasingly challenging for buyers, especially the first time home buyers to break into the market. But now prices, as they say, are falling back to earth and may continue to do so. So this is not a crash, but we're sort of getting back to reality instead of the inflated prices that we've seen. So the Mortgage Bankers Association expects prices to rise only 1.3% in 2025. And Fannie Mae economists forecast a 4% price gain. So it's worth noting many analysts have predicted a similar trend in the past only to see a sharp imbalance between demand and available supply keeping prices elevated. So I think that's kind of what's been happening is people are now just, they're like, All Right, fine, we're ready to list our house.


And so the market is, does have more supply than it used to. Yes. Yeah. But there's not quite demand meeting it. Right. Which would cause prices to Fall. That's right. Well, realtor.com, their data shows that in April there were 959,251 listings that were active and that is 30% higher than April of last year. Wow. So 30% more houses sitting on the market. Which again, for buyers out there, that means you actually can negotiate. 'cause for a while, I know at least in our area, George, people were bidding to buy a house. Like they were one of 20 people sitting there being like, we, we all want this house. Who's gonna take the highest offer? And now there is, and You just gotta sit back and watch all these offers roll in.


And now you're like, well, someone maybe wanna look at our house for next, anybody wanna next Week? Yeah, that's right. Anyone wanna make an offer? So what what's happening is you list the house and then a month in you go, All Right, we gotta lower the price by $10,000. Yep. $20,000 until finally you have a buyer. And so it's, it I, they're saying it's too soon to call this a buyer's market and experts like hep caution that the national housing market is in fact increasingly local, which is a great reminder of, well, this happened in my town. Well, your town might be a real hot area where this is happening. And some towns may not be experiencing this at all. So it's hard to say across the board, it's a buyer's market, but realtor realtor com data, But again, yeah, they're, they're only rising, again, 1.3% where in past years it's been 4.3%.


So yeah, So realtor.com data showing that more sellers are making price cuts, which is a signal that we're heading towards a buyer's market. Yeah, there You go.


Well, if you are looking to buy or sell a home, make sure to check out one of our Ramsey Trusted pros because they can help you when it comes to buying and selling, because all of that's a really big deal. And there's a lot of clickbait headlines out there and confusing data. And so what, again, we're seeing though, it's interesting, the median home prices went up slightly last month to $430,000. That's the median price of a home. So right in the middle, smallest to largest in the list In America. That's right. So if you wanna know more about the housing market trends and to even get connected with an agent and some other free tools around real estate, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash markets. And we have tons of information there for you because again, buying and selling a home, it's, it's one of the largest purchases or sell that you make in your life. Yeah. And so making sure that you do that well with a lot of knowledge.


So speaking of homes, we're gonna Go to Nick in Champaign, Illinois. Hi Nick, Welcome to the show. Thank you so much for taking my call. Yes, absolutely. How can we help? So here's my situation and my question. I want to know if I should buy a house in Williamson County, Tennessee. The background is, I currently own a home that's worth about $500,000. I owe $90,000 still on it. I have $60,000 in the bank that I could put towards that if I wanted to. My salary is $292,000 a year. And that's all the debt that I have. So I'm currently on baby step number six. Number six. However, I'm wanting to get out of Illinois and move to a better state.


And I'm considering Williamson County where I've had a job offer as a physician, but in my wife and i's research, we found that these houses are extremely expensive. Many of them 950,000 to 1.1 million And I don't know what to do. Would that be a silly idea to take out a mortgage for 450 or $500,000 to move to a better location? Mm. Well, let's see, with the, George, you have this Yeah, I got the calculator pulled up. Yeah, so you've got a $500,000 home, you owe 90 on it. So you could roll all the proceeds into the new home, which would likely be, let's say after fees like 3 75. Is that fair? Yes Sir. And you also have 60,000 in bank, Plus you're 60, that's 4 35 down.


And let's say the home is 9 35, is that fair? Yes sir. That would give you a $500,000 mortgage on a 15 year fixed rate. With the current interest rate you're looking at about a $5,000 mortgage. Yes. And how much do you bring, how much do you bring home a month After taxes? Right now I bring home $14,000 a month. Would your income go up when you move or it'd be the same. It would stay about the same. I would make less. But with you guys having a better tax situation, it would be about a break even Or a lack of income tax. That's what's up in Tennessee. Yeah, well, I mean we are, and for the record, for everyone listening, we are in Williamson County, the Ramsey Solutions headquarters.


So we know this area well, and it's about a million dollars is the average home price right now, which is a lot. People think, well it's Tennessee, I'm sure they just got double wides over there. No, no, no. This is one of the wealthiest counties in the nation and we think we're worth that. So can you make this move, I mean, 14 grand. Let's see, the mortgage, I'm, I'm spitting out here is about 47 50. And so with our rule of 25% of take home, now, is that after tax but before other deductions like healthcare 401k, all of that? That, that is after all of that. I, I, after 401k, after insurance, everything. Okay. I get $14,000 a month. So this will help your numbers. So when we say after tax, a quarter of your take home pay, what we're really saying is just after tax, but before other deductions.


So put back in your 401k contribution, put back in the healthcare contribution. That should help your numbers. That would essentially make your take home your after tax income, probably more like 16,000. Okay. Yes sir. So then you take a quarter of that, well now we're looking at $4,000 mortgage. Yeah. And so, and the 25% rule, it's just a parameter, Nick. It's not like a, well, I'm at 26%, so RAMSEY said no, the idea here is you don't want too much of your income tied up in that mortgage to where you can't accomplish the rest of the baby steps. Yeah. But you're right there. I mean, you, you're, yeah, And I would say you're real close to making this happen. Yeah, I think you could. And especially if your income does go up over time and the next, you know, year, two years, three years, just a natural raise, then for sure it's gonna, it'll give you even more cushion.


But yeah, I mean if you're, you're looking, you're trying to hit around a $4,000 mortgage would be ideal for your situation, what would the mortgage be, did you say? About 4,700 bucks. Okay. Yeah. So you're, and that's on a 15 year fixed rate, which is gonna put you in a really strong position. And so if I was your financial coach, I'd say let's start home shopping probably in the $900,000 range and continue saving. How urgent or imminent is this move? Well, it has to be done pretty soon. I've got four kids, which we're funding their college and I want them to, if we move, I want to do it by school year. Oh yeah. So August-ish. Okay. I love it. Yeah, I think you're good Nick. Yeah. Around a $900,000. So I house is go is fine.


So If I just, just, just to clarify guys, if my mortgage was around $4,000 or So, you guys think that that's financially responsible still? Yes, A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Okay. Our thank you so much. I really appreciate your expertise. Oh Absolutely Nick. And if you wanna reach out to a great real estate pro, you can do that at Ramsey Solutions dot com. For the folks that we trust and good luck on the home search, I think right now is actually, like we just talked about, Nick, it's a good time to buy because you could probably get a deal, quote unquote where if the listing is nine 50, if you offered nine 20, they'd probably take it right now. Right. And So you can actually do some great home shopping and, and that real estate pro will help you figure out the right strategy to make that offer.


Yeah, and I'm really confident in these numbers Nick, because we say it a lot around here, but it's just true. Like our formula to buy a home, it's on the very conservative end on how most people, most people would be comfortable with 35% of their, you know, 35 And that's on a 30 Year, four 40, yeah. 35, 40% of their take home pay going into their mortgage on a 30 year. So this is a 15 year at 25%. So it's pretty conservative and you're fitting right in those numbers. So yeah. So you guys will be good and hope you come to Williamson County, Nick party George And I will say hey to you. I love that. Come hang out at the Ramsey Solutions. I could use a primary care physician, Nick, if you're offering Oh That's right. That's perfect. Actually, we have some shortage of those. Ken Coleman doesn't have one either, George.


So we need one. We're both on The hunt. If you're wondering if you're staying on track with the baby steps as we talk about this whole plan here on the show with callers, you could take a quick quiz just to check your progress and receive a personalized plan that's just for you.


Just go click the show notes and click the link titled Are You On Track With the Baby Steps? You can do a quick quiz just to see where you are. All Right. Let's Go to Lane in Palm Beach, Florida. Hi Lane, Welcome to the show. Thank you for having me. How are y'all doing? We are doing great. How can we help? Okay. Complicated question. I've been basically living without a budget for my last, you know, my hold adult life. And I've had the ability to make it all happen just because I've worked like a crazy man. But the problem that I'm having now is I have four daughters and they don't wanna work like I do.


You know, they wanna enjoy their lives, they wanna have a little balance and they wanna know where their money is, you know, how it can work for 'em, what it can do. Okay. How can I help them? Okay. Are you, how old are your daughters? The oldest is 24 and the youngest is 15. Oh, okay. Are they coming to you for financial wisdom? They don't come to me for anything other than financial help. Ah, There we go. It's just Bank of Lane is what they're coming to you for. Yeah, those Girls, we can be expensive, you Know? Yes sir. Yeah. Okay. So they're not asking to be taught, they're just asking for a handout essentially, which is how I would be if I was a teenager too. Sure. Correct.


So how, how can I trick them and give them a little bit of help? Hmm. Do I have to watch 'em fail? No, I mean there's a lot of things you can do to get them excited about financial literacy. I think the best way is to listen to them. What are their goals? What are their dreams? And then alongside that, hey, what's the reality of what those goals and dreams are gonna cost? Well, let's figure out a plan to help them get there. Now they're excited about their own life instead of just Dad going back in my day, we worked 70 hours a week uphill both ways. You know, that's kind of what they hear when you're doling out financial advice. So instead be interested in their life and then find out what they're really after. Why do they want this money?


What are their money goals for the 15-year-old that might be just buying a car for the 24-year-old that's, hey, I gotta get an apartment of my own. And so they all have different stages of life they're in. Yeah. And I would try to hone in on that. Yeah. What's a 24-year-old doing Lane? Is she working? Or what is she doing? They're all, they're all working, which is, you know, that's great. Very good. Great. Yeah. You know, luckily they have good discipline like that. But the problem is, is you know, one moved up north So I had to basically help her move move. 'cause she didn't have the $4,000 to move. So I basically, you know, took a week off of work and helped her move. And you know, they've all received a car except the young one. She has not received a car. But unfortunately I think I kind of spoiled 'em, you know, I gave 'em each like a 25 to $30,000 car that was paid outright for them.


Yeah. Wow. Yeah. So I think I kind of screwed that up and Well, you didn't, it's fine. No, I would drop the shame, you're, you're an amazing dad. I think any girl would be lucky to have you as a dad. Yeah. And I think it's just even you raise great girls, yeah. Going in, especially to the older ones. Not as much maybe the 15-year-old, but the 24-year-old or so and just be like, I don't know, I have a conversation with her and just say, I'm so sorry. Like, I have realized now that I have not taught you guys anything when it comes to money and personal finance And I wanna be able to help you because knowledge is what's gonna take you the furthest in life. And I wanna be able to do that. Do you, do you have any ideas or any questions for me on how we can do that, you know, and kind of start that conversation with her and then even Lane, if you wanna give her, we can give you some stuff at the end of this call.


You know, some books if you think she would read or listen to like a audio book or a financial piece, university or EveryDollar, our budgeting app. You know, some tools to kind of start integrating in their lives and maybe as a gift from you to them, especially the older ones, you know, giving them some of that. 'cause sometimes Tulane, you know, we find with adult kids that having a third party speak into their life with money is easier. So like, maybe if she listens to The Ramsey Show or Smart Money Happy Hour, the other podcast, Rachel's like the cool older sister on Smart Money, Happy Hour, they go, wow, I wanna be like Rachel one day. Well Rachel budgets there. Yeah. So maybe I should try that out. But you know, having, having, I have tried that, I have tried that. I've tried that, that technique.


Okay. It worked for once. But the other one, you know, when I purchased her a car, you know, and three years later she wants a new car. And I'm going like, well let's think about this. You know, there's, there's better ways, you know, you're buying a depreciating asset, why don't you think about saving for when you guys wanna purchase a house? Because they've seen me, you know, purchase houses and they, they've seen me, you know, work to get to that point. And I've even told them, I've like, principal reduction is your friend, you know, compound interest is your enemy. You know, it's like, try not to have the credit cards, but yet I'm the one that rings 10,000 a month on credit cards, even though I pay 'em. You know, it's like, I'm not listening to what you guys are saying either.


It's Right. So you're not living it out either, right? Is what you're saying? No, I'm not living yet. Hence you wanting to start budgeting. Yeah. Because I mean, you, you basically said you've out earned your stupidity for your entire adult life and you've just been able to work really hard and go, well, I'll be able to make all the bills. But you're wanting to be financially responsible, not just for your daughters because we know more is caught than taught, but for your own financial future. Yes sir. Yes sir. Problem. What if you Guys problem, how are they, how many are living with you? Just one. You know, they've all moved out on their own. Okay. Which is, I mean, that's, that's all I could hope. So the youngest one you have the most influence on right now because they're under your roof. The other ones, how often do you see them? Is it a phone call here, a FaceTime there?


A holiday? Two. Two. Were three were local, but now one moved up to Maryland, so. Okay. It's, and plus I don't think that they respect what I did. They just thought that that was my job And I was supposed to do it. Yeah. Well, I mean, a job as a parent is to take care of them at the extent that you took care of them was a very nice extent. So you want them to be grateful to be like, oh my gosh, I got you like a took Two good care of them. Yeah, That's right. Yeah. So, and Now like, I need a new car. Mine's bad now, it's like an iPhone. So, you know, I it's been three years. Yeah. And I think for the older ones lane, there's, you know, a lot of having to learn just in the, in the real world, right? If they're not choosing to make right decisions right now, you can't force that.


You can't control that, especially with the older ones that are out of the house. And so again, I think a conversation is totally doable of just saying, here's what you're seeing. You're trying to create better habits in your own life, but it's hard. And, you know, telling them, yeah, I get it. It is hard because, you know, lane, you're even struggling with it, right? We all do to a, to an extent like it, you know, this money stuff, it's not always easy, but I do think for them, they're gonna have to start to learn from their mistakes. You asked that at the very beginning of the call and now that I know kinda the situation where yeah, there may be a case where they do learn and that's hard and you don't, as a parent, you don't wanna see your kids suffer or struggle, but sometimes it's one of the best gifts.


And if they can do that at 24 versus 44 when you finally let go or something, right? Like that's a, that's good, that's A great thing. That's where you leading with humility is, is the key here. It's not you saying, Hey, I wanna teach you guys some things 'cause I've done it All Right? It's you saying, Hey, I've screwed up And I tried to give you guys a good life. Here's where I went wrong. I would love for you guys to avoid those mistakes so that you can leapfrog me and get to this point way ahead of me. What if we got a plan to do that? And maybe that's you guys reading a book together, an audio book, a family zoom call. I don't know what the vibe of your family is. Figure out what works for you. Maybe you incentivize it and say, Hey, I'm gonna give you guys a hundred bucks if, if you read Rachel's book, but she's 20, but she's 24. They're grown adults. Yeah. So this is not like a, a cutesy thing.


You have to be like a friend now versus Yes, the Parent. That's what I'm saying is I'm like, I think you have the conversation, but then I think the adults have to be adults too, right? I mean, there's a lot of people that listen to this show and their parents were horrible with money and never taught them about money, but they've had to figure it out too, right? So sometimes That's the best motivation is to do the opposite of what your parents did. Yeah. And clearly you're, you're, I mean, you've done really well, lane, you're not this like just basket case of financial ruin where they're like, oh my gosh, my dad was terrible with money. He was able to buy us cars and help us fund moves in college and all kinds of things. So I don't think that's as bad as you think, but I do think your approach needs to change to a friend versus a chaperone. Okay.


And because I've never budgeted myself because I get paid. So it's a very odd thing. I'm, I work as a, you know, electrical, electrical contractor. I get paid maybe five times a year, but you know, they're big jobs, So I never know when the money's coming in. So I have to have basically a year, you know, and, and You need kind of a peaks and valleys fund to where you set aside the money knowing you need that to cover the next three months, Correct? Yes. Correct. And we're, we're gonna gift to you EveryDollar Premium as our gift so that we can actually walk with you in the budgeting. And I'll also send you my book, breaking Free from Broke. I have a whole chapter called Budgeting is Freedom, where I walk with you through it, give you my best tips. I think those things paired together will help you get on the plan and maybe your girls will be inspired and go, oh my gosh, look at Dad.


Yeah, look at 'em. Yeah. And Lane, just know that budgeting, it takes about three months to get it right. So give yourself some grace, get through the summer, try budgeting through the summer. Don't give up if the first budget doesn't work, but hold the line. Kelly will pick up and we'll get that gift to you. Go call every coach over, Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free, and I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you.


So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right, by the way, go on now, don't make it weird situation, okay? I I, I got nowhere to go, So you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.