
Coming to you live. this is The Ramsey Show, thrilled that you are with us. We are here to help you win in your life, win with your money, win in your work, and win in your relationships. Phone number to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. It's your show. We're here to help you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman, I'll be steering the ship today and my co-pilot, the co-Captain I guess co shipt if you wanna call it a captain. Well, we'll do whatever. I'll be starboard. He is George Campbell. I don't think that works, but we're gonna go with it. You got your bomber jacket on today? I think it's gonna be a hot show, Ken, you think so? I don't wanna, I don't wanna speak it into existence, but all it might be. So let's talk about what we're here to do.


We kind of give 'em the intro, but you're the money guru and I'll call myself the work guru, right? And so, and they often go hand in hand. They do. And those are our specific areas of expertise. But obviously there's a lot of relationship issues at George around money. But I am in the chair today, so if you've got some, Hey, I wanna make more income, I wanna get to the baby steps faster. Maybe today's the day you dial, dial us up and we'll coach you in that area. If you're winning with work, as David said, your income is your greatest wealth building tool and I'm the guy to help you make more money in this whole money show. So that is who we are, what we're here to do today. I think you're ready to go. It's a good synopsis. So without further ado, let's go to the big Apple.


Anthony is joining us there to get us started. Anthony, how can we help? Are you with us? Hello Anthony? Hello. There We go. All right. You're live my friend. How can we help? Oh, Oh wow. Thank you so much. So I'll make it very brief. So my wife and I, we are 27. We have a household income of 38,000. Why? Because she makes 38,000 and I'm unemployed. Oh boy. I have a, yeah, I have a bachelor. We have an eight month old son. I have a bachelor's in psychology, as does she. I also have a master's in human computer interaction. But in 2024, it just feels like this job market is impossible. I've been applying for jobs for months and I've had no luck. I, you know, I tweak my resume to cater to each job specifically and still nothing.


So my question is, what can I do? Because we do have a lot of student loan debt, close to six figures, and student loan debt and we gotta take care of that. Yeah, Yeah. Okay. So let's talk about the short term and, and then, then we will answer that direct question. But while you are working to get the job in a specific field, I would, I would be working something, anything, two jobs. What would you say are your skills? Well, no, hold on, hold on, hold, hold. You're jumping ahead of me, George. I'm just confused by the human computer thing. Threw me off. We'll get that. That's UX UI design, essentially what that is. I got spooked. Yeah. So what, what I want you to be doing in this meantime, and I'm about ready to give you some advice on how we go get this job, but you need to be working while you're trying to get a job.


Does that make sense? Yes. And I'm trying to do that too. Like, for example, I would do Uber. No, no, you're not, you're not trying, you, you, you, you're telling me you can't go work, you can't work delivery driving. You can't work in a big box store. You can't just go get what we would call an hourly wage job that doesn't require any kind of experience or really honestly any skill. But could you be making 15, 18, 20, 22, 20 $5 an hour? Anthony, you can do that while we're trying to get into our professional field. True or false? Well, yes, but I've been trying to apply for those jobs as well and they're rejecting me from them as well. Maybe they think I'm overqualified.


Well, how could you be overqualified? You don't even have a job. You're straight outta school. I have a master. And I was a teacher for three years and I was also a store manager at Walgreens for three years. Okay, so gimme an example of an hourly job that you've tried to get and they, and they're not giving it to you. Gimme a couple examples. I, I applied for, you know, Domino's as a delivery driver. Rejected the same day I applied for a manager at McDonald's. Rejected the same day I applied for, you know, help at Walmart. Rejected within like a couple of days. I have other jobs that I've applied to that'll say under consideration, but no luck. And same thing with, I've tried doing Uber as well and there's a new law that passed in New York City where they gave a set wage.


And because of this set wage, it's literally impossible to sign into the app. Okay. Like, I can't even log. Are you, I hate to ask this question, but it feels like I have to, are, are you doing something weird or awkward or acting in some way or just a basic hourly job which requires a pulse that you're not getting these jobs. What's going on in your mind? Or is this a mystery to you? I mean, I do have autism. Maybe that's part of it. Okay. How does the autism affect you in interacting? I Don't, I don't feel like it affects me, but maybe others think I'm weird. Have these all been in person interviews? 'cause you're saying I submit a resume and they reject me.


I mean, I have had impression interviews before, but they just never go. Like I've had interviews in like within the last month or two and I've just never got the job. So. Okay. And throughout your history Connections these days. Yeah. Well, let me, I wanna do, I wanna dive in on the autism thing throughout your, your work history. 'cause you have been employed before. I mean, how, how do, how does it affect you? What do people say about it? Does it cause issues or is it minor? 'cause I you present as, it's a very minor thing, but I don't wanna I don't want to to to assume that. So what's really going on there? I couldn't tell you. You're telling me no one's ever, no one's ever told you, Hey, you're, you come across this way if they know you're autistic, they don't tell you what it, how it presents My wife does because she's also, you know, she's a therapist.


Okay, then how does it present? How does it present I guess? I, I honestly don't even know honestly. Like, okay, Anthony. Anthony, listen to me. Anthony, listen. Yeah, you just got done telling me that your wife tells you how it comes across. And so when I ask you to tell me what she says, you tell me you don't know, She'll just say that. Well, her sister's actually autistic as well. So she says that on a scale of one, she doesn't gimme specific answers, but she'll say on a scale of one to 10, I'm apparently I'm a nine. That's what she says specifically. Okay. I don't know what that means, but Yeah, there's our problem. Okay. In all honesty, okay, I'm gonna move forward here. But in all honesty, you need to sit down with your wife and say, What does a nine mean, and and specifically what are my social challenges?


You have to know how you're presenting because you can overcome that. And so let's move forward here. What, what, what if I could snap my fingers if George and I could just give you something today, what is that field? What is the job, the career path? Is it the, the technology and the design in that realm? Is that what you would love to have? Well, I mean I would like to be a UX researcher for now, but I'm also three years away from finishing my PhD in artificial intelligence. so I don't know if I would transition into that later on, but, Okay, so that's what we, we wanna go tech, correct. Right. Alright. And so we've got the bachelor's and we've got the masters. Here's the thing, you have gotta stop playing the resume lottery where you're just filling out resumes.


I'm gonna give you a book. It's a bestselling book Number, one bestselling book I wrote called the Proximity Principle. Anthony, this is huge, okay? this is all about personal connection. And so you've got to know how your autism is presenting to people and if in fact it throws them off. And if it does, how do we overcome that? How do we plan for that? How do we take the elephant outta the room and go, Hey, I'm a high functioning autistic person. 'cause you are George, doesn't he present that way to you? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. So Anthony, this is all about personal connections. We've got to talk with people who are in the industry. We've gotta meet with people that are in the industry.


We've gotta repeat that and repeat that and repeat that because you've got the qualification, certainly for entry level. But I'm gonna tell you, I think this starts with your wife who's a therapist, helping you see maybe what challenges that you are having to overcome in all these interviews. Self-awareness is the prescription that I'm writing for you here. Anthony, hang on the line, we'll get you the proximity principle. Keep your chin up. But listen, you are differently abled and you're gonna have to start to own that, step into that. And you can provide so much 'cause you are really, really talented. Thanks for the call. We'll be right back. this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. As a new dad, I see a lot of things in a new light. The cost of diapers, the value of sleep, And how crucial it is to have a will. Because if something happens to me, I don't want my family stressing about the details. And that's why I recommend making a will With MamaBear Legal Forms a will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want. Instead of a random probate judge deciding who gets your fine China or precious moments collection. Looking at you Aunt Shirley. If you think you're too busy or don't have enough time, no excuses here. I completed my will in just 20 minutes with their easy online process. Plus, if something comes up, you can make changes to your will for free for up to six months until you are completely satisfied. And listen, there's a lot of online will companies out there, but what's great about Mama Bear is that there's no membership, no subscription, no upselling. The price is the price. And if you love a good deal like me, go to MamaBear Legal Forms dot com right now and save 20% with promo code Ramsey. That's MamaBear Legal Forms dot com promo code Ramsey,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We're thrilled to have you with us. We're here to help you win in your life. George Campbell is my co-host. I'm Ken Coleman. George will take lead on the money questions and and I'll be helping you out on any kind of work related questions. We want to help you make more money. We want you to have meaning and purpose in your work. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the number. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Alright, George, we got a lot of new people coming into the program all the time and winning with your money. It it, it can't happen without the budgeting element. That's why we believe so much. And EveryDollar tell people what it is and why they need it. Well, With any goal you kind of have this lofty thing out there.


I want to get outta debt, I wanna build wealth, I wanna save for the vacation. But the daily habit you need to do to get there is the budget. Just like with working out, you're gonna have to actually work out regularly. I can't just say I wanna lose weight. And the budget helps you accomplish that. And, we created a great tool called EveryDollar. It's totally free. You can go to the app store or Google Play and download it. And what it does, it just gives you a game plan for your money instead of wondering where it all went. You go, I know exactly where it's going. 'cause I pre-decided ahead of time. Yeah. And so every before the month begins, you gotta make your EveryDollar budget to plan your spending, track the expenses and save for what matters most and keeping a pulse on it. That's what allows you to actually focus and win. So go download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play today.


Alright, good stuff. Let's get back to the phones. We're gonna go to Canada, Calgary is where we are. Gerald is there. Gerald, how can we help today? Hi, thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I've been listening. Yeah, I've been listening to the show for about a year and I just had a question regarding a, a large financial purchase that I made about a year ago. Okay. A little bit of background. My wife and I were going through a really difficult time in our marriage at the time, which kind of I guess culminated in me having a I guess in your mental breakdown. There was some, just some I guess some emotional from years, years ago that kind of came to light.


And I was, I was in a pretty bad, bad place. We've been married for about 22 years and went out and bought a $300,000 boat. So I'm just, wow. We're, yeah, we're in a, we're in a better, we're where we've gone through and been in therapy and we're, our marriage is, is healing and we're, we're doing good there, but great. Now that I'm kind of a little more in my right mind, I'm just wondering if I should continue on with that. It, it is something that my family and I enjoy together. And just wondering kind of, I'm assuming Gerald, that you financed it? No, I paid cash for it. Oh, you paid cash. Wow. Wow. What's your household income?


Household income? I'm a power engineer. I make about 200,000 and then we have about 40 to 45,000 a year in lease land revenue. You're a big saver I guess huh? Yeah, yeah. We've always, we've, we've put most of our retirement money into farmland. Like we, we farmed, we've kind of sold the cows and, and rented out all land now, but Right. My point is you save for a long time to be able to, to buy a boat in the tune of $300,000 cash. So you're just a disciplined person by nature. Yes. Yes. So the savings was intentional. The the purchase was impulsive. Yep. Yeah.


You weren't planning to just blow 300 grand on a boat. What's The boat worth right now if you were to sell it? Probably about three 30. Talking to the dealer where it came from, It'd appreciate It. Yeah, I could probably, I could probably get around, I could probably get around three 20 to three 30. I put about 15 into it. So It appre So you put some, you put some improvements in it that allowed it to appreciate. Yeah. Wow. Do you guys have any debt? We don't. No. No mortgage, nothing. No. So which way were you leaning? You called us for our advice. Which way were you leaning? What are you wrestling with on this? Well, I, I go back and forth, you know, I I guess the, the biggest thing for me is I feel guilty having a toy.


We're 300,000. I like our, from a financial perspective, I don't like, we've got about 150,000 in cash right now and our, our land is worth about 2.5 million. Wow. And what's your retirement, what's your total retirement cash that you've got? Well, that would be the 150 Oh okay. Thousand that I've got in in ETFs and then we've got a $20,000 emergency fund. So You're worth how much total? About about 2.8 on the conservative side. What's your house worth? It's, it's a rural piece of property. So 160 acres, like, it's probably worth about 600,000. Okay.


Five, 500,000. Yeah. Somewhere in there. And that's paid for as well? Yes. Oh my gosh. Well, first of all, let's just, I don't know George, that he should be feeling guilt over this. I mean, you've done very well. You're right that this toy is a gigantic part of your world. And as far as our parameters go, you know, we say that everything with wheels, motors should add up to no more than half of your annual income. So you are way above an outside of that parameter. And for that reason, it might be a good idea to sell. But you've, you've done well, you've paid cash, you don't have debt. this is not on fire. Right. But I feel like the fact that you're calling in tells me you're like, we should probably downgrade and boat. Yeah. Could you do that? Could you sell it and buy a more reasonable boat For the, like, for the purpose?


I mean, it is a, it is a big boat. Like it's for ocean fishing. So we like, we, we, my, my two daughters and my wife and I can stay on there for, you know, three, four days at a time quite easily. So it'd be tough to get a boat that would serve that same purpose for, for less the, But could you do that once a year and rent it and then downgrade to your normal kind of day to day boat? Oh. And that's kind of the, the thing I'm thinking of, like we can Sure go on a, you know, a charter is about 2000 a day. You know, you could go on a lot of charters. Yeah. That's what I would do. I I guess The, You could do five charters a year for the next 30 years. So what do you wrestle with? 'cause it feels like we gave you the answer you were looking for and now you're arguing with yourself.


Yeah. Am I right? I'm wrestling with Yeah, you're right. The the thing I'm wrestling with is I've always been very, very driven. Like, I'm very, if I'm not producing, I'm, I feel like I'm, I'm failing. So, okay. And I think it goes back to even, you know, just my childhood. Sure. Work, work and hard work was the, was kind of the measure of success. And I, I wanna I guess I wanna be different with my, with my girls. I wanna, I, I've got two grown kids and I, I see that in them already. The drivenness and How does this tie boat, how does this tie into the boat? Well, Well with, with this boat, I'm gonna take two weeks off work and we've gotta head to the coast for two weeks and shut her down and just relax.


And So you're thinking if you keep the boat, it forces you to not be so driven. this is your counter argument to yourself. Yeah. Okay. I'm going back to George, George said you could rent, you could, you could, you could charter and do the same relaxation still forces you to relax. Right. You're not making a very compelling case against yourself If, if I'm sitting here as the judge Yeah. It's not a, he's the Largest, It's not a wise financial decision because you could sell for 300,000 and you could charter five times a year for 30 years doing that. That's what I would do. So that's what I'm telling you right now. Well, I'd invest a big chunk of that, George, what if he does, If you sell for three, you bought a $50,000 boat instead that gives you $250,000 profit, right?


Yeah. Yeah. But it's not, if, if You invested that it would double every seven years. Yeah. That's if you got a 10% rate of return. So what I'm saying is, hey, 14 years from now, we could have a million dollars on our hands or we could own a boat that's now worth $75,000 And Well, that's exactly the thing that's killing me. I I figured that out too. And It, that's, this boat isn't a $300,000 boat. It's a a million plus dollar boat in three years. Right, exactly. An opportunity cost. Gerald, listen, Just, just charter it. You're so good at saving. Like sell this thing, take a just a teeny bit of that Cash George and plan out your next couple charters and just prove to yourself that you can have just as much fun with the family, but have a whole lot more cash.


this is a no brainer. George and I are telling you to sell it. And you guys have a flat tire on the investing side. I love that you have this land that's amazing. But I think it's wise to be diversified and you have have done nothing as far as retirement planning. You're great savers, but if you channel that into investing, your money's gonna have compound growth working for you instead of an asset that's going down in value. We, since we sold the farm, look we are, we do put 3,500 a month like this last I, guess Last year and a half. We do, we do budget with EveryDollar. Like we're, we're putting 3,500 a month into Retirement. Amazing. Good. But here's the deal. We're telling you to pour some gas on the fire by selling this big old boat. You've got a false narrative that if I sell the boat, I can't continue to have all these great experiences and memories with the family.


And George proved that wrong. Captain George. The old saying, Ken, the best two days of a boater's life, the day they buy the boat and the day they sell the boat Dull. So you're saying, here we go. The best day of Gerald's life is hopefully right around the, it's Right around the corner. $300,000 payday. I'll take it. Oh, That's great. I'll teach George some maritime terms on the break and we'll be right back. this is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I'm always railing against social media, especially in the summer because everyone uploads the highlight reels of their perfect bodies and their perfect vacations and their perfect kids. And I know they're not real. And I know that I'm blessed beyond my wildest dreams, but I still find myself wishing my life was like other people's. And based on the data, I know this is happening to you too. Comparison is wired into us, but comparison can also become the thief of joy because we can feel like we're not enough and begin acting and thinking in ways we would never do otherwise. And when it all gets to be too much, it's time to contact BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. And by the way, therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for all of us who are ready to get out of the comparison spin cycle and find our own peace and joy in the life we're creating. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp hlp.com/delony


The Ramsey Show continues to help you win with your money, win in your work, and win in your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel joins me and we're here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I wanna point out George, on this lovely Friday, we have a fantastic group of audience members out in the visiting out there in the lobby. Look at that. All over the country. Yeah. Handsome, handsome folks out there and smiling and from all around the country they're waving at us. so I wanna point out, we love when people come by and watch the show. People don't know. I tell, I run into people in this, they go, oh my gosh.


I go, well right down the street. Come see us. Yeah. Franklin, Tennessee just south of Nashville. We're live one to 4:00 PM Central time. Yeah. Yeah. Come see the show And let us know you're coming. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and somewhere on there you can tell us you're coming. But by the way, we give you free coffee, Free baked goods, Beverages of all You a mug. The Ramsey Show mug. Come commemorate for free. You get a free mug. One per family. You're kidding me. I I need to be the one to break It to you. I gotta get myself my own free mug. I use mine all the the time all. Are I qualified for That? I would say so. Alright, great. I'll make sure you get one after the show. Alright. I need to get a free mug. It's A good pit stop as well for those on long road trips. Stretch the legs. Yeah. And. we come out and say hi, take picture, sign books, the whole nine yards.


And George does stupid human tricks every once in a while. I occasionally do balloon animals. Okay, Good. Currently working on a water buffalo. The kids love That. Not as easy as it looks. I'll bet those horns have gotta be tricky. Alright, let's get back to the phones. Garrett's joining us in Salt Lake City, Utah. Garrett, how can we help? Hey, thanks for taking my call today. Sure. I have a question regarding speaking to my current employer regarding being paid or not for participating in a business development program for the business. You broke up and you're participating in a business. What A business development program for a family business. An opportunity at hand, and I'll expand on that a little bit.


I recently graduated from my university in entrepreneurship and business management fully funded by my parents. so I have no debt there. I got married a month after I graduated. She has one year left of school fully paid for as well. We both have our own cars fully paid off, so we have no debt outside of, we just have our normal expenses such as ol. And we've definitely seen God's hand in both marriage and school and now work where a month before I graduated, I made the right call to the right person at the right time. A distant family member who has his own company specializing in low voltage wiring.


And he is, he's run it for 27 years and is looking for an exit. And that's where I come in where I'm actually in the line for succession to take over for him in about a year, year and a half from now. Okay. And in that he's run the company for about 27 years but hasn't done too much to develop it. He's not so much a businessman but is more skilled in the technical area and it's just done what he can to run it. And there's definitely a lot of opportunity in developing the business. And that's where with my schooling, there's a program, it's a master's program that is a business accelerator with professionals in the area. And we've been blessed by being accepted into this program.


However, upon discussion with it about it, with the owner of the company, he is opted, he's open to funding the program and see the value of it. However, during this time that I would be in the program, I would likely would not be paid to be doing this development for the business. And this is three full days a week. And with the money I'd make on Mondays and Fridays doing work in the field for the company over the nine months of being in the program, it wouldn't quite be enough to cover our basic expenses. Okay. So you've called us, my wife and I.


Okay. You've called us for what reason then? Now that we've got the background Yeah. To figure out how I should approach the owner of the company in discussing possible pay for it. Who's Your uncle? So he is, he's not my uncle. He's a more distant family member. Oh, okay. He's the owner of the company. Yeah. But he's a family member and he's Agreed. Yeah, he's a family member. He's agreed to fund the program but not pay me while being in the program. No, I get it. Even though It's, I get it developing It. Are you hourly or salary? Hourly right now. Okay. Well that's part of the context right there. And that's part of the natural rub is, is first of all, he's old school, as you said.


He's not really thinking this from a a, a traditional kind of CEO mindset. He's just, he's the owner operator. Right. And he's going, great, I'll pay for you to go get this additional training, but I'm not gonna pay you when you're in school. I'm paying for the school. I think that's a pretty fair deal, don't you? Yeah. And I absolutely see it that way. What's interesting about the Oh, no, hold on a second. Hold on a second. Hold on, hold on. Yeah, because I don't wanna to get too much into a rabbit trail here. The bottom line is you called us saying, George, I want you to weigh in here, but you're asking us how can I convince my distant family member who's the owner of this company to pay me my hourly wage Okay.


While I am in a class that he's paying for. Right. And so the question I have is, when you brought it up to him, how'd the conversation go? Was there an actual conversation? Did you have any potential counterpoints or was it just, Hey, would you do this? And he said, no, that's what I want to know today. What, what happened in the conversation when you brought this idea up? Yeah, so I brought up the discussion about the program given it's a business accelerator. No, No, no, no, no, no. Not the program. Have you brought up to him, did you, the way you're saying this is that you brought up that you want him to pay you your hourly rate while you're taking the classes.


Did that conversation actually happen? We had a discussion recently where he shared his opinion on it. And that's where he discussed it with me is what he saw regarding it. And he said, And he said that he would rather that I sacrifice being paid or he would rather that I sacrifice not being paid during that time that I am developing those aspects of the business rather than, because it's not directly increasing profits to company. Yeah. For those direct actions. Okay. That's all I wanted to know. I just wanted to know his true state of mind, how open he was to this, George.


So this is not gonna be a possibility. What is your other option here? Is you paying for the class on your own while getting paid your hourly wage? The other possibility would be to likely not take the program. And How much is the program? And continue as it's, it's 15,000. Okay. For both or for a full year of It. And, and I like where your head's at, George. 'cause lemme tell you where I'm at. All right George. I think that we're gonna talk about you, Garrett for just a second instead of talk to you in Front of your back. Not behind you. That's right. I, here's what I think he should do. He's supposed to be taking over within a year or so, or around a year.


I think he holds off on this course. He becomes CEO then he builds it into a natural expense of the organization and he can therefore at that time, make that decision, the company that becomes a viable expense for the company, saves him money, he loses no income. And we're only talking about 12 months. I just don't think this trade off makes, there's no urgency here. There's no urgency by the way. It's not feasible financially. It's not feasible for Garrett. What would you do, Garrett, to cover your expenses with no income? Have you thought about that? Yeah. And that's where the point of conflict was, where it's, he's open to paying for the program. But obviously if I were to do it, despite it being direct actions to, since the program is directly to build The company.


No, Garrett. Garrett, you're we're, we're, we're back On the I wouldn't have Garrett. Garrett, listen, we're on the same soundtrack. George is asking you point blank, we've got 45 seconds yes or no answer. Have you thought through how you would bills make the money that you are losing by doing the three days a week in classes? We know the, the, the distant family members paying for the course. Have you thought about how you could make the money outside of the classes? Have you thought about it? Yeah. And that's, I likely wouldn't be able to if I took the course. There you go. So That gives my answer. So this is not a feasible option. Yeah. Wait, Let's wait, let's wait. By the way, you're still gonna get the knowledge and the company's gonna pay for it. Oh by the way, if you're the CEO, it becomes a line item expense in the old EveryDollar company budget.


Right? Go George. There we go. Yeah, I like this plan. Alright Garrett, thanks for the call. We told you what to do. Will he do it George? That's the Question we don't Know. Only Garrett can answer. There You go. Don't move. We'll be right back. this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online. Making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work. If you become a victim. It's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, thrilled that you are with us America. We are here for you. We want you to win with your money, winning your work and winning your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman George. Kamel joins me. The phone number to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You know what time it is, don't you George? It's question of the Daytime. It's time for question of the day. It comes from Brady in, do you say Nevada or Nevada? I've heard it's Nevada. That's what I hear. That's what I'm going with. That's the correct answer. All right, tell us what Brady's asking. George. I'm planning to apply to dental school this year and I'm nervous about the total tuition of $500,000. I would be too. My parents said they will pay my way through school but will likely have to sell some commercial investments to do so.


Is it worth it to spend a lot of money on schooling If my parents are pushing me uhoh, that's a left field turn there with the parents pushing. Whoa. Right there. Right there in the last part of the question. Ah, I was all aboard until the parents are pushing. Yeah. What's your gut, George? I love the parent. If the parents are saying, Hey we can do this. We need to sell some commercial investments. It sounds like they're doing pretty well. So as long as they're not taking on debt and they're liquidating assets they already own And, it's not gonna, you know, derail their nest egg and financial plan. I think this is amazing that the parents are willing and able to pay for the tuition. I would also go, can we find it cheaper? Can we go to a more affordable dental school that also fits the bill.


But the part that worries me is The, the, my parents are pushing me. Yeah. Total flag. Is it worth to red a lot of money on schooling if my parents are, yeah, it's a red flag for me. Pushing is, I'm guessing this is not a typo. I, if it's not, I, I want to know what would he do? Does he actually want to be a dentist? That's where I'm going. If they were willing to put $500,000 into something else, is there anything And? what is above dentistry? I just don't want a guy drilling into my teeth because mommy wanted him to. Wow. You know what I mean? That's for sure. So that's a big part of this. The the pushing part. Yeah. But is it worth it to spend a lot of money on schooling? Well if you're paying cash and it's what you want to do with your career and you're able to do it, that's fine.


Yeah. Like we're not mad at famous. No. You know big name schools the want to, if you're paying cash, And It, you're doing it for the right reasons. I gotta imagine if you don't have passion for fixing people's teeth, it's gotta be the worst thing on the planet to do. I mean that's pretty rough. Yeah. Like I'm going, if you don't wanna pick up trash, but that's your job. You can hold your nose on that one Literally. But sticking your hand in people's mouths, talking to 'em a lot of intensity there. That's a tough business to wake up every day and go, I don't want do this. You know? Yeah. There's some my, some narly looking teeth out there.


Here's, here's what will likely happen if he's not actually passionate about this. He gets halfway through, burns out, drops out. Parents are still on the hook for the half million. Yeah. And now there's resentment. I don't the relationship I'm saying run. So that's the part of, you know what he should do? He should take the get clear career assessment. It would pretty quickly in about 20 minutes give him a great report that says yay or nay on that job. So there you go. But I can't give it to him 'cause he emailed in. Call us up Brady. Go if, if you get the chance. Alright, back to the phones. We go, we're gonna stay here in Nashville and I'm told Jelly is on the line. Jelly. Hey Ken. Hey George. How we going today? Well, we're having a blast. What's going on? Can I just ask, is this a given name?


I'm very curious. My name is Joseph actually, but everybody calls me Joey. Okay. That helps me out. I kind of, well now I gotta ask, how did you come about getting the name Jelly? If you're Joseph. Is it, is it radio appropriate? Family friendly. Oh, I mean that's just what my mom and dad decided they wanted to call me so that that's what it is. Oh, so is a youngster around the house instead of yelling Joseph or Jo, they just called you Jelly. Yep, that's it. Wow. Love it. Yeah. I'm gonna avoid the obvious for retort hearing. Just get right to the question. Okay. How can we help? How can we help? So I have a question regarding baby step four, I have a loss 401k at work that has about $215,000 in it.


My company matches a half a percent up to 6%. So I'm contributing 15%. Now I was wondering do I need to back that down to the 6% just to, to max out my match and open up a Roth IRA outside of work? Or do I just need to keep doing what I'm doing since I already have that amount of money in there and that's just gonna keep compounding instead of going out and opening it up, something's starting from zero. Well the starting from zero part doesn't matter. Mathematically you're gonna have the same, if you had the same rates of return, the money's going to increase at the same levels no matter what the account is. If it started from zero, if you add a thousand to something that had zero or a thousand to something that had 215, that thousand is going to appreciate at the same rate.


Does that make sense? Yes it does. So you said this is a, a Roth 401k? Yes Sir. Okay, so you're contributing all 15% to the Roth side. And, what is your household income or what's your gross income Roughly 140,000. That's amazing. So you likely are going to max out that Roth? No, you, you'll get close. Alright. This year's 23,000 is the limit. You'll get to 21,000 by doing the, you know, at 140,000 income. So if I'm your in your shoes and I'll tell you Jelly, this is something I've done at Ramsey myself. I put all 15% into that Roth 401k.


The reason we tell people to invest up to the match and then go to a Roth IRA and then come back is if it's a traditional 401k And the key you're looking for is tax advantages. So match beats, Roth beats traditional, the match is free money. Right? That's a hundred percent rate of return. Take that next step. We have all of our Roth options. That would be the Roth IRA, then we go to traditional. But because you have a Roth option with your 401k, you can just keep it simple and do all 15% there. If you go up, let's say your income goes up and you haven't hit 15% and you've maxed out the 401k, you can look into what's known as a backdoor Roth IRA, which is when you fund a traditional IRA with non-deductible money and then you convert it to a Roth.


And that is a very legal loophole. Yes sir. Does that help? That helps. We helped at least one person today. There you go. Well that's your jam record show. That's your jam to help the jellies of the world. Oh gosh. You're good. You see, I couldn't resist that. I've been thinking the entire call, what was I gonna say? Couldn't work in peanut butter. What I wanted to ask was was your last name roll. Oh well played Jelly Roll. Very famous Nashville country artist by The way. One of the greatest little Debbie snacks of all time. I believe they were jelly rolls. Fantastic. That's just what, what we pour people packed in our lunch. Wow. Yeah. It's a Throwback. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. A little Debbie. I believe it's a little Debbie snack. People can fact check me later.


Let's go to Bozeman, Montana. Michael is joining us. Michael, how can we help? Hi, thank you for taking my call. You Bet. What's up? I'm, I'm new to the Ramsey system and And It kind of dove in the head first and I appreciate a, a system that's simple enough that, you know, is still idiot proof after 30 years of the world, they'll, they'll be better idiots. We're glad to have you aboard. so I. Yeah, so I'm reaching the stage where I'm looking at investing and I've heard Dave speak before about avoiding bank related brokerages and based off of, you know what I've heard from like Clark Howard and other figures, it seems like good advice in the long term but there is, there is not a smart investor pro within, you know, 150 miles of me.


'cause there's like two in the state of Montana. so I was want, my question is, is it okay to stay with US Bank for the brokerage simply because I, I really appreciate having somewhere I can literally log into an office and have that face-to-face. 'cause I grew up in town where, That's an interesting question. Hometown Bank. That's, that's a good question, George. What do say or if I could go to, Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that. I would, here's the thing. When you look into these other, the big three, you know, Vanguard, fidelity, Schwab, what you'll find is they, they're gonna have lower fees than probably a bank brokerage does. And the other thing about bank brokerages, they're gonna try to sell you all kinds of debt products. That's how they're, they're gonna be making their money. And so that's the one thing to watch out for.


Watch out for expense ratios, watch out for the products they're trying to put you into, especially when it comes to insurance products. And so I would just tread with caution. There's nothing you know, evil about it and, but you've gotta be paying attention and you have to be making the decisions. Don't just let them put it on cruise control and say, we got it Michael, don't worry about it. So if you look into all of that and it's everything checks out. They're putting you in, you know, Ramsey approved investments and assets and the expense ratios are low, they're not trying to mess with you and and market crappy products to you then go for it. Quick Follow up on that George, on his behalf and for others. this is the first time I've ever heard that particular question where, you know, there aren't a bunch of smart investor pros in a close in a rural area vicinity.


Couldn't he still though? They still do remote. That's what I'm saying. You don't need to Meet The person. I wouldn't let that limit you. I get the comfort factor of driving in but it can be done. No, absolutely. You can work with somebody. I do Zoom calls with my smart investor pro and he's local. I'm just too lazy to leave the house. There you go. Alright, very good. Good answer George as always. Alright, it's gonna do it for the first hour. We'll be back before you know it. this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey folks, Dave here and I know some of you listening to the show waiting for a call that answers your specific question. Maybe you need help with budgeting or investing or saving your emergency fund. But wouldn't it be great if you could get the answers you need right when you need them? Well I got great news for you 'cause you can, when you download the Ramsey Network app, you get our advanced AI search that lets you easily find the calls that matter to you. You can also browse by topic to find answers for the exact things you need help with. That means you don't have to simply hope the next call will be the one you've been waiting for because the Ramsey Network app lets you have control. And with over 7,000 hours of life-changing content, the Ramsey Network app is the best place to find the answers you are listening for. to get access to personalized content for free, just search Ramsey Network in the app store today.


This is The Ramsey Show America, thrilled to have you with us. this is where we help you win in your life. What does that mean, that means winning in your money, winning in your work, winning in your relationships, all three of those areas really are intertwined And. we want to help you get that stuff untangled so that you are living the life that you dream of. The American dream is alive and well despite what you may hear or see on the various platforms. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is with me. One of my good good friends who we just happen to get to do this amazing show together. So fun. You know I don't wanna take that for granted buddy. You and I have got a very similar path. We've known each other for a long time. Over a before decade before we were in this role.


Yeah. And now we sit here. Would you have guessed 10, 12 years ago we'd be sitting here today. I would've been flabbergasted. I know you told me. And by the way, can I just say on air? Happy 10th Rams of anniversary. Oh And, we got to celebrate you in a recent staff meeting with the whole Ramsey team. But that's right. That was fun to see you get honored up there. Thank You. 10 years goes fast when you're having fun. A decade here at Ramsey changing lives. There you go. There you go. Triple eight, eight two five five two two five ish. The phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. George and I fashion ourselves is the really fun group. The fun. The fun tandem. So we're gonna have some fun and give you some practical advice. We'll see How that and Ken loves first part goes. Ken, what's that? And Ken loves fashion. Yeah I do. As do you Mr. Bomber jacket.


It's an easy go-to you know. There you go. How many of those do you have by The way? Too many and not enough. There You go. Alright, let's go to Greg in St. Louis, Missouri. Greg, how can we help? Yes sir. Hey, it's a pleasure talking to you Ken and George. I've listened to you guys for several years and appreciate getting a chance to hear some wisdom and opinions from you. All right. George will give you the wisdom. I'll give you the opinion. You both got both. All right. And I've got a, some property I'm wanting to set up in a trust for my children and grandchildren and I'm kind of new at everything. I have seen a lawyer and got another appointment to see one. And basically I want to set it up in a trust and well I just wanna set it up in a trust and protect it.


I guess you could say. So that I'm sure that they'll get this inheritance. But I wanted to do that. I got about 120 acres and I want to put it in the will and trust to be when it was sold to be dispersed that way. And prior to that I'm hoping to maybe sell part of it and invest that in some, I don't know what I was gonna get your guys' opinion CDs. And also I wanted to purchase a home in Florida with some of the balance. So what I'm looking at is about 60 acres at 10,000 and then I'm gonna keep 60 acres and my home and not sure what I'll do with it from there.


So I got a question here for George. Weighs in. Yes sir. Why? Why are you considering the trust as opposed to just in your will or, or whatever the situation there? Why? Why the trust idea? Well I really don't know Ken. All the different nuances about everything. Okay. I just know that I have nothing set up right now and I gotta say my marriage is, you know, I don't wanna say not that great and I'm not sure where that's all gonna go. So I'm kind of just trying to get some stuff lined out to keep things in check. Did you have all of this acreage before the marriage? Yes sir, I did. I actually about five years prior to that.


Okay. And she knows about it. Knows about what the The acreage? Yes. The land. Yes. We, we, wow, we lived, we lived, we lived here on it for about the last 40 something years. Okay. That makes the difference 'cause you guys own property and live on the property and so this might be considered a marital asset. Well, hold on George. Just the only thing is we really, we've lived separate for about the last, since oh eight oh and yikes. Other than some, some back and forth, you know, between the two residences. It's just been a, a big mess. Never anticipated my family or myself would be in such a messed up dysfunctional deal, but I am.


Yeah, so I Trying to get, so you guys are not to get, you guys are only married by actual law. You guys have not been married for some time? Some time. Well I will say she did file for a divorce about three years ago and that got, I did not agree to it. Wanted to reconcile. We reconciled partly. And you know, I've been hearing and feeling some of the bad stuff coming back from then. So You reconciled to the point that you still live separately since 2008? Well, the divorce was just three years ago when, Well Greg, what, what are you hanging on at this point? Yeah, you guys haven't lived together in 16 Years. I don't know I guess because we've been married.


You haven't been, yeah, Well we haven't been. Dick Van Dyke and Mary Tyler Moore slept in separate beds. You guys are in different houses. I mean this is, yeah, this is not normal. No sir. It's not, I, I'd say she classified it as a modern, I don't know, modern marriage. But it's not anything I've really been been for none of it. So this is where I'm at and short of a divorce and a complete whatever happens, I don't know. But I did wanna try to structure something to protect. So it sounds like, so it sounds like I'm gonna read between the lines here a little bit. Yeah. Sounds like you're not sure if you're gonna do the divorce or not. In my opinion. You guys are divorced emotionally.


this is an absolute, And I don't know what, you know, train Wreck, But the state of Missouri, I feel like the judges will decide is bare assets when you haven't lived together for 16 years, But it feels like you're trying to keep her, keep this land from going to her. That's what it feels like. Well That is, that is true. Because that's been seeming like one of her main driving factors. You know, she's not on the title and I don't know exactly till I find some more out about it, but you know, she's stated in the past she wasn't really worried about the kids. She's wanting to do some different things with the money and like you said, I don't believes believe she's really too interested in being married. Well, I'll tell you this, great, Newsflash, your instincts are right.


Yes. Yeah. And a divorce is gonna turn a marriage into a business transaction. And so your best bet now is trying to do this all as amicably as possible and try to protect your assets. I think you're doing the right thing to protect your legacy and your financial world. And again, I'm not the qualified person to talk to for this. I'd be working with an estate planning attorney, a you know, a lawyer who's is specifically in entrusts to figure all of this out and decide what is the right thing based on your state laws and your situation. To that end, Greg, I I think you need to get two or three opinions. I'd meet with a minimum of two lawyers. I think three feels better Because This is a you, you're gonna get some differing opinions.


You want to come away from the three meetings with where all three lawyers on the same page. That's where you get the knowledge base to go, what is it that I want to do? You don't want them telling you what to do. George, do you agree with that? Absolutely. I, I think that's at just a bare minimum. Let's get three, maybe four opinions on what options are you need to, To assemble a team at this point. Greg, you need one. You need a financial advisor and you can get connected with a smart ster pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com. You need a good estate attorney, you need a good trust lawyer and probably a good insurance broker as well. And that's gonna help you navigate whatever's next. But I would please, I'm begging you just take the next step. You're living in limbo for decades. Yes sir. With A pseudo relationship.


We kind of acknowledge that even though, I don't know, we've got five kids. It's just a big messed up deal for sure. I don't know what to conclude out of it, I'm pretty well 66, so it's not like I'm really looking forward to any of it. But I guess I need to, Well, you gotta move on to the next chapter. You got a li a lot of life to live, Greg. And this ain't It, been slogging through the mud for a long time because we don't want to deal with the inevitable. So now's the time. You're not getting any younger, you make a clear decision about what's we're gonna do going forward and live with it. Thanks for the calls. Feel so bad for you. But there there's some clarity on the other side of all this. this is The, Ramsey, Show.


There aren't many places you can save hundreds of dollars a month and still give you great service, especially with health insurance. That's why Health Trust Financial is the only health insurance company Ramsey recommends Health. Trust. Financial objectively compares the top health insurance providers to meet your needs and budget. And remember, the service is free and there's no commitment. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com. Health Trust Financial dot com.


How are you doing out there, America? Are you winning with your money? Are you winning in your work? Are you winning in your relationships? If not, this is the place for you. Safe place. We're gonna help you out. We're gonna give you some hope with some practical advice. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell joins you, the sour in his bomber jacket. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I just wanna point out that those are great, but when they go out, you're in trouble. I'm fine. I You're Gonna have a whole closet you're gonna have to carry. Here's the thing, we're always being told Gen Z decided skinny jeans are out and no show Socks are out. and frankly, I'm sick of it. Oh, okay. Why are we taking advice from them about fashion? Have, This is the thing they, it's a thing that, that the no show socks.


No show socks are out. You see your kids probably wear the tall white socks. Oh, I've seen that. The tall white Nike socks. Apparently you have to flip 'em inside out. Oh, I'm tired of it, Ken, to be, I'm getting, I Don't like that at all. Cur. I don't Like that curmudgeonly. I'll tell you what I'd go for, since I'm a child of the eighties. I'd go for the tube socks with the stripes. If those come back. Oh yeah, I'm in. I'll rock those. Mid, mid shin. My hope is eventually whatever I'm wearing comes back in style at some point. Well, there you go. I'm too lazy to switch out a wardrobe every year. 'cause some 18-year-old decided it wasn't cool. Well, Good for you. George. Bomber jackets will be in forever. I'm rising above the trends. Okay. Tony is on the line in Washington, DC Tony, how can we help today?


Hi. So my question is, I finally decided to follow the baby steps the right way and decided to sell my rental property. so I put it on the market and I got no offers except an investor, like a really low offer. And then no one even viewed the home. So my question is, do I take, it's not really a loss because I, I owe 91,000 on the home and it's worth like three 14 now. So how much do I lower the price? I lowered it. 15,000 and still no hits. And the offer that I got that was from an investor, it was like a hundred thousand dollars below.


What, when you say you lowered it, are you working with a pro real estate agent on this? Yes. Okay. And, what is their take on why this hasn't sold and the strategy around lowering the price? So she said that because of the market, the interest rates, she said that right when I listed it, the Federal Reserve or something went up again on the rates. Those buyers are nervous. And then my home is in, it's not rural, but it's, it's growing. So it's a demand area off and on. Okay, but what about the pricing? So it's not like in the Mix.


Did she think your pricing was correct? Yes. She said it was correct. And It was Compared to And how long has it been on the market? About 30 days. Oh, for heaven's sake. You gotta be patient. Yeah. We're seeing things that depending on your area, it could be 60 to 90 days. Yeah. So sit tight. so I don't know that I fully trust this real estate agent. If I'm in your shoes, I'm gonna connect with a Ramsey Trusted real estate agent. You can do that at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash slash agent. And I would get a second opinion and see what they think about all of this and go, Hey, here's, here's how we staged it, here's how we listed it. Here's the strategy. What do you think? Yeah. And part of it may, they may look at it and go, yeah, you gotta be patient. The days on market for your zip code is X, y, z.


And so, but I would, I wouldn't just sit on this and keep lowering the price. Okay. Yeah. So at any point, so if I, without any views, without any offers, at what point do you like how much of a, it's not a loss because of how much equity I have, but should I lower it to get rid of it? To pay my debt or No, Like I, we just told you. You are, you are. Listen, sit tight on this. I wouldn't even start ringing my hands about price. If you do what George says, and I think you need to go to to, to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. And I think you need to interview two or three and see what they would do if it were their listing.


Okay. They're trying to, these are gonna Business. I don't have the, I don't have the cash flow to continue to have it sit for long periods of time. Ah, so you're No minute. So you've got some desperation Because you're burning through, you're paying the mortgage, the property taxes, the homeowner's insurance. Did you have this rented at some point? Yes. It's been rented for about seven years. And, what happened? It's, how long has it been vacant? About two months now. How long can you float this thing? I can do about one more month. 'cause I paid the mortgage for about three now. All Right. And did you say you dropped the price already on it? Yes. You dropped it 15,000.


I Dropped it by 15,000. Yes. Yeah, I, here's the, here's the challenge. Tony. George, I, I don't know what you think, and we're not the actual real estate pros, but we got 'em. But Tony, you, your first response to us going to talk to our pros. I can't sit on this very long. Go talk to some pros that we're telling you to talk to and see if you tell 'em I am extremely motivated, and you tell them why they understand and they're gonna give you the best strategy. So you still need to go talk to 'em. And that's not gonna take you very long. Okay? We're not talking like burning sunlight on that deal. But, but back to this. Again, I don't know if, if, if these pros are gonna agree with you on this, but my gut says that lowering the price by 15 more doesn't necessarily move the timeline up.


When, when you've got a a, the, the, the situation we have in America today, people are just taking longer. Yeah. You need more info about why this property is undesirable and why it's been sitting. And if this is normal in your area, And, what can be done to remedy? this is a curb appeal. Do we need to make a renovation? Do we need to take it off the market for a while? I don't know, but we need more Info. All right, George, I want to get, so I wanna get George's opinion. Tony on something else. George, I'm gonna go back into the call. All right. So Tony, you said that you had an investor offer you a low offer. What is the listing price as it sits today? It's 300,000 right now. And this investor offered you 200 for it?


I don't remember, but I know it was like $85,000 less than what I originally Okay. How long ago was that? About three weeks ago. Did you counter? No. Okay. George, I, if she gets desperate, I'm just, I wanna know what you think here, and I know you don't know what the real estate pros are gonna say, but I'm bringing this to you. If she's in, she's in tough situation and she does have equity. I wonder if she doesn't go back. I'm asking you on her behalf, does she go back to that investor and go, okay, you offered me this 85 less, I'll tell you what, I'll do a deal if you come up to this and maybe she, My guess is they offer counter probably around two 30 then.


And maybe you say, Hey, I would do it, would my, my lowest I'll go is two 70, something like that. And work with your agent on this. Don't do this all solo and come up with a strategy to where you still win. You're not leaving at a huge loss. And, but you do need to have some patience. So you like That I I would at least counter all, I would at least negotiate with the investor. Yeah. My guess is they go, no thanks, I'm trying to get a crazy bargain, you know, basement bargain deal here. And that's okay. But you never know un unless you try. But she's gotta know her limit. You gotta know the limit. You're willing. What Do you think is her limit knowing her debt? What do you think if you were her? That's what I'm trying to do is give her, 'cause I don't want her to be desperate. What'd you pay for it? I paid 1 25 in two 2014.


Okay, so this is appreciated. You've, well you're not really losing here. You're not really selling at a loss. You've already gained, you know, equity. The house is appreciated. That's What I'm wondering. What's your bottom dollar if you're here? Oh boy. If I'm her she listed at three 14. That's the going rate. I probably wouldn't personally take less than two 90. Okay. And But, but she's struggling. She's gonna have to go make some more money. She's gonna have to do Well you get a new renter in there for another six month lease. There you go. And see what the market does. You know, you With us Tony on this. I mean these are your options. Yeah. Here's the deal though. I know you're feeling the pressure and the reason I brought George into these what ifs is I think it helps to have all these options on the table so that you realize you're not without option.


When the moment you start feeling like you're in a corner is when you do something dumb. And that's where the agent, if you get with one of these Ramsey Trusted pros, they're gonna be pulling comps in the area. They're gonna be pulling all the data. 'cause I like to make a data driven decision, not just emotion, not because I'm sick of it, because it's been sitting. I wanna know all the facts and that's what I'm asking you to go do. Yeah. Thanks for the call Tony. Yeah, George. That's a, again, so here's the crux of this situation is that she's in so much debt and the cashflow and the situation, and this is what we see happen all the time. You give advice unless all the time people think, oh, I'm gonna get into real estate, They get starry-eyed over some, you know, roit it up, limp Bizkit looking dude on Instagram who told them everyone should buy real estate. And then we're in a bind and we're losing money on these deals.


We're stressed out. It's not the rosy picture that was painted for us on social. And that's why we teach the baby steps. Yeah, go slow. Pay cash for investment property. I don't care if it takes you five or 10 years instead of one. Yeah, it's the right way. That's great Because this is a great point, George. She actually has an equity and still stressed out of her mind. Can get rid of it fast enough. Not worth the stress. Oh my goodness. Alright folks, we're gonna get the lint roller out on George's bomber jacket and get ready for the next segment. You don't wanna miss it. Callers are still lined up. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. this is The Ramsey Show.


You know, it doesn't take a degree in statistics to realize this one stinks. 93% of undergraduate private student loans are co-signed. So when you're delinquent and drowning, mom or Papa or Uncle Joe is stuck in that financial stress along with you. But there is a way out why Refi? Why Refi offers a custom refinancing option with a fixed rate loan based on your ability to pay. And the average interest rate why Refi offers is 3.9%, which can significantly reduce your monthly payment and decrease your total cost. Contact y refi at 8 4 4 2 Ramsey or go to y refi.com/ramsey. That's 8 4 4 2 Ramsey or the letter Y then REF y.com/ramsey. Why Refi is not licensed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation? Why Refi is not authorized by the New York State Department of Financial Services to service any New York loans funding may not be available in all states.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, where we help people win in their life, win with their money, win in their work, and win with their relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. George. Kamel joins me. The phone number to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. George, have you vacated this year? I just came back, you know what for the fourth went to Florida C my wife's family. All right, so that Was the fourth. Oh, on the panhandle. It's, It was a trip. Can I just be honest? It was a trip. It, it wasn't a vacation. I could use a vacation. Oh, Okay. Why was it just a trip? Well, when you bring a baby and you gotta have the pack and play and through airports to chaos, it just wasn't as relaxing as I would've liked.


All right. Do you So I could use some relaxation. Do you Like cruises, George? To be honest, have not been one. Never Been on A cruise. Not in my adult life. Well, I think you should join us on the live like no one else cruise. 'cause I'm told you're there. Is This an invite? Well, I'm told you're already on it just like I am. Dave Ramsey, Rachel, Cruz, Dr. John, Delony, Jade Warshaw, all the personalities, plus some special guests. It's back. It was a thing. And then Covid hit poor timing. And, we had to cancel it. Timing to launch the first ever Ramsey Cruise. First ever Ramsey Cruise before pandemic. And so now it's back March 22 through 29 of 2025. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise for all the details. But George, it's, it's, you know what, listen, I'm not a big cruise guy, all right.


I like my feet on the land. I like having options. But I'm told this thing is unbelievable. We sat in a meeting, I'm actually looking forward to it. Oh yeah, I got some family. Come with me. Are you bringing the wife and child? I'm going to try. You know, I don't wanna leave my wife on babysitting duty while I'm enjoying the Cruise. Well, you're playing shuffleboard with me. Exactly. Yeah. So we gotta figure the logistics out. But I am actually super pumped about this. Tell People about the locations. 'cause I'm gonna tell you something. When you get down to the, to the Caribbean, by the way, I was just in Barbados and I asked you were, I asked the locals, James, do you say Caribbean? Or Caribbean? And the locals say Caribbean. So therefore that's where I'm going. That's All that matters. You can say whatever you want.


Tomato, tomato. I'm going Caribbean. Not Caribbean. But tell people about these destinations. We're going To Turks and Caicos. Oh, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas. Incredible stops. There's gonna be fun excursions, Of course. Plenty of entertainment on the cruise ship. On top of all the personalities bringing content. We're Gonna, we're gonna be speaking Special guests. We've got many chohan from, you know, food Network, And, we have musicians, Stephen Curtis Chapman's, join us. Show Up your horses on the cruise. Shipt Know how that's gonna gonna work. Songwriters, right? It's gonna be a good time. Let tell you who this is for. this is for those who have followed the baby steps. They've become debt free. Yeah. And then looking for a way to celebrate with other Ramsey fans and the Ramsey team. So it's the ultimate debt free celebration.


I think we're gonna bust through the world record for largest debt free scream, which will be a good Time. Oh, that's right. So quick review. What are the dates? March 22 through 29. 2025. We don't have a ton of spots left. It is, it's already moving towards a quick sellout. So all you've gotta do is put a $600 deposit down, Lock in your spot That will lock in your spot. You do it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. Here's what's exciting. George has never cruised before and he has a propensity for wearing the bomber jackets. No bomber jackets allowed on that. And, but I'm picking out some really tasteful, preppy, Some matching trunks.


Boat attire. Yeah. Oh, I see. You see what I mean? Yeah. Like I gotta get a base tan first. I'm getting you some sperries, you know, getting you the right kinda shirts collar up maybe. I feel like you can pull that off. All right, I'll let Ken get the wardrobe. Yep. But if you guys have to join us to see it for Yourself. Yeah, it's gonna be great fun. Alright, to the phones we go. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Spencer joins us now in Raleigh, North Carolina. Spencer, how can we help? Hey guys, thanks so much for taking my call. I appreciate it. Sure. What's going on? Hey, I'm at a kind of crazy time of life. I had a, what I was hoping was gonna be a lifelong career. I loved it. I was one of the people that got up at 8:00 AM to go to work and was grateful.


Yeah. My wife would've to prime me away from the computer and was included in a pretty sizable company layoff in March of this year. And we're pretty responsible with our money, but it's taken a whole lot longer to find another job than, oh, I'm sorry. Either of us thought it would. Yeah. Just kind of the way it is right now. A lot of people are on LinkedIn talking about layoffs in the tech world. And, we trust God's sovereignty, but ultimately we're gonna have to find something. But in the meantime, I guess we're looking for wisdom, maybe out of the box. Creative solutions for how to stay afloat as long as possible in such a complicated time.


Are there maybe strategies that haven't come to mind for us yet? Or are there resources available that we don't know about to kind of be able to keep our heads up while we wait? Alright, well let's, let's do a couple things. George is the master at, you know, cutting expenses and getting creative that way. I want to bring him in, but I, let's get a couple of things first here. What was the income you were making? I was making 80,000 a year. Okay. And, what were you doing specifically in tech? I'm a software developer. Hmm. Okay. How long have you been doing it? Two, two and a half years. Okay. Are you doing anything right?


Well, well let me ask this. Did you have any kind of a severance at all? Yeah, it was a month. Okay. Of income I think. Alright. And are you doing anything for work right now? I mean, I don't even care if it's two part-time jobs, one part-time. Are you doing anything to bring income in? I am trying to build up my resume as much as possible through training and certifications. Personally Paid. Yeah, but that doesn't get you paid personally, I'm not doing a lot. Yeah. Okay. Right. So here's, My wife has two home businesses that have been helping a ton, but they're not gonna be a long term solution. Okay. So what's the deficit right now?


How do you have to make 80 to, to actually get by? Or what, what would allow you guys to actually get by? What's that number of income? Yeah, we, it 80 was 80 is above staying afloat, fortunately. So What are your months expenses? Like if you add up your food, utility, shelter, transportation, insurance, no. Luxuries. What is it gonna take to get by for one month? Average month? Probably 3000. Okay. So that becomes our baseline goal. That's right. If nothing else's, we've gotta come up with $3,000 to stay afloat. And let me jump in real quick, George, 'cause I'm gonna let let you take over here on the cutting. But listen to me, Spencer, you have got to go work.


Yeah, I It doesn't have to be in your field right now. Okay. That's right. But if you can be a laborer on a construction crew and make 18 to $20 an hour, that gets you pretty close to that $36,000 is what we're saying. Like, you go do 1, 2, 3 jobs so that you stay afloat like staying afloat. That's right. Is just as important as the next job. And I understand the tech field is contracting a little bit, but the good news is you're an experienced programmer and I'm gonna give you the, the proximity principle. It's a bestselling book. I want you to read it. If you prefer the audio book, we'll get that to you.


Christian will get it to you when we're done. And, and you've got to really use the formula there of the right people and the right places. If I keep showing up, then I am gonna get an opportunity. But George, let's walk him through where he cuts. Let's get really extreme here. Yeah. Is 3000, is that, is that everything you absolutely need or is there some things like eating out that we could cut? We currently, we don't eat out unless a day has just been really insane. We don't really have much of a work. Every Day is insane when you're unemployed. So we gotta figure out a way to meal plan half food ready in the fridge. Okay, so that one we can cut, right? What about subscriptions? Do you have any subscriptions that are excessive?


Anything that's not your basic internet. The 120 a year for Amazon Prime I think is the only quote subscription we have That one can go right now. 'cause we don't have money to be spending buying stuff on Amazon. So that can free up a little bit right there. And so you start to add these up. It may not sound like a lot at first and like, here's another example. Re insurance. Have you res shopped your insurance in a while for home and auto? I have not. I would jump onto Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. You can take that quiz, we'll connect you with some Ramsey Trusted insurance Pros. And a friend of mine just did this, saved 80 bucks a month with better coverage than they had. So that's something right there. You gotta get creative.


Find out ways to make more and spend less that's going to get you by. Yeah, It's tough but I, I mean work Is the Number. one thing we gotta focus on here, not get certification. We Get this call a lot, George, and it's just, you gotta go make some money. You don't just hustle in putting your resume out. You gotta hustle to bring some money in. You can get, Get the lawnmower out and just go down the neighborhood, knock on a door and say 20 bucks. I got your lawn. Alright, Coming up next, George. The very popular, I gotta tell you a segment where, where I'm running, where I usually f fme, not Fme, but Fme and I get a little frustrated at some money stuff. Well, today I'm fired up in a positive way. Oh, there's a way to fight inflation.


I'll share it next in the, I gotta tell you a segment. this is The Ramsey Show Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruisers selling fast. this is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Welcome back America. You have joined the conversation about you, specifically your life, your money, your work, your relationships here on The Ramsey Show.


I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell joins me and we're here for you this hour. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You know, it wasn't that long ago George, where we were in a programming meeting with James Childs, our fearless leader, the producer of The, Ramsey, Show And. we were talking about fun ways to talk about money stuff. And you know, I, we came up with this idea, this segment where I get a little irritated about things 'cause I, I get irritated about things. I know that doesn't surprise you. You're largely always irritated by something. Yeah. To be fair. And, and so, you know, we decided to go with it because this is something where George and I, we actually sit next to each other at Ramsey.


Solutions a little context for how this was born. Our little Cubicle desks, a Little cube desk. And so we sit there and sometimes I look at George and I go, I gotta tell You. And in my head I know what's about to come outta Ken's mouth is going to be entertaining. Yeah. So we've done a couple, I gotta tell you segments, you can search it up on the YouTube page where I get a little irritated at things about money and, and things that are going on. And you know, I've got, I got irritated about the no haggle that was very popular. We had, we you said we had to bring back the haggle. We need to bring back the haggle, you know, and then we talked about tips and, and all kinds of things. But today, George, I gotta tell you What's got your knickers in the twist, Ken? Well, I'm not mad today. Oh This is a good, I've gotta tell You, this is a good, I gotta tell you. Alright, because I, you know, look, I'm paying attention to inflation too.


And I got three teenagers. You know, my kids, well two of 'em are boys. They're strapping young men. Very. And they eat a lot. And I'm in that stage. You got the little daughter, she's just eating goldfish and thingy things like I we're talking packs and packs of bacon. And so we go to Costco a lot. I know it's one of your favorite places on the planet. I love to Buy in bulk. I'm on, by The way, this is, this is, no, this is no endorsement or advertiser for Costco. this is real life. I gotta tell you, We have no affiliation. Can I say I love all wholesale clubs Equally? So do I. So recently, George, I was with Stacey on a Saturday afternoon And. we were stocking back up. And when I say stocking up, I mean stocking Cart full hearts. Oh yeah. Can lose.


Yeah. So we're there in the line and you know the traditional Costco layout. You're there in the registered line and you're checking everything out. And I really usually am just a guy who's, I'm, I'm the pack mule, Stacy loads the cart up. I gotta push it out. And that's what I'm doing. I'm not paying attention. I'm usually on my phone for whatever reason. This particular Saturday I noticed a very long line of people that were impeding my progress out. so I started to get irritated As one does. And then I see that why is everybody in line? They're getting food. Now I know the food's there, but I've never paid attention to it. So today I wanna do a demo and I wanna bring in our lovely associate producer Kelly. She has been going above and beyond the call of duty for us today.


Look at, look at her. Bringing in the samples. Wow, George, I wanna prove that in today's inflation, The Vanna White of wholesale food course. She really is. That's what they've called her. We've Got ourselves a Costco hotdog. this is an actual dog from Costco. She drove down the road and got one So nice of her And a slice of pizza. I can smell it. Smell Good. Now here's the deal. I got my facts here. I'm looking at this and I'm looking at these line of people and I'm going, why is everybody in a line for a hot dog? And I'll tell you why, because you ready for this. We did our research. Kelly helped me out this famous hotdog and soda combo since 1985. You can get this quarter pound hotdog that I'm holding in my hands With a 20 ounce drink with a Drink for just a dollar 50.


George. That's incredible. That's the inflation buster. Yeah. And so Costco has decided this is a lifetime commitment to keep the hotdog at a buck 50. And you know how many hotdog they've sold, George, what would you take a guess? Millions somewhere in there. 200 million hot dogs. That's a lot of millions. And we're looking at 201, 200,000,001 right here. Wow. Well what's extra fun is that this food is a loss leader. Meaning Costco, you know, the rotisserie chicken in the back of the store for five bucks. They're losing money on this stuff, but they're gaining it because Ken had to walk into Costco and spend $300 to exit with a dollar 50 hot dog. I'm gonna tell you something, I've never had a Costco hot dog for real. No, but I have had the pizza. It's A rite of passage.


Get a whole pizza slice of pizza. It's unbelievable. It's an inflation. A slice of pizza we have here today is at 1 99. So it's only a 49 cent markup off of the hot dog. So here's my, I gotta tell you my, I gotta tell you is Costco, they're doing the right thing. They're not marking up this cheap food. They're trying to make it accessible to people. And by the way, this is a trend. Are you aware of this? What trend? Oh, not marketing our prices. We're, we're, well we're beginning to see some companies kind of go, you know what, we're gonna hold the line and we're not gonna just raise prices like everybody else. I saw the viral video. Are you talking about Arizona iced tea? I'm talking About Eric. Tell everybody you've seen this. So I drank these as a kid, as a young skateboarder.


We'd go into the seven 11, the gas station And, we had no money And. we would buy the, you know, 20 ounce can I think I'm gonna of Arizona iced tea. And Ken's now Trying the Costco pizza pepperoni. What do you think? You keep talking. Okay, so the Arizona iced tea can, on it, it says 99 cents. And what's amazing is that for decades, since 1992, that 22 ounce can has remained at 99 cents And. we actually have a viral clip from the Today Show where they interviewed the CEO about why the prices have remained that low. Can we play the clip? Why not increase the price and therefore increase the profit? We're successful, we're debt free. We own everything.


Why? Why have people who are having a hard time paying their rent have to pay more for our drink? Maybe it's my little way to give back. Would you definitively say that you'll never raise that net price Oh? no. Don't know. But never. Not in the foreseeable future. You know, we're gonna fight as hard as we can for consumers. I love that. I could use an Arizona ice team right now. You know what I'm what I'm saying? Yeah, you, you're arched that thing will, oh wait a second. Look at Kelly, the associate producer's back asking, did you really get this? Oh my goodness. Do we have, I have no idea. She's got the Arizona iced tea cans. Which one is that? I've got the Arnold Palmer. And you've got the green tea with honey. Feels like we should switch. Well no, you like green tea with honey? You're a fan. You feel like a green tea ginseng guy.


Which one do you want? Who is that? A type of guy. Look at you. I'm a ginseng guy. That's not a thing. I, I think with the bomber jacket, I'll drink the green tea. There we go. this is again, not an endorsement of Arizona, but just to show you guys, you got options. And again, this is not a, this is not a video about health. No. Okay, just let Ken enjoy some trash food for a second. All right. Now listen, big statement in that video. Did you catch it? He said, we're debt free, we can do what we want. We own everything. That's a really big deal. And there's a guy who's going, you know what, we're gonna, we're not gonna just stick it to the consumer. So good on Costco. By the way, other prices of Costco food court items.


Did you know an ice cream sundae is $2 and 49 cents? That's pretty impressive. Are you ice cream sundae people? How about a cinnamon churro? A dollar 49. I don't like the churros. Not a fan. No, they're not a fan of you. Yeah. Well there you go. And then a 20 ounce soda with all that sugar only you ready for this? 69 cents. Now let's just juxtapose that right there with the movie theater prices. Oh, oh my goodness. Have you been to the movie theater? I don't darken the doors of a movie theater anymore. You gotta get a student loan for a bucket of popcorn now. It's insane. It's unbelievable. Not if you're George Kamel. I went to a movie with George and the, the dude opens up his jacket when we're sitting down and there's a bag of popcorn, a kit to make an old fashioned with ice in a, a strip of like orange peel.


He, he knows how to do it. That's the power of the bomber jacket. Ken. That's bootlegging. You can't do that. That's illegal. Well, I'm outed. Now come find me the 17-year-old who works at the theater. Alright, have you guys seen the news? You are, we're starting to see a price war with fast food companies as well. Oh that's right. The whole $5 meal thing with Burger King and McDonald's. And so what do you think, you think that companies are starting to go, there's a chance to, to win market share by saving people money? I think people have made their choices when it comes to fast food and you have your favorites. I'm about ready to make a bad choice now. I ask Kelly to bring these as props and I had to try the pizza, Not eat the props. I always tell people I haven't Had a hot, hot, You're try a Costco hot tub for The first time. I have never had a Costco hot Dog.


Can I tell you that's a, That's a dog. That's about my body weight in hotdog. It's a Quarter pounder. That's serious. Alright, So you're probably gonna have to take us to break, But I will. Wow. this is pretty special getting to be part of this Ken. Hmm. Is it worth a dollar 50? Too big A bite. A dollar 50. There you go. So here's the, here's the lesson learned here. Yes, inflation's annoying. It's a pretty good dog. And yes, there's some great companies out there going, we're not gonna take the bait and just increase prices because inflation said so. And when you're debt free, you have options, especially if you're a business owner. And it's why we preach business owners run your business debt free, go slow and then you have options to be generous and to do what you want with that business.


So there we go. I just Had a really unflattering view of myself in the video as I Hot dog. I, I'm glad that America can't smell this con this room right now. And Whoof, Here's two Arizona, Costco and other companies that are saying, you know what, we're gonna drop prices or keep prices low for the Amen American people. Amen. That's right. We love you. Not a bad hotdog, but I'd stick with the pizza. this is the Ramsey. This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in.


I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is joining me this shower. He'll take the lead and help out on those money questions and I'll take your income and work related questions because all that goes together. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We go up to Canada, Vancouver, British Columbia is where Vanessa is joining us. Vanessa, how can we help? Hey guys, thanks for taking my call today. I've been listening to your show now for a couple months and I'm super grateful to have found it. I love it. So thank you for that. I'm a financial advisor and I've been doing that for about eight years now. so I help my clients with investments, but I also lend, so my question today is how do I make sure that I am can still be successful in my career but not make my clients feel like I'm selling them debt?


Because I believe in the process and I love the baby steps. So yeah, I just wanna make sure I'm morally keeping to myself and and having strong integrity as well as pursuing my career. Yeah. Well let's address the moral component to this. 'cause I think there's a pivot that's coming up and I think that's fine, but from a moral standpoint, you aren't in any way selling a product that is immoral or that is illegal, right? Right. Yeah. So this is a mental thing where you're gonna have, and by the way, we've had this call before, we've heard this many times, we totally get it. But you're gonna have to cut yourself a break on this and go, okay, I am now misaligned with my values and my work.


You know, my values and my work aren't matching up. But you're not doing anything wrong morally. Okay. And so now it is a real discovery process to actually answer the question that you asked us, which is, and I know George got some ideas, I got some ideas on how I can help people with their finances and help them win without selling them a product that puts them into debt. And just off the top of your head, just you know, free flow here, what are some things in the financial industry that you could get qualified for you could pivot to that you actually would be proud to sell to someone or to advise somebody within?


Yeah, well I do have my investment license so, and I love investments way more than I do lending. So there's definitely something there. I kind of put a stop to extra learning 'cause you need certain credentials to move forward just because I did recently have a baby so I kind of put that on the back burner. But yeah, I mean that's a good thought for sure. Maybe I should just look into an investment side of things because I know that can truly help people. Where Are you working right now? Is it a bank or is it an actual investment firm? It's a credit union. Okay. That was my next question. 'cause you could just work for, you know, an investment brokerage that just focuses on investments that don't also sell debt products.


Right. And that's something I would encourage you to look into. 'cause I understand at a bank, one of the big ways they make money is selling debt products. But that's not the entirety of the, you know, investment industry Of course. Yeah. Yeah. So that's an easy option to stay in your field of work, remove this piece that really bothers you. 'cause the bank is going, Hey Vanessa, you gotta hit the quota, we gotta sell these debt products, let's move these. And you're going, no, I don't wanna do that. So at some point there's gonna be a rub while you continue to work for the bank in this capacity. Yeah, no, that makes sense. Does that answer the question that you had for us? Yeah, no, for sure. I think I should definitely look at doing a, a pivot as you guys call it. Yeah. And maybe just transitioning from like a multi role of lending and investments into just one.


That's right. Just become an investment advisor for a, you know, firm or brokerage and you get to focus on the part that you love. So it's kind of a both and Yeah, And, and the reason I led, you know, Vanessa with the whole mindset issue here is just gonna give you a little bit more peace and patience to do what it takes to make the actual pivot. You know, when you're not feeling bad about yourself, then it's less likely for frustration to turn into desperation and where you make a quick move. So map this thing out, right? I know I love finance. I know I love the investment side. You've got some qualifications you still gotta get to. So there's four questions. I call these the four qualifying questions. I'm gonna give 'em to you really quick 'cause it'll help you actually put together a plan that will turn into a path that you walk from one to the other.


Okay, the first one is, what do I need to learn? So you've already talked about the qualifications that you put on hold, some of the certifications rather that you put on hold because a baby. So you know, look at everything else. Let's create a list. What do I need to learn? Okay. And then what do I need to do? So that's an education question. What do I need to do? Is there some experience that I'm gonna need to get? So does that mean I have to kind of come in at a lowest level? You gotta look into all this and understand what the path looks like. So what do I need to do from an experience standpoint to eventually get where I want to go? Third question is, what is all this gonna cost me financially? That's not just the cost of the certification, George. That's also the cost of if I've gotta kind of take a temporary step back, you know, that's cost.


And then finally, how long is all this gonna take? So it's what do I need to learn? What do I need to do? How much is it gonna cost? How long is it gonna take? Those four questions, I'm telling you folks, it's tried and true. It will get you the answers that you need. So now this change is informed, thus it's not as scary, it's just less emotion and it's more facts. Yeah, because there's, what's it gonna take when we have the unknowns around something like this, George, our brain does an unbelievable job of creating another narrative. So it's like, I don't know how, what I have to do, or I don't know how long it's gonna take or I don't know how much it's gonna cost. Well then your brain starts to fill it in spiral and it's usually with spiral.


Really bad news. Yeah. And fake news. so I found that those four questions in coaching a lot of people becomes a really great process to come up with the information we need to be able to move forward. So thanks for the call Vanessa. Let's go to Orlando, Florida where Joseph awaits. Joseph, how can we help? So I just retired from my job. I'm about 49 years old. It's funny you guys are just talking about a major company I just retired from after 30 years with them. Oh, okay. At Costco. Hey. Which it's pretty funny. And I, I retired with them about, about Last year, year and a half ago. Cool. Congrats. And It pretty well for myself. Put about, put about 20% my 401k for about literally 30 years of my wife.


I had zero debt whatsoever. My house is paid for, everything is good. so I kind of wanted to know and I have a couple hundred grand sitting there and I usually usually put it into CDs or whatnot. So to get, you know, I was getting 5.5% at 5.6 and I'm kind of living off of that. So I'm kind of prolonging touching the, the 401k, which is a couple million. so I wanted to know, is there a better place to put it in that that can yield something without any risk? Well, there's always gonna be a risk when it Comes to investments. So the, the question is what is the time horizon that you're looking at for this money? So you're saying you're, you're planning on kind of using this 300,000 as a bridge account to get you by until you can access the 401k?


Yes, but I also, with that I have zero debt. So my, if I told you $800 a month is what I live off of, that's pretty much what it is. Are you single? I also, yes. Okay. So you don't need much to live off of. You could just park this in a high yield savings account and keep it liquid. I don't like the idea of just playing with the CDs and locking up your money, put it in a high yield savings account for the short term. But for the long term, I would look into putting this money into a taxable brokerage account and you put that money into a good index fund and it's gonna do way better than 5.5% over the long term, over five plus years. But in the short term, if you need this money to live on, park enough in that high yield savings to get you by. But way to go. That's impressive.


Very impressive. Great. And maybe you Find an encore career as well. I like that. 49 years old. Lot Of like to live. Come on man. Do something you just totally love to do. Maybe try doing it for free for a little bit to make sure and then find a way to make some dough doing what you love. Love the call. Good stuff. We'll be right back. this is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey Trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey Trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions


dot com slash agent. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel joins me this hour. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Now George, I get it. I, you know, listen, I I get a a a bird's eye view a lot of times with Dave. Host you with Dave, and now you, and, and you know, when you get the money stuff, you, you've got your own style that that's true as you should. You're not Dave Ramsey, you're George Campbell. And I have a confession to make. What's That? I like when you talk nerdy To you. Yeah. Wow. Well that and, and just to everybody, but so I, I I do have a, a penchant for trying to get in the weeds.


Yeah. And get a little nerdy. Yeah, that's Fair. So, you know, it feels like we're in shock and awe land on social media and media. Everybody wants to talk dirty. We're talking dirty. I thought today we should do something. You do very well. And I wanna create a new segment. James has given me the green light. It's called talk nerdy to me. Wow. Okay. All right. So I'm gonna hit you with a topic here. You knew, you knew there was gonna be some talking points you didn't know it was gonna be called. Talk nerdy to me. Nobody Filled me in on that. I think this is about to take YouTube by storm. All right, we'll see about that. Alright, here's our topic. Are you ready? Yes. I need a drum roll. But our first talk, nerdy to me is what is equity? George? Oh, That's a good one.


A lot of people throw that word around And. It sounds kind of hoity-toity kind of a $10 word. We gotta crack staff. They gimme the good stuff. Well let me try to explain this like you're five. Well that's probably a good decision. There We go. So equity Ken, is the value of something you own minus any debt owed on it. Can you gimme an example? Well, Think about it this way. It's the amount of the asset that you truly own. So a home is the easiest example. Ah, There we go. You got a home worth $300,000, you have a hundred thousand left on the mortgage. So we're gonna subtract that. That's your debt. The liability, which leaves 200,000 in equity, There it is. That's the part that you Love, love when you talk nerdy.


So this applies to a home, a car, pretty much anything. And no matter how much or how little equity you have, you wanna make sure you keep it rather than borrowing from yourself. So the goal in my book is to have 100% equity. Right? Which means you own it outright. So when I paid off my house, I no longer had a mortgage. I no longer had debt or a liability attached to it. So it was 100% mine. So just think of equity as ownership. And you know, the other term that comes along with equity is the term underwater. We use that often when it comes to, oh, we hear That all the time. Hey, I'm underwater on my car. And people go, what? How did they get in water? No, this has nothing to do with, It's about negative equity, right? Am I paying attention? Yeah. So what you owe is greater than the piece that you own.


Oof. That would put you underwater. So if the car, you've got a a $20,000 loan on the car, the car is only worth 10, you're $10,000 underwater. And that is a very scary, scary place to be. And that's what happens when you know interest in fees pile up, the asset drops in value like a car does. And that's the one you you see most often is that scenario is the underwater car. So that is why we teach the baby steps of paying off the debt, staying debt free. It's the best way to build wealth because it frees up your income. And so Ken, when you do your net worth calculation, which is your assets minus liabilities, what you own minus what you owe the most beautiful part of living debt free is that you have nothing in the liabilities column.


Yeah. So nothing is detracting from your wealth, right? When you have a hundred percent equity of the things that you have, your car, your home, and it's the power of paying cash, power paying stuff off. And if you wanna learn more about this, you can learn more about equity at our blog at Ramsey Solutions dot com And. we will also put a link in the show notes. And again, George does it once more. You know, your grandmother never wanted you to talk dirty, but she's okay if you talk nerdy. These are, That's the that's the big difference. Yeah. You see the difference? It's the difference maker. So here's what I say to you, the masses. What would you like to hear George talk nerdy about? I like that. So maybe drop a link in the YouTube comments if you're watching Over there. Drop a comment. Email the show. I want George to talk. Nerdy. What's the concept?


The word you explained. What's the I like this man. this is wholesome for the whole family. I try to keep, keep it pg. That right there my friend that's G rated. All right. That's good stuff. So well done sir. We need more of that in today's world. More wholesome content. Yeah, more talking nerdy. There's Enough filth out there on the internet. I'm not gonna add to it. Yeah, good for you. Not on my watch. You Know, that's, you should have a T-shirt talk nerdy to me. I don't Know that I wanna wear that in public. It feels like you're asking for something you're not prepared for. Yeah, I try to be invisible. They look great under the bomber jacket. Thank you. Just saying. Do we have a tally on how many times I've said bomber jacket in today's show? We, our team can search. My guess is we're at 10. I feel Like I stole one right there.


So there you go. That's always great fun. Let's go to Jason in Sacramento, California. Jason, talk nerdy to us. I'll, I'll do my best. Tim George, I really, I really appreciate you taking my call. You bet. So I, I inherited a, a house from my mom who, who passed away. The house is fully paid off. The Zillow value is around 500,000. I, I'm active duty military. so I couldn't live there if I wanted to. And so in the meantime I'm interested in turning it into a rental. However it, it just needs significant amount of renovation. Probably around a hundred to $150,000. And so I'm kind of in between a rock and like a soft place right now I feel like.


But like just seeing is this maybe the time a HELOC loan would be okay or should I just try to sell it for much lower or I'm not really sure where, what's my best option here right now? Hmm. Well I'm not a fan of HELOCs for a whole lot of reasons. Number one, it's moving you backwards financially. Number two, it's gonna have a variable interest rate that can change with the market, which is scary, right? And, It puts that home at risk right now it's paid off. Very little risk involved. As soon as you add that heloc, something goes wrong, you default life changes and you can't pay back the 150. Well that's a huge problem. Yeah. And so I would recommend Number one. Either you keep it and you cashflow the renovations or you just clean it up to your best ability and sell it for what you can get for it.


And could you think you could get three 50 without doing 150 in renovations? Are you saying it would be worth 500 if you did the renovations? 500 If I did the renovation. So I'm thinking if I sold it now would maybe around 300 to three 50, maybe closer to 300 though Then I don't think it's worth the hassle. Yeah, I agree. I would, I would sell it and it's still a part of, you know, the legacy that your, your mom left for you and you can invest that 300,000 and that money could double every seven years based on the history of the stock market. And it's okay to not become a landlord long distance. I think it's actually wise to avoid that right now. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I mean that doesn't sound too inviting, but it just, you know, you hear a lot of ways to handle these kind of things and, and it's just kind of hard to sort of, you know, Oh yeah.


If you scroll social media for half a second, you're gonna hear a bunch of Dimwits telling you to go get four HELOCs on this thing and leverage it and go buy 17 more Airbnbs and put that in a whole life insurance policy and borrow against it. But you gotta ignore all these nonsense out there and do what's right for you. Yeah. And you've got, you've got enough going on right now being active duty, which thank you for your service. Yes. so I would appreciate add to that by trying to long distance project manage $150,000 renovation and then be a long distance landlord on top of that. And I, and I hate to just kind of pile on here for those that tell you to do this kind of a thing that we're saying not to do, but you know, you could say, well I think it's gonna be a hundred to 150, you get into this thing an older house like this and next thing you know it balloons by 50 to a hundred thousand dollars.


Now you're in a rock in a hard place because you, you're well beyond what you planned to borrow and now it's a real pain. I'd let somebody else if this thing's got some real value. Sounds like it's, it's a good house. Got some good bones. Is that fair? Yeah, definitely. Definitely. Yep. Then then I'd let somebody else come in with a vision for this and take what you can get for it. And to George's point, I think George's spot on here, that money's gonna be used for so much good. And you don't have any blood pressure issues having to deal with this thing. Absolutely. And Jason, I would jump on to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent and you can connect with a Ramsey Trusted Real Estate Pro who can help you list this to get the most out of it, even without the renovations.


I agree. I think they're gonna have a lot of great strategies and they know how to list it, market it, you know, stage it, all of that, even if it is a fixer upper. So that's gonna help you avoid, you know, quote, lose a ton of money on this even though it was a, a free asset to you from your mother. So that's what I would do if I was in your shoes. It's just too much hassle for this stage of life. Yeah. If you had 150 grand and you were excited about renovating this thing to live in or to rent, I would say go for it. Yeah. But that's not the current case. Yeah. If you had Chip and Joanna and this whole show and the crew, they always made that look so Easy. Oh yeah. But what you don't see is crews working 24 7 Oh yeah. And an unlimited budgets to make this all happen. Yeah.


For the big reveal. Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. I take the cash Jason. I agree with George on this one. Alright, don't move because we've got more of your calls. More of The, Ramsey, Show right around the


corner. Here at Ramsey, we talk a lot about building wealth and a big part of protecting your wealth is insurance. Having the right insurance is key to taking care of the things and people that are most important to you. When you work with our Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pros and partners, you'll have the peace of mind knowing you're not paying for gimmicks, you're only paying for what you need. Get connected with a Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


coverage. This is The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. George, we've had several calls today around real estate People trying to buy, people trying to sell homes, not selling 'cause they're working with a bad real estate agent. All kinds of calls We really have. It's been a real big theme today. so I think it's important that we just mention our Ramsey Trusted program is the only way to find an agent you can trust to keep you on track with what we teach. In other words, they're, they're, they're versed in what we believe about money, how we teach you to handle your money.


And so they're gonna guide you the right way through. What can be a disastrous process if you don't have somebody who's really, really knowledgeable in helping you. So What does it mean when we say Ramsey Trusted agent, it's the top agency or area who we trust because we've put 'em through a strong vetting process. And then you get to review their data, how they've done, you interview them, do you have chemistry with them? You get to decide if you use them or not. So Ramsey, Trusted agents, a lot of experience, a lot of wisdom, and a lot of them out there for you to choose from. They're gonna help you with pricing, marketing, making, choosing the right offer. You can find your Ramsey Trusted agent for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Alright, Phoenix, Arizona is where we're gonna go now. Josh is there. Josh, how can we help? Hey, I just wanna say first of all, thanks for taking my call. My question to you guys today is just kind of what order am I supposed to be paying off my debt? I've got two really big loans that are kind of the last two pieces aside from my mortgage payment and I'm just kind of wondering which way to attack 'em. Okay. Lay it out for us. What are the debts, And? what are the balances? So as of right now, we have paid off about $125,000 in debt in just over a year's time.


Wow. Most of that, yeah. Most of that went towards student loans. And, we have two paid off vehicles. What is remaining here is we have about a hundred thousand dollars in student loans. And then the other one besides the house is we have a solar payment, which we assumed when we bought our house, that's about $20,000. So I'm just kinda wondering here, should I keep my momentum, keep attacking the student loans that we have or should we switch our focus and pay off that solar? So that's just one less thing that we have to worry about every month. Well, my guess is, unless you consolidated, these student loans are not one giant $100,000 loan. Correct. Is it split up? Correct.


Yes. And her loans, unfortunately, my wife's loans, they cannot be consolidated just based off of the way that they're broken down. They're broken down into four individual categories. Okay, that's fine. Four individual. I wouldn't recommend consolidation to your case anyways. You guys paid off 125 in a year, you got 120 left, which tells me you're gonna be done in less than a year, right? Correct. Okay. So if you listed out all of the debts and you actually split 'em, 'cause you don't have a hundred thousand in student loans, you have a $10,000 loan here, a 12,000 loan here. So how many student loans are comprised in there? She has four loans that are remaining. Okay. Are they even, or are they all random numbers?


They're relatively, even the lowest one right now is about 19,000. And then they range anywhere from 20 up to, you know, in the low thirties split out. Okay. So if I'm in your shoes, what I'm gonna do is just list out my debt snowball, which means smallest to largest balance. So a student loan that's 19 would go first. That's the next one to attack, make minimum payments on the rest. And then my assumption is solar probably is the next one up, if not close. Okay. And so either way, if you did the math, the way you guys are attacking this with intensity, it's not gonna matter if you do the one that's 19 or 21st, but the debt snowball method psychologically causes people to actually finish and to actually stick with it. And that's the power of it.


Right. The key is you're not focused on interest rates trying to play this game and listing highest interest rate first and then falling off the wagon. 'cause you're trying to tackle a mountain up up front. Yes. So you guys are on the path. In one year you'll be debt free and you'll have paid off $250,000 of debt, which is extraordinary in two years. Yeah. What an accomplishment. Yeah. Josh, way to go. I mean, absolutely phenomenal effort over the Last year and, and this is gonna change your life forever. Let's go to Grace now in Boston, Massachusetts. George's old neck of the woods. Grace, how can we help? Hi, thank you guys so much for taking my call. How, are you guys doing? Oh, we're having a good time. George, how would you answer in Bostonian? Wicked sick.


I Love it. Show know what that means. She liked It. She liked it. Oh yeah. I love it. George. I'm starstruck by the way, but anyway, I just closed On. Wow. What am I? Chopped liver. Grace wiz. Sorry, Ken. No, no, I love you too, but I, I Watch it's a Boston thing. Wow. Thank you, grace. How can I love, can we help ignore Ken? How can we help? Yeah, It's just a joke sort of. I just closed on a condo in Norwood And Oh, right next to my hometown of Dedham. Wouldn't you know it? Oh, yay. I didn't know that. Wow. At, I work in West Bury, so it's great. Amazing. I feel like I should just take the rest of the segment off and let you two talk. Yeah. We're just gonna bro down about, I feel like A real third wheel all of a sudden.


Okay, so you, you bought a condo in Norwood. Yep. And continue. And I literally just closed on it today and I am having buyer's remorse because I really, really wanted a house and now I'm looking at a $257,000 debt that I will try to pay off as soon as possible. But like, I want a house and I like the, is so expensive that I grabbed the first thing. Like it's not the first thing I've been looking for three years, but I bought it and now I have it, but I'm having buyer. So Where's the regret? Because you said you really wanted to be a homeowner, now you're a homeowner and today as you close, you're going, oh boy, Because she got a condo.


Was it because of the condo? Yeah. You're saying I wanted a single family home. I would, I really wanted a multifamily because I wanna have the investment. So like long term, if this could work for me and the condo, be an investment where I rent it out and then I buy a house, but I'm having a hard time wrapping my head around how am I gonna pay this off and then save for a down payment in time before I'm like 40. How old are You? My, I'm 32. Okay, so you're 32. I don't know if there's any like Massachusetts state law that says you must have a be a real estate guru by 40, but I love your, you know, your excitement to do this at a young age, which is great. So how quickly can you pay off this $257,000 mortgage with your income?


Well, I, I'm really like looking to you. so I make, I'm averaging about one 40 per year in salary. Great. And I, and I have this I owe on the condo 2 57. So like how long do you think I would comfortably be able to pay it off? I love it. this is a great riddle and I'm gonna point you to a, an easy home payoff calculator at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. And this is exactly what I did when we paid off our house. I used that tool to find out how long is it gonna take? And then you can say, all right, what if I added an extra 300 bucks a month? What if I could shave enough money on my budget to put an extra 300? Well now it, it shaves three years off the payoff. Okay, what if it was 400?


What if, what if, what if? And now you know the gap of what it's gonna take to pay off that house in whatever time. So maybe you set a goal, I make 140 a year, I can throw 40 a year at the mortgage. That's the principle interest plus the extra payment. Right? Which means right in that puts you about six years. So by 38 you'll have a paid four condo that's now appreciated thanks to the Norwood, you know Right. Real estate market in Massachusetts. Right. And now you have no mortgage payment and you're probably making $200,000 at your pace right now with your income. Ooh, I hope so. So how quickly could we save up another few hundred thousand making 200,000 with no payments in the world Pretty fast, Right?


Yeah, you're right. And maybe the, you're right, you don't need to go big start small when it comes to real estate investing. But I'm telling you, make it a goal to pay cash with your investment property. It's gonna be so much more peaceful. Don't do it today and go buy a fourplex. And because guess what? Everyone else wants a fourplex. 'cause they also saw that Instagram video showing how great it is. But you also gotta be a landlord with, you know, your three other tenants and you're, they're right downstairs. They're knocking on your door every time there's a toilet leak. Do you recommend when I do have the money to buy it in cash, do you recommend buying a multi-family or just keep this condo, buy like a single family and rent this out. There's nothing wrong with it either way. But you just gotta know the pros and cons of going with that duplex, you know, multi-family versus a condo or a single family home.


The key is buy what you can afford in cash, And what you're comfortable with and that's in your area. 'cause you want to keep an eye on it. But I think you're gonna get there 32 years old. She's crushing it. She's got a mortgage payoff goal. Yeah, I think investment property is in your future. Just not in the next two. And that's Okay. I'm a a little surprise you didn't select single family is a little bit more desirable. I'm Curious about that. It's, but it's way more expensive. Right? Okay. So it's gonna take longer. Okay. I just wasn't clear 'cause I was a little surprised at that. I was like, yeah. Hmm, I'm go, I would go single family, but you're, you know, It ain't cheap in those neck of the woods. I mean, you're the star. So Sorry. Ken's a little miffed. I'm still just wounded Over. I'll give him a hug at the break. Alright. A quick hug and we'll be right back. this is The Ramsey Show.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, win with your work and win in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. I'm Ken Coleman. George. Kamel is alongside our scripture today comes from Job 17 verse nine. The righteous will hold to their ways and those with clean hands will grow stronger. Our quote of the day is from Mark Twain. Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest. George and I were talking during the break, just wanna call out that the word astonish. It's a fantastic word. You gotta bring it back. I'm gonna highly recommend at some time in your next week if you wanna score some points. You gotta be ready for this. You gotta pull it off. You can't be smiling and laugh, but George, I want you to.


So, so Just as a reaction, if someone says something, You gotta go I to demo it. I am astonished. Fantastic. That will do it. That'll get, that'll get their goat as they say. Yeah. Another one would, instead of saying awesome, the word that is so overused, it almost should be banished instead of saying that's awesome. You could say I'm astonished really set you apart. Thank you. I think that word doesn't get used enough Communication from Ken. I like that. Yeah. There you go. Ken's school of communication. But I Like you acting it out. I think it's a real great, You gotta be a little exasperated, a little, you know, theatrical about it. Let's go to Houston, Texas where I'm hoping Lee has got some power. Have you been reading about the power outages in the Houston area?


No. Oh man, Let's check In on Lee. Hurricane Barrell came through and took the power going Live to Houston. Had generator on my house. Lee got a generator Back. Not entirely around Houston, but yeah, we It's A real problem, isn't it? Asking? Yeah. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Really, really feel for you all down there. Hopefully. When do they think they're gonna get your power back? Well, by the 14th. Good gracious. That's, that's a lot of time Bring that out. Power. Speaking of astonishing. Yeah. this is one of the biggest cities in America. They can't get the power back on. Unbelievable. Oh my goodness. We're here for you. Glad you're safe. How can we help today? My question is, how do I really get my spouse on board here with the, with budgeting?


I'm 63 and she's 62. The both of us are retired and it's, it's, it's, she's not one for budgeting. She tells me that. She says, I don't like the budget. Okay. And I said, well honey, how, how are we going to get through this? So that's, that's my biggest question. How do I get her to buy in on this? We, we, we currently, like I said, we both retired 63 and 62. We've been married 37 years. House. We have a, a mortgage of $1,450 a month.


She retired and went out and bought her a new car. Not a new car, but a different vehicle With payments and With a note of $1,300. Oh A month. Gosh, A month. What Is she driving for the Next five years. So, yeah. What, what kind of car is this? I gotta know what kind of car is worth a $1,300 car payment Range Rover. Oh boy. Boy. Is this the nicest car she's ever had? Yes. But she's had nice cars as well. Okay. So now you guys are stressed about money 'cause money's tighter than ever. As you enter retirement with no working income, what is your monthly income?


Well, you know, No I, you know, I think I'm stressed about money. Okay. She's not, that's What, she's not stressed because she's not dealing with it. She's relegated it to you. Right. She said, Hey, you handle the money, but don't come telling me how to spend. Yeah. Because she told me when, when she retired she says, Hey, I'm gonna buy the card that I've always wanted. There You go. And you allowed that to happen. And. We can did it. You're complicit in this crime. Is he? Repeat, You're complicit. 'cause you allowed her to do this. I Don't know if he did or not. I don't think he's got any control. What did you say when she said, I'm gonna go buy a $90,000 car.


I'm complicit. Oh George, you were right. I was trying to get I lee I was fighting for you, man, but now I can't, I can't fight for you anymore. Oh boy. I'm throwing in the towel. Okay, so she doesn't want to get on a budget. She wants to live La Vita Broca over here in retirement. You're stressed out about it. She's not. Does she have any awareness that you guys are broke? 'cause clearly, if not, unless you have some nest egg, you're not telling me about how much money do you guys have? Well, I, I I, the breakdown is we've got 20, she, I get a, a social security check of 2300. She gets one to 2200. She has a pension of 5,000 a month. Okay. And, and, and all of that.


And then we got retirement accounts. 4 57 And. we got around, it's like 322,000 there. And Ira, I tell you what, when she doesn't ra, not have an ra And, we were just north of 3 million with our retirement accounts. Amazing. So why are we going into debt when we, we have money to pay for all these things in cash. Here's the deal. My house, this is because this is how we function. This, this is how we've been functioning for the last umpteen years. My house, I owed 300,000 on it. 20 years ago I owed 70,000.


Oh, Is this because of HELOCs and second mortgages? Yes. We moved. Yes. And. what did you do with that, with that money? Spend it. Okay, so we've had a basically a spending addiction for our entire marriage. It's never been addressed even though you guys have done a great job still, you know, building wealth. Right? But this money has to last us for 30 years. Have you done the math with her to show her, Hey honey, I know you don't like math and numbers. I'm just gonna show you we're gonna run outta money. We're 62. If we make it to 95, here's what's gonna happen.


Yes. Have you shared your feelings with her? Hey honey, I'm, I'm scared. I know you're having a good time with this brand new car. But And, we, we make decent income with all the pension and social security And. we got money in the bank, but I am not comfortable with our monthly spending with all these payments in our life. We have never been able to solve a problem when it comes to money. It blows up every time. So now we, so now we're talking about honestly marriage counseling to where I would set up some marriage counseling sessions and say, look, this money issue has always been a problem and a professional can help you all start to deal with what makes this stuff blow up.


But aside from that, you're going to have to go back to work my friend. You're gonna have to pay this stuff off. If she won't, you're gonna have to. You told George you were complicit. So if you two don't come together and figure this out. And even at that, I think you may have to go back to work my friend. I don't have a feeling your wife's gonna go back to work. I think she was like, I'm out deuces and I'm going to get this car. And I think since you're complicit in it, aside from the therapy here, I'm just trying to keep it real as if you were my dad or my older brother. And I'd say, look, you're gonna have to deal with this. If you won't deal with it with her, then you're gonna have to go work and pay this stuff off, pay the car off and not allow it to happen again.


So you got some options. Yeah. I Roll over every time. I know You do. I can And, It sounds Like. this is not your first rodeo doing this And. It's not just with money. It's probably with everything. Yep. And so that's where I go. The money's just a symptom of a bigger problem. And 37 years, truthfully it's gonna be really hard to uncover these stones and deal with the trauma underneath. And so it's gonna take some work. But I'm telling you, if you guys live to be another, you know, 30 years, I'd want a marriage that's fun and a retirement that's fun and not one filled with communication where we can't even talk because it's gonna blow up. She's gonna be doing her thing.


You're gonna be doing your thing. I want more for your life. And I hope she does too. And so I would have a real come to Jesus, sweetie, this is a big deal to me. I need you to listen. And you be real honest with her And go. And I would really, I'd set up the therapy sessions. Do you think she'd go with you if you set 'em up? I said, honey, let's go talk to a counselor. She says, no, I don't wanna do that. Oh, So we've we've been down this road. Yep. Does she shower? Does she brush her teeth? Yeah. Does she like doing those things? No. Yeah, you do them because it's part of being an adult.


So she needs to understand that some things you do, even though you don't like doing them, she's gotta act like an adult instead of a child because she's 63 years old. Yeah. I afraid you're gonna have to go back to work Lee. 'cause you don't wanna do the work on herself and on your marriage. So you may have to go back to work. He's gonna find more things to get payments on if you're not careful. Thanks for being with us. Good show George. Kamel. Thank you. James Childs. this is the Rams you showed.


Hey folks Dave here. You want to hear even more life-changing content from Ramsey. Download the Ramsey Network app so you can catch all your favorite shows. All in One. Place like The, Ramsey Show Smart Money Happy Hour and The Dr John Delony Show. You'll get real talk about life, relationships, money and your career. Plus the app lets you browse by topic like debt business or selling your home. Get the content you want whenever and wherever you wanna listen. Download the Ramsey Network app today.