
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Wash all bestselling author, Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Open phones as we talk about you right in front of you. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. The call is free, and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. Tyler's with us in Topeka, Kansas. Hey Tyler, welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hi Dave. Hi Jade. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up?


My wife and I, along with our two boys are ready to purchase a home financially, emotionally. We're both at different places and having a hard time coming to an agreement on what to spend and even whether now is the right time. Okay, what's the problem? What do you wanna do versus what she wants to do? We both want to move into a home, but my wife is really enjoys the security of having a large amount of money in the bank.


Okay. So what's it gonna cost you? What are you like, what are you looking to spend? How much do you have saved? Tell me more. We've got up to 80,000 for a down payment. Okay. Buying probably no what? No more than a $300,000 home. Okay. And is that $80,000 just the down payment, or do you have more money that you have set aside for your three to six months? Yes. What you Yes, me, which is we have additional, you, you have an emergency fund in addition to the 80 K. That's correct. Okay, cool. And what's your household income? One 40 to one 60, depending on commissions and bonuses.


Okay. There's no reason to not buy, I don't understand. No hesitation whatsoever. this is the time to do it. Yesterday, y'all go find your house. Every guideline you gave me fits and makes good common sense if fits everything we're talking about. The only trade off is she wants to keep $80,000 in the bank and watch it go down in value while the house goes up in value. Okay. So you're trading a $300,000 house for what is now a 250,000 house, because in 20 minutes that 250 is gonna be 300 while you sit around and watch your cash. Okay. Yeah. this is not, this is not the time to wait because you understand what I'm saying.


The eighty's still gonna be 80 a year from now. The three hundred's gonna be three 50 a year from now. Okay, I gotcha. And and then it's gonna be 400 and you're eighty's still gonna be 80. You probably need to sit down and explain, explain that with the, the right attitude. Explain That to her. Not not my tone, not my tone of voice, but Jade or Rachel's tone of voice. I, I dunno about mine. Maybe, maybe Rachel's Yeah, Rachel's always the friendly one. She's the nice personality, but the Yeah, it takes great joy in that. But anyway, the, yeah, I, I, I think I would start with, you know, and some empathy.


I understand how you feel, but 10 years from today waiting is not gonna be our best plan. Would you agree? You know, and say something along those lines and say, you know, 10 years from the day the house that we can buy for 300, we won't be able to buy anymore. And the 80 will not have gone up. And so the longer we wait, the less house we're going to be able to buy. How old are you guys? 28. Listen, I, I remember when me and my husband bought our first house, everything was in line and I still felt just a little bit trigger shy. It's a big purchase. It's the biggest purchase you're ever gonna make. And so there is, you know, that apprehension there, but let her listen to this call and the experts are telling you that you're ready.


So Yeah, you're in good shape. Listen dude, if you were a broke guy trying to buy a house and your wife was trying to talk you out of it, I'd call you stupid and tell you not to do it right here on the air. You know that you've heard me do it. Yeah. I mean, because I love you and I want you to win. Right. And so I'm, you know, I I would love to do it. That's, yeah. The, I'm kidding, but the, not much, but the, yeah. So yeah, seriously, you guys are in really good shape. You've done a good job. Waiting is going to cost you. And the only thing reason you're waiting now is fear. And in this case, it's false evidence appearing real. It's just you're doing something big you've never done before. And It, like Jade said, that is scary.


It's valid to be scared, but it's not valid to let the fear rule you. Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. Well, I Appreciate everything you guys have done. You've really helped us out a lot. Hey, Tyler, how old are you? 2 28. All right, cool. You, you fit everything man. Everything you're lining up. I mean, you didn't call me up and you're 19 years old, right? And you have no money and you're broke friend at the hap Happy Hour drink and three beers with you told you to buy a house. You're not that guy. I mean, you, you actually have a clue. Well then there's like the perception, right? Your perception really denotes what your behavior's gonna be. And I think right now so many perceive that it's, it's impossible to buy a house in this market. You'll never be able to do it. Yeah.


And they are actually doing it. Yeah. Everybody's telling them that all their friends are going, no one can do it. You're, it's all, It's all gone. All the opportunity's gone. Everyone under 30 is going to die homeless. You know, this is the crap that's on the internet and it's just crap. 'cause we meet 26 year olds with a paid for house doing their dead free screen. That's true. so I mean we meet people all the time that are doing it and making it work, but they're just not overbuying. Yeah, that's right. And they're not buying crap they can't afford. That's right. You know, Paul's in Chattanooga. Hey Paul, welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Thank you Dave. I have a good, great situation to be in. First off, I I thank you for taking my call and I appreciate all the information and education that y'all give to everybody on finances.


But my, my question is, we're looking to, to open a Roth account. I have that available through my, my employer retirement. I have a 401k with a Roth option. My question is, after we've looked at all of our finances, after we've become debt-free house and all trying to allocate money, I, I think we've got enough to fully fund one Roth, but to accomplish all of our other goals, I don't think we can fully fund two. So the question is, over time, would it grow more if we fully funded one Roth account with $7,000 a year?


Not a dime or not a dime. Two Roth accounts, $7,000 is $7,000. If it's in seven accounts or one account, it's still $7,000. And if it's growing at the, okay, if all seven accounts are growing at the same rate, the seven $1,000 accounts will grow to the exact same total as the single $7,000 account. Mathematically. So you would recommend me and my wife both open one doesn't matter instead of Doesn't matter. Doesn't Matter. Okay. If you, if you both want one and partially fund it, that's fine. I do wanna ask you though, because you started out by saying you have the Roth 401k, are you saying that you're fully funding that, which is around 22,500 and then you're moving over to a Roth?


IRAI just wanna make sure that you're clear on what you've got And, what you're funding. N no, we're, we're trying to establish the, the 15% total. Okay. I thought you said the house was paid for. Yes, the house is Paid. The 15% total doesn't matter anymore. You max out everything. If you can keep the government's hands off of it. so I, I would, if you could hit your other goals with the house paid for, I'd max out the work Roth max out two individual Roths, keep the government's hands off the money when when you're in baby step seven, the 15% doesn't apply 'cause you're debt free. Now we're stacking cash. But if you've got some other goals and you want to slow, you wanna keep retirement down at 15% temporarily, that's okay too.


this is The, Ramsey, Show.


I've got some good news and some bad news. The good news is that people have started buying life insurance to protect their families at levels not seen since the 1980s. The bad news is many of them are still buying crappy cash value type plans. I don't care what you call them. Whole life, universal, variable, adjustable, flexible, they're nothing but a waste of your money. Don't be confused and let someone sell you a plan that sounds better than it really is. Look, term life is the only way to go. Rates are back to all time lows. And the process to apply is easier than ever with many companies no longer requiring exams. You need to protect your family and use your money for as much smarter things than investing in a rip-off cash value insurance policy. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 and just compare pricing. You'll see why these are the only plans I recommend. Take care of your family and do it in a smarter way.


So some of y'all may not know Jade and Sam's story, they were in the cruise line business for years and somewhat still are booking talent onto the cruise ships, right? Yeah. Was most definitely Sam Sam's business. And they were actually talent themselves at one point on some of the cruise ships. So you've got a ha have mixed emotions about going on a Ramsey cruise. You're like the most experienced cruiser pro. I mean, I've been on a bunch of cruises. Yeah, but nowhere near as many as you have. I mean, I'm excited. It's the best vacation you can take. Wow. Okay. Well, and you'll be working but not working. I'll be working. You won't. We'll be working the same way. That's right. I'll be on the stage but in a different capacity. There we go.


Let's put it like that. That's, and it's a completely different situation. That's right. I'll Than being the entertainment. 'cause we're just, we're we're entertaining but we're not the enter.


So the Ramsey Cruise is coming up in March. It is not yet sold out, but it's approaching a sell out if you wanna come, it's the live like no one else cruise. You need to be on baby step four or beyond. We'll check your little baby steps card and make sure you are, because we don't want you going on vacation with us and not getting outta debt. That'd be a wee bit hypocritical when we tell you not to go on vacation while you're doing this. So anyway, up to baby. Step four, for and beyond live like no one else. Cruise Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas Dave and Sharon Ramsey. All the Ramsey personalities. Plus Stephen Curtis Chapman plus man Manique Shohan from the Food channel plus Dina Carter. Fabulous country music star. Remember Strawberry one? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh man. What a great song. 17. Yeah. Anyway, and just a lot of other folks on the cruise with us that are unbelievable talent and you're going to have an absolute blast. We're gonna be with you the entire week. It's a seven day very high end cruise. It's not at one of the cheapies. this is not Walmart on the Seas. this is Holland America the good stuff. I vouch for that. And yeah, I've been on Holland America a couple times and this is one of their newer ships. It's ex I've also been on the cheap stuff and this is not that. Yeah, There's a difference. I'm just saying there's, you do get what you pay for on the high seas. So there you go. Well, speaking for about paying Dave, a lot of people are like, do I, do I have to have the, you know, however much it is upfront. But the good news is you can book it with just the deposit $600 deposit. Yeah. March 22nd through the 29th. 2025. And we had one sold out. It was supposed to sail in March of 2020 when the only thing on the high seas was a virus. And so we weren't able to go, they shut the whole thing down. I mean, they shut the ocean down. They just, they they pulled the plug on. It was actually dry sand. And Go ahead and say it Dave. I know you wanna say Fauci Pandemic. The Fauci pandemic caused all of it. But you know, that's But the, anyway, so now we're, we're gonna five years later, we'll be on the high seas for real and gonna gonna be an amazing Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. We'd love to have you join us for just a few cabins left. So you need to get your reservations done now people


Lindsay's in Wichita, Kansas. Hi Lindsay, how are you? Hi, I am good How. are you guys Better than we deserve? What's up? Alright, so my question is, at what point do you prioritize paying off the highest interest versus the lowest balance snowball method? You mean snowball versus avalanche? Never. You always do that at snowball. The avalanche is mathematically incorrect. You want me to tell you why? Okay. Because it sounds like it's mathematically correct. Correct. You understand paying off the highest interest rate first sounds like it's mathematically correct.


Should get you out of debt faster. Right? Hello? Hello? Sorry, I'm still there. Okay. Is that right? Is that why you're considering it? It Kind of, yeah. I'm looking at these interest rates and the highest interest rate is about seven times our lowest interest rate. Yeah. And how much debt do you have? We're right about $23,000. And your household income is what? Right under a hundred thousand. So the interest rate does not matter. You're gonna be out of debt in one year. Okay. So the actual dollars paid in interest will be irrelevant.


Okay. So I mean 10% on $23,000 is $2,000 in a year. That's the most swing you could have in this whole thing. And you're not even gonna have that much swing. Your whole swing in between the, if you ran out the numbers on two possible two probabilities, you, you would find that the actual math is probably around $1,200 that we're having this conversation over. You don't have a $1,200 problem. You have a $23,000 problem and a lifestyle problem and a process problem. And you're spending money. You don't have to impress people you don't like. And you've decided to stop because you're smart way to go. Thank you. That's we're, that's your problem. The problem is your mirror, the person in your mirror is your problem.


It's not an interest rate problem. That's thing Number one. Okay, let me walk you through this for a second. 'cause this is something I just in the last two years got my head around. I knew the debt snowball method was working better than the avalanche method because we helped literally millions of people get out of debt using it. And the avalanche method does not have, does not have the same success level. Avalanche method for those of you who don't know, is you list your debt's highest interest rate to smallest interest rate, thereby paying off the highest interest rate debt first, regardless of its size. And the debt snowball method is you pay off the smallest debt to largest debt. So you have some immediate success because you knock out the little one really fast, you get a little more excited, you knock out the next one a little faster, a little faster, a little faster, a little faster.


And every time you knock off another one, your hope increases. Here's what we have actually discovered, Lindsay. The math is incomplete. When you only consider what we've talked about so far, the, if you're actually doing a real business case on this, you would also en enter into the math equation, the probability of actually completing the plan. Finishing okay. And becoming debt free. If you put probability to it. The number of people that complete the debt snowball plan is vastly higher because they get excited and hopeful 'cause they're knocking out the little ones is vastly higher than the probability of people who create, who complete the supposedly intellectual version, highest interest rate to lower interest rate.


But the probability is lower of completion. So when you enter in the math of probability of completion, if you're doing like a probability and statistics equation, you would never use the avalanche plan because almost no one actually finishes it because they lose hope. They get stuck in a large debt, the high interest rate, and they're just pedaling and pedaling and getting nowhere and they lose hope. And 30 days in they quit instead of getting fired up and wired up and plowing on through. And that's the difference. So you always use this, and by the way, Northwestern University actually did a research study on it and found that the debt snowball outperforms on average because of probability of complete completion.


The avalanche method, And It, they actually then ended up printing an article in Time Magazine that said Dave Ramsey's right after all. Look at that. Who knew? Who knew? Well, It makes sense. You're shortening that feedback loop so you're getting a good result. And every time you get that good result, you get that hit of dopamine that's like, feel good. Yes, I did something. So yeah, you wanna keep going? You need some wins. Yeah, you do. Everybody needs some wins. If you're brand new salesman, the first thing you need to do is go make a quick sale. Anything. Yeah. Just Even if it's a little one you need, you need the success, the confidence builder. The hope deferred makes the heart sick. Yeah. Heart hopelessness makes the heart sick. The opposite of that is when desire comes it, it is the tree of life.


So when you get that hope, 'cause you pay off that little one, you go, whoa, this might, this is weird. I never paid off a debt before in my life. There's another one knocked down another one. Yeah. Look at that. And and there's another one. I got another one. Yeah. And you start getting more and more and more pumped because you're getting through it and you, you're, you're likely likelihood, your probability of completion enters into it. And when you actually convert that to a math formula, the debt snowball is far superior because in the real world it's far superior. And so it shows up in the math. Yeah, That's right. Yeah. The worst thing in the world is when you've been doing a workout plan that doesn't work and you stand on the scale. And, It never moves. Oh God. It's like I give up, cut the tape. Oh, oh, I'm done, I'm Done. But if you see it, even just a couple of ounces.


Yeah. You're like, okay, it's working and you keep doing the plan and you keep, and before you know it, you lost five pounds. Well, and yeah. And And, it's the back away from the donuts for me. I gotta, you know, no donuts Dave son. It's a donut problem son. Yeah. The guy in the mirror, right. Every Time It's so sad that most of our problems originate with a person in our mirror. Yeah, That's the bad news. The good news is most of your solutions originate with the person in the mirror and not someone in the White House. Yeah. Thank you Jesus. Or if broccoli could just be round and donut flavored, that could also put A little hole in It. A little hole in the middle. But it's still broccoli that Would, it would have solve everything would have to be donut.


Oh, this is just, he shouldn't even be in the same sentence. Jake, I know. this is The. Ramsey Show.


Hey guys. George Kamel here. As a new dad, I see a lot of things in a new light. The cost of diapers, the value of sleep, and how crucial it is to have a will. Because if something happens to me, I don't want my family stressing about the details. And that's why I recommend making a will With MamaBear legal forms a will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want. Instead of a random probate judge deciding who gets your fine China or precious moments collection. Looking at you Aunt Shirley. If you think you're too busy, you don't have enough time, no excuses here. I completed my will in just 20 minutes with their easy online process. Plus if something comes up, you can make changes to your will for free for up to six months until you are completely satisfied. And listen, there's a lot of online will companies out there, but what's great about MamaBear is that there's no membership, no subscription, no upselling. The price is the price. And if you love a good deal like me, go to MamaBear legal forms.com right now and save 20% with promo code Ramsey. That's MamaBear legal forms.com promo code Ramsey


Jade washau Ramsey personality Number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. this is The Ramsey Show The. phone number is Triple. eight eight two five five two two five. Ericson Buffalo, New York. Hi Eric, how are you? Better than I deserve. Dave longtime listener, great fan of you and Jade got you on Spotify and Facebook and all that. Appreciate you for having me. Thank You. So I was in a train accident about a year and three months ago. Got caught between a couple trains and finally just settled that just a little over a couple weeks ago after the lawyers took everything ended with about like two 75,000 and my birthday's coming up on seven 11 and just decided to pay off my house and my car.


And that leaves me with just around 200,000. I tied 150 up in a CD at four and a quarter 'cause I really wasn't sure what to do. And I don't really know if I trust the market that much right now. so I have about 50,000 left over and I'm just looking for like how to be a good steward of the rest. And then once like December 24th comes up and that TDS matured what to put it in to gain the most potential on the money. How are you? You okay? Yeah, I, I am actually finished with all my medical and I am back to almost everyday normal living, playing volleyball again.


Good. And pick pickleball and all that. So yeah, my left hip got fractured. I needed surgery and yeah, so I, I recovered from December 12th hip surgery. Wow. What is about a little more than six months now, but everything's great. Talked to a therapist for a good matter of about nine months and I feel like I'm back in some of the best shape of my life. Wow. Yeah. That's great. It's not every day you hear somebody say, I got caught between a couple of trains. Like that's, Yeah, usually, usually people don't walk away from that. So that's pretty cool, man.


That's Neat. Yeah, no, I, I am truly blessed. Okay, cool. Well it sounds like you've done the stuff we would teach you to do with the money. You've been very careful, thoughtful, you've gotten yourself out of debt, you've got a plan. So what is, what is it that you actually need us to answer? 'cause it sounds like you've done most of The stuff So I guess I just, you know, I just threw it in a CD just because I'm not really sure what to do with it. I mean, and when I was in my twenties, I had a great paying job and went and, you know, borrowed money to go on trips. I am actually going to El Salvador tomorrow for like a birthday trip.


'cause I was actually supposed to go to El Salvador right before my train ex or right after my train accident. I called them on the hospital bed and they allowed me to cancel the non-refundable ticket and they refunded me. Wow. So it's kind of like full circle. I went on a missions trip a few years ago ago and so I'm going to revisit some friends. That's great. So I guess the whole point of the question is like, where can I earn the most potential on my money? Look, if I don't really trust the stock market right now, it's at all time highs. If you know, obviously you're probably following that. Well, listen, I I think that if you don't know what to do with your money and if you're unsure about how to invest it, yeah, sticking in a, in a high yield savings probably would've been my move.


But I don't, I wouldn't want it to stay there. It's a lot of money. $150,000. I'd love if you would put in the time and kind of learn a little bit more about this with a smart investor pro and kind of get that confidence before you start investing it. 'cause I do think the best place for this money is invested. Let's say the 50,000 that you have set aside is your three to six months of expenses. And then once you learn and feel comfortable enough to invest this, you do that with the 150,000. That's what I would do now. What, what happens in the future? Do you start working again? So I, I'm a self-employed. I just drive for Lyft 'cause I don't see any value in going and finding a W2 job that pays me 17, $19 an hour and then takes away taxes where I make 25, $30 an hour driving Lyft and then I just ride off all my miles from my car.


But you still pay taxes and No, no. Actually Jade, I've, I've drove, I've driven rideshare for the past seven years and I've never paid a dime. Taxes Means you're not making any money, huh? Alright, so Just because of all the right write offs. Yeah, I guess, yeah, The write off, the write offs aren't fi fake. They're real, your car's going down in value more than you're making, so that's why you're not right. That's why you're not making the taxes. Anyway. So the investing question works like this. How old are you? I'll be 35 on seven 11. Okay. And have a great trip by the way. I hope it works out great. Thank you. Appreciate for you. You've been looking forward to it a long time. The way I look at investing is I've been doing this o on the air now for over 30 years, and every single year for 30 years, people have told me that they're not gonna buy a house because houses aren't gonna keep going up in value.


They're gonna, they're gonna tank and there's gonna be a bubble every single year. People have told me they're not gonna invest in mutual funds because look how high they are. They can't maintain that. And every year both have gone up, every decade both have gone up, every five year period, both house prices and the mar and the stock market has gone up. so I completely am a hundred percent trusting that both of those are gonna keep going up long term. Now, I don't know about tomorrow or this week or by November 3rd, I couldn't get, I couldn't tell you anything about that. But, but over the next decade, I'm 63, I'm a hundred percent sure I'm gonna make money in the real, in the stock market going up by being in mutual funds.


And I'm gonna make money by owning real estate and real estate goes up in the next decade. I'm a hundred percent sure of that. And there's very few things I'm a hundred percent sure of. Yeah. But in the, in the short, I have never seen a time in American history, modern American history that you can look back that both of those things in a decade did not go up. Now can you trust the stock market between now and Christmas? Oh, crap. No. I mean, there's crazy people running to be in the White House. I mean, come on. Right. But When you look at the graphs, I mean, you can go back and look at the graphs as far back as you want that all go and you're gonna watch him go Up all up. Yeah. So yeah, you need, I'm with Jade. If I were in your shoes, I think Eric, you need to learn some more about it because you're afraid of it, because you're watching the news and that's where you're getting your information.


Bad place to get information, by the way and about reality. And so, you know, if you want, if you wanna learn about everything that's wrong with the world, you can find that out on Fox and CNN they'll tell you. But the, but if you want to actually learn what the market has done, you need to sit down with somebody and look at the actual numbers and say, all right, in 1982, here's what it was when I was 22. And I'm really glad I bought my first mutual fund in 1983. Can you imagine, can you even imagine how sweet that little mutual fund is today? Oh my goodness. I know. I listen, I sit next to you. So It's a, it's a it's a sweet baby.


Yeah. I like it. Yeah. So you, you just, if you're thinking long term and you study the actual data, it'll help your fear dissipate because, and this is a case of not knowing and the fear comes from not knowing some things, when you learn more about them, you should become more fearful. That's Right. Oh yeah. Healthy fear And more careful and more wise in the handling of the thing, whatever it is. Right. And so, fear, fear, fear is a good thing in that sense. But fear that that creates paralysis based on lack of knowledge is never a good thing. So learn, learn, learn, learn, learn, learn, learn. And the more you know, the less you're gonna, the less you're gonna wanna do it, or the more you're gonna wanna do it.


Yeah. Facts are your friends. Exactly. He's Dr. John. Delony. Yeah. Yeah. He he's, he's right about that though. Yes. When we're, there's so many things I can think of. Like the guy calling a little bit earlier about a fir buying his first house. His wife's afraid. Yeah. Facts are your friends. Yeah. It's usually a, a lack of clear knowledge on it. It's kind of a circulation of what you've heard people say, what you think might be going on, what happened to your friend a couple of years ago. It's like all those things kind of correlate together to, to inform your Yeah. And you know, we we're at a disadvantage in our culture today because we have so much bad information at our fingertips and bad influences at our fingertips.


It used to be the news media was actually, you know, in the sixties or seventies, they were actually credible and you could trust somewhat what they were saying. And, and you weren't bombarded every minute with this magic wand in your hand by negativity. Yeah. And so it was was somebody that's 14 years old that lives in their mother's basement that has an opinion on TikTok. Oh my gosh. And they're called an influencer. God help us. this is The Ramsey Show.


Let's face it. Needing antibiotics or other medicines isn't a matter of if it's when there's never a convenient time to be sick. I've been in a pharmacy at midnight because I had a speaking engagement the next day and I realized I was coming down with something. So now I stay prepared and you can too with a medical emergency kit from The, Wellness, Company. Guys, I've got one of these. And the medical emergency kit gives you peace of mind knowing you'll have prescription antibiotics and medicines to treat over 30 common illnesses like strep, throat, pneumonia, bronchitis, UTIs, and more. It's easy to order, just answer a few online questions and your kit will be shipped directly to your door along with a detailed guidebook. Don't wait and learn the hard way like I did. And maybe you have, you can have the prescriptions before you need them. A medical emergency kit is like having an urgent care in your home. Go to urgent care kit.com/ramsey and use the promo code Ramsey a checkout to save 15%. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey promo code Ramsey


Jade washau Ramsey personality is my co-host. Guys, we could use your help. A bunch of you have been helping us And, we appreciate it. How can you help us? Doesn't cost you a thing, all you need to do is click the subscribe button, the follow button where you're listening or watching the show, whether it's YouTube or Spotify or Apple or whatever. Subscribe. Follow however that works in your format. Also, some of those formats have a, some of those platforms have a share button. Sharing the show with friends. That's a big deal. Jade was just telling me about a movie at the break that I need to go see. See that's how you tell. You tell people she said, and I'm not gonna tell you about the ending. So there we go. That that means that that means I gotta, I gotta go see it to get, you know. That's right. There it is. Now the difference is your friends will tell you about the ending on this show, but the, yeah, spread the word.


Tell people about this. Click a link and send a link around and tell 'em something fun and funny or something you learned that changed your way of looking at money, whatever. However we can help you. That's what we wanna do. And help us spread the word with that. And those five star reviews, they help us with the algorithm as well. Folks, thank you very much, And. we know you're doing that because our numbers are way up. Thank you. Wow. Justin is in Omaha, Nebraska. Hi Justin. How are you? Good, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? My wife and I have about 145,000 in student debt and she kind of feels like it's her fault. So I'm trying to just help her I guess not really cope, but just figure out how to help her better understand how to attack it from there.


Well, was most of it hers when you got married? All of it. so I was pretty Well then it would be her fault. Yeah, I was pretty Lucky. That would be accurate. But that we don't have to be shamed about it or guilty about it. It's just like, yeah, you know, apparently you thought she was worth it. So there we go. Listen, when I got married my husband had 200,000 of student loan debt. So And, It just kind of ballooned even more because of interest. So Was was he worth it? I hope? Yeah, he was. He was. Oh I'm kidding. Sam Sam's definitely worth it. Worth it. Sam and more Sam. But I mean, the point, the point of me saying that is there, that feeling is very real.


Like it is, it feels like, I mean it feels like a weight. It feels like the weight of the world is on you and you, you feel bad about it. The best thing that you can do, and this is just from personal experience, the best thing that you can do is really lock arms with her and never refer to it in her presence as her debt. Again, our debt, it's ours. I'm With you. And I've been doing my best to not do that too. Yeah. And I mean, honestly over time that helps so much. And then, you know, coming up with a planned attack, it, is this the only debt or do you guys have more? We have about 25,000 on her car. Okay. Mine is paid for. Okay. Did you guys just get married? Is this, We've been married a little over two years, so we What's your household income grad?


About 85,000 after tax. What does she do? She's a speech pathologist. Oh, that's good. Yeah. What do you do? I'm in golf. Okay. As in a professional golfer? No, the other side not. I'm a class A PGA member, but we're not, I'm not a professional golfer, I just help other people get better at all. Oh, so you're an instructor. Okay. Yeah. Okay, good. And, what do you make? I make about 42. And she's only making 42 as an as a speech pathologist. Yeah. So right after she got her graduate school, it's a little lower and then once she gets, her season goes up.


Got it. Oh, when was she pass that? Next couple months here. Okay. And, what will her income go then to then? She'll be at about 65 after that. Still sounds low. Hmm. Okay. I was actually thinking speech pathologist generally made six figures, but what do I know? No. Nope. Maybe not. Maybe not in Omaha. I Was gonna say maybe not Nebraska. Yeah, But the, alright, so, okay, so you guys are gonna end up making a little over a hundred at that point. You got 145 plus 25. The car's pretty expensive.


The 25,000 car is bothersome in the equation. It's not the end of the world, but it's a lot. I mean you got a what, a $800 car payment, right? It's about four 70. Oh okay. That's better than I thought. Okay, good. Alright. Anyway, so yeah, you, you, so you've got 160,000 bucks to come up with making a hundred. And so if we do 50 a year, that's three and a half, three years and some change. So we need to do 60 a year and be done in three years. And that's gonna be beans and rice. Rice and beans. No vacations, no eating out. We're gonna lean into this thing And, we are going to clean up our mess and she is going to maximize her career that she paid a lot to be in.


'cause I'm still got my head sideways a little bit. Got that German Shepherd look right now on what she's making. I just doesn't sound right. So not, I'm not an expert on speech pathology, but I've been doing this a long time. So I've interviewed a lot of people about what they make for what they do. And so anyway, I want you to work on that. I want her to get every squeeze EveryDollar out of this degree field that she paid a lot for to get a return on investment and, 'cause she's got high income potential and you gotta do as much as you can do also to increase your income and in your field. I suspect there's some side gigs so to speak, that you could do that weren't with club members or whatever that, where you're not in a conflict and I'd be working every tournament, everything I could get my hands on to do that as well.


So all of that to say you guys maximize your incomes and I'm with Jade, I think you just change your pronouns and just go, look honey, we've got debt. If you wanna talk about it like it's yours, it's fine. But I married you, it's now we we're French, we we, and this is what we do And, we are going to attack our debt and out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks, the Bible says. And so if you never again speak of it except in terms of plural, our we, that kind of pronoun versus yours. Mine. If you never again speak it, then that says that your heart has shifted and as long as your your heart is there, then eventually she will acquiesce to that.


'cause we are gonna work on this together. Yeah. We are going to knock this out. We are both going to sacrifice. We are gonna clean this loan mess up so that we have a good future. Yeah. Yeah. Love drive love is the only thing that really drives out that shame that she's gonna feel. And and that's the way you do it is just by coming alongside her. And, It being a we, the good news is with their situation, he said her income's gonna go up 60 some odd thousand dollars. No, 2 60 0, 2 60 from 40. Oh if I mis unless I misunderstood him. Yeah. I may have misunderstood him, but either way that plan, I hope it goes plan up 60 goes from 40 to a hundred. That's gonna be very Helpful. Well that's what I'm, that makes more sense. But that Makes a two year plan then instead of a three year plan.


Yeah. Okay. I like That. Either, either way they're going and they're paying it off. So Yeah, either way we're gonna lean into it. And It took you guys longer than that and you Know, significantly longer you Accepted each other and didn't shame each other Yeah. In that process. And that's how you all did it. Yeah, I, that's a big key. Now I always say like I don't take much credit for that. I, like, I always say, I don't know if I was very wise or just like love is blind, but you know, I just didn't see it any differently. It's both of ours. Well I mean we did it in a little different setting, but I mean it was our income. Yes. And I have never, I don't remember ever saying to Sharon, I am brought this money home, I'll decide what I wanna do. I don't think I've ever said that Dave. I think that's equally because I don't that equally important. Believe that. Yeah. Equally important.


Yeah. Our debt, our income. Yeah. For 38 years she's not had an income earned outside the home. Well yeah, because what spouse wants to feel like I'm getting to have some of your income. Yeah. That, that's a recipe for somebody. That's a, that's a recipe for disaster. It's a power play. Yeah. And It. It's, it's relationally unhealthy Number one and, and it becomes a manipulation and all that kind of stuff. Like, you know, well when only when we have a big fight is when I yell at you and say it's my money. Yeah. But other than that, I think it's our money, you know, and it's like, yeah, if you're gonna play that, that's a power play. Yeah. That's manipulation play. And then that's when you find out what's in the heart that's out of the right abundance of the heart.


The mouth speaks. So when someone is saying something, you need to listen because it's coming from inside of them. Oh yeah. 'cause if The words that people use do matter And so I'm, I'm listening to that, I'm watching that. I'm thinking about that. So you're gonna be on the other side of that Justin, and you're gonna be just fine. Yeah. Y'all, y'all are gonna, the point is bust through it. And It doesn't matter. And over time both of you will adopt the proper pronouns regarding your money. That's right. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey folks, Dave here. And I know some of you listening to the show waiting for a call that answers your specific question. Maybe you need help with budgeting or investing or saving your emergency fund.


But wouldn't it be great if you could get the answers you need right when you need them? Well I got great news for you 'cause you can, when you download the Ramsey Network app, you get our advanced AI search that lets you easily find the calls that matter to you. You can also browse by topic to find answers for the exact things you need help with. That means you don't have to simply hope the next call will be the one you've been waiting for because the Ramsey Network app lets you have control. And with over 7,000 hours of life-changing content, the Ramsey Network app is the best place to find the answers you are listening for.


to get access to personalized content for free, just search Ramsey Network in the app store today. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau Ramsey personality Number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Maya is in Salt Lake City. Hi Maya. how are you Doing? Great. Thank you for all the work that you all do. Thank you. How can we help?


I am calling because we have two debts left. We have our primary mortgage And. we have the mortgage on rental property. And. we are wondering which one we should pay off first. Cool. How much are they? The rental property has 130 K balance, 3.785% interest. Our mortgage is 4 57, 2 0.75% interest. Household income's what? 530. Whoa. Come on now. Rocking it girl. Good for you. Done A lot in the last two, three years. I'm happy for you to go. Successful people in Salt Lake. What do you do? We're very Grateful, very blessed. My husband works for Delta and in the Last year and a half he switched over to the captain's seat.


So good for him. We're very happy. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. And he, he is gone a lot too. Oh, okay. Wow. Wow. Well good for you guys. I'm so proud for you. Okay, so the, the only trade off in my mind is this is I always do a risk analysis first. And the way I look at that is if everything went sideways, which you're a long way from everything going sideways, you're square in the middle of prosperity. Right. But if everything went sideways and I was going to lose one of these, which one would I want to lose? Well, I'd wanna lose the rental. So it's always the second to pay off unless it has a super small mortgage and I could just knock it out real fast.


Now, relative to your income, what would be your plan to have both of these paid off? How long would it take? You making 500? We're figuring you need making 500, you need five 50. Right, Right, right. So we were figuring three years for Both. Okay. So really it doesn't matter 'cause in three years both of 'em are gone. Yes sir. Yeah. And so if we said that, then really we're talking about of the three years, two years is your house one year is the other, give or take? Not quite. Yes sir. But more of it's the house, so. Hmm. Well that, see the speed at which you're doing it kind of makes me on the bubble.


I don't really care. So what would I do if I woke? I'll tell you how I'm thinking about it. All right. With your first risk assessment, the one that you'd want to lose, I'd wanna know what the rental property is worth. What is it worth? It's worth about 300, 3 30, 300. Okay. And your home is worth what? 4 7 90. Ooh, interesting. I'm paying off my house. I'm paying off the house too. 'cause if you had told me that the rental was worth plenty of what it would take to pay off the primary, I might say, oh, go ahead and pay it off. If you came on, like you said, if you had a risk scenario and you came on hard times, you could always sell it and pay off the primary, but it wouldn't bring enough to do that.


Right. So that's why I would go with Dave. Yeah. And you're gonna pay it off. So, and, and I'm thinking of the non-math benefits that end up being math benefits like peace, like when you pay off your home, you feel different than when you pay off your rental. Agreed. Agreed. Yeah. And so when we paid off our cars and you know that you can get to and from work and not have to Get From dropping the kids off at school itself. So good. Yeah. Like every stupid thing doesn't start, at least it's mine. You know, that kind of stuff. Yeah. I also think there's something of it. I'm like, if anybody's living in the paid for house, it's me, not the renters. Yeah, I Like that too. There's that thing. Yeah. I mean, if you owed like 45 or 50, I just knocked the rental out like it was a credit card debt or something and just knock it out quick.


But it's kind of on the bubble because of the way the math works in your scenario. So, you know, I'm I for the peace and the non-math benefits of being debt free on your personal residence, I'll put it in line first. Keep in mind we're only having a discussion here of one year. Yeah. Yeah. That's the only difference is which one's paid it by one year. Yeah. That's the only difference. If you put the rental in front, it delays that by one year. Yeah. If you put the rental behind it makes it sooner by only one year. So it's not a, if it's not, it's not a 10 year it issue, but with her math, that's what we're talking about.


Yeah. So it's not, it almost doesn't matter. Yeah. But just if I was gonna get right down to it, I'm gonna knock out the personal residence because I, I think so many good things happen that people don't even anticipate when they're debt free on their house. That I'm gonna put 'em there as soon as I can. 100%. Hey, let me be a Pharisee real quick. Okay. So let's pretend that numbers, And by the way, you folks notice interest rate did not matter in that discussion. No, not at all. Not at all. 'cause over three years it's irrelevant. Let's pretend that the numbers worked out a little bit differently. And, we were vying for her to pay off the rental first. I know there's people who are listening going, well Dave, she shouldn't have bought a rental anyway.


If she didn't pay for it in cash, why would you tell her to pay off the rental first and not the primary? I I don't liquidate real estate unless it's causing a problem. Yeah. For her it's not. If it's I liquidate a car in a heartbeat, I'll sell your car on you in a moment. Well It's also depreciating. Yeah. Well, I mean, and cars are just land, land of stupid when it comes to money stuff. Yeah. But real estate, it's so cumbersome and expensive to liquidate. And, It. It's time consuming and everything else. I got a house for sale right now. My personal residence is for sale and it's just, it's a thing. Yeah. You know, it's a thing. And so I Yeah, real estate's. The, if you call in and you're in trouble and you're in deep stuff up your neck, I'm gonna start selling off the kids.


Three of the dogs, I'm gonna, everything but the house is the last thing I'm gonna sell. Unless you're just, unless you got a mortgage payment that's, you know, 50% of your take home pay, you've gotta get out of it. Alright, I'm gonna play another game. Okay. Because I like this. Alright. So Fair to see the devil's advocate whatever, whatever game this is. Okay? Because I get into other people's brain, okay? Now there's a guy listening, he's like, well, I make $500,000 a year. I already live in a house that's 4 57, but I'm looking at a piece of real estate that's 300,000. Why can't I go buy it Using the same? Well, because the goal, the Number one goal in the whole discussion is to become debt free and stay debt free. It's not, now, if she called me up and said, I've got 10 rentals, Sure.


I might be liquidating some of those. That's right. In order to get to debt free faster and pick which one. Okay. Pick the one you don't like. That's right. And don't be it. Right. That kind of stuff. I'm probably, and you've heard me do that if you listen to this show all the time. So because the shortest distance between where you are now and wealth is not your income, it's the, it's the freedom of your income not going to someone else in the form of debt payments. That is what builds wealth for, again, for the first one to $10 million worth of net worth. That's what all of the data shows us. And so freeing up your income, it becomes my Number one goal here. Yeah. And not going into debt to buy real estate.


That's not my Number one goal. As a matter of fact, it's the antithesis of our Number one goal. Love it. So, good question though. It's a good, it's a good clarification to bring it up. And you know, people bring up all kinds of things. Here's the point, a hundred percent of the time, that's all the time the borrower is slave to the lender. A hundred percent of the time that you engage in debt, you are submitting yourself to some form of mathematical, relational, some kind of slavery a hundred percent of the time. And a hundred percent of the time you call this show, we're gonna tell you not to do it.


this is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I'm always railing against social media, especially in the summer because everyone uploads the highlight reels of their perfect bodies and their, they're perfect vacations and they're perfect kids. And I know they're not real. And I know that I'm blessed beyond my wildest dreams, but I still find myself wishing my life was like other people's. And based on the data, I know this is happening to you too. Comparison is wired into us, but comparison can also be become the thief of joy because we can feel like we're not enough and begin acting and thinking in ways we would never do otherwise. And when it all gets to be too much, it's time to contact BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. And by the way, therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for all of us who are ready to get out of the comparison spin cycle and find our own peace and joy in the life we are creating. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp e p.com/delony.


Jade washau Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. Sam's in Birmingham. Hi Sam, how are you? I'm doing good, Dave. How are y'all? Better Than I deserve. What's up? So I'm going into my third year of law school this next year and I've, I've financed law school through, through student loans and now my grandmother who has, you know, a a lot of money in checking account, she is offered to pay my student loans through our, you know, loan servicer so that I can pay her back without interest.


And so I'm just wondering if, because I've heard you kind of go against inner family loans and saying that that might rub the relationship and I don't want to do that with my grandmother. so I was just wondering if, if I should tell her that that's a good thing to do or if just taking a gift maybe, you know, less than the, the full amount of the loans. I just am wondering how to navigate that. Yeah. Wow. So how wealthy is your grandmother? She is, she's very wealthy. I Don't know what, what's very wealthy. I don't know what that means. She, is she worth $10 million or $1 million or $500,000?


What's very wealthy? Oh, I would say two to 3 million. Okay. And how many grandkids does she have? She, including my mom, she has four Kids or grandkids? Grandkids. I think maybe five or six. You don't know how many cousins you have? Well, some of 'em, some of 'em aren't under my mom's dad, so I'm trying to think in my head. Okay. So, so, but I'm asking you, your grandmother has $3 million that presumably will be left to her kids and grandkids, correct?


Yes, sir. How many siblings do you have? I have one sibling. Okay. All right. And your mother has how many brothers and sisters or half brothers and sisters? She, one just passed away, so she has three. Okay. All right. Because the reason I'm trying to do all this, I'm trying to add up, if your share of the inheritance is 140, we might ask her to just advance you your inheritance but not loan it to you. Yes, sir. Not loan it to you, gift it to you to, and to only to put on the student loan. Okay. Yes. Or, or any, any share of your inheritance that she does want to advance to you as a gift.


I would accept that gladly. And put it on your student loans. Even if it was an obligation to put it on student loans, I still would accept that. Would I accept a loan to save the interest? 100%. No. Never. Okay. Yeah. And I, and I guess so in my head, my mom would be devised some money to the will, but Be, I don't know how, I don't know how the estate plan is working and I guess that's something you need to find out. Is there any of this money, this $3 million that's going to come your way when your grandmother passes? If the answer is zero, then obviously she cannot advance you against your inheritance.


'cause the answer's zero. Yes, sir. So if it's all coming to your mom and her brothers and sisters, and they're not leaving any to the grandkids directly, which is not that unusual by the way, if then, then you don't have an inheritance out of this. And so, or, or if your mom wanted to agree to accept the amount that she or your grandmother gives you less as an advance on her inheritance, And, It go through to you. Now that's okay. If you want, if you guys, the three of you want to talk that out, you and granny and mom. Okay. I'm fine with that. If you don't wanna talk about, don't do it.


And if you, but in no circumstances are we going to do alone, if I'm you Who, who's having these conversations, is it you and your grandmother talking directly? Or is this, that you're find, are you finding out about this by way of your mom or whoever? How's the conversation? Look, So it, it started with a phone call with my, my grandmother and my mom on the line. And so I told my, I told my mother and grandmother that, you know, she probably needs to talk to her estate planning attorney. And my grandmother's kinda like, well, I can go down to the bank and get the money right now. And I'm like, well, You can, but you also can get screwed by gift tax. Your advice was correct.


Yeah. I just, I I, I wanted to see what the relationship was. 'cause it does feel presumptuous in, in many ways to be like, Hey, just give me some, gimme my inheritance in advance. Like I, I I could see That. No, he didn't. He didn't Bring it up though. Yeah. He didn't bring it up. Yeah. I'd say I'm granny, I'm not comfortable doing a loan. If you and mom wanna talk about a way that this is an, that this is an advance on some of the estate plan and either mom's share or my share or however it works, is reduced by the amount you want to give me to reduce the student loans. I can talk about that as a gift. And It will put it on the student loans, but I don't want to be in debt to you and I'll, I'll just work it out. But I, and thank you so much for the kind offer.


I honor you. I appreciate that. I know you've got plenty of money, but the idea of me having to pay my grandmother payments makes me ill and I would never want to do that 'cause I love you too much. And that's how it sounds. Does that make sense? Yes sir. Yes sir. That's, that's where my head was at on it. So thank y'all very much. Yeah. Thank you for calling in, man. I appreciate it. And so family does this stuff, you know, mom and dad are gonna loan the kid grown kids money to buy a better house so their grandkids have a better place to live. Yeah. Oh yeah. And, and, but we'll do it at 4% interest 'cause of going rate six. And I can't make that on the, down at the money market anyway. So you just pay me what I was gonna make on the money market.


I've heard that story. Like, I don't know. Yeah. A a bazillion times and sometimes it all works out, but usually at least one or two people in the equation. You know? Here, here's what I discovered. Okay. When we went broke, Sharon's dad, who is one of the nicest men, he may be a saint. Yeah. He's one of the nicest men I've ever met. And just a kind good man. We went broke and he loaned us some money to keep our house, to bring the house up current. Oh, that's great. So when we filed bankruptcy, we could keep the house and I never thought anything about it. 'cause I borrowed it up to my eyeballs and just went bankrupt. Yeah. Hello. I mean, you know, and that's where I came up with a saying, Thanksgiving dinner tastes different when you eat with your master.


Who don't I know it. Yeah. Because Here's the thing, it bothered him. Not at all. He never thought a thing about it. He's the nicest guy. Didn't bother him a bit. Yeah. But he was the master. It bothered his daughter. My wife. Not at all. 'cause as far as her, she was concerned. Daddy was helping. And that's what daddy's do. Not a big deal. It about killed me. You Had sweaty armpits. Yeah, I had Yeah. That Yeah. Yeah. I, that's, that's how I lost my hair right there. I'm just saying. So, oh, I know the feeling. And he never said an unkind or shaming thing to me once. Yeah. Never. One time. And, and yet I carried all of this.


It just ate at me and in silence. Yeah. And It was, it was after I paid it off. And years later when I'm learning this borrower slave to the lender thing, I'm learning this, I'm going, well, that's what happened. Yeah. I changed my relationship with my father-in-Law, who I love dearly to master. And even if you're master, when you're a slave is a kind master. Yeah. You are still a slave. A slave. Yeah. That's so true. Dave. We did the same thing with our, we were upside down on a Hummer of all things. Oh God. And. we knew we, That's almost as bad as my Jaguar. I know. It's bad. Yeah. We Were, my Jaguar was the one Yeah. That's the same stuff. But bad credit, you know, couldn't get a loan for the difference.


So our mother-in-Law, who I would agree, one of the most generous people I know lent us the money. And It. Just, I mean, I couldn't pay, I couldn't pay it off fast enough. 'cause it just, yeah. So from their point of view, it's generosity, And. It's kindness. And they, and they uphold all of that. But, Well, they never thought anything about it. Yeah. They never didn't bother them. A bet. Yeah. Listen, being the master is not hard. It's being a slave. It's hard. Hello? Know. That's right. It it, that's, that's the easy position in the story. Yes. And so, yeah. That, that's a good, it's a really good call, Zachary. Thank you. Or not Zachary. I'm sorry Sam. That's a good question. And it's a valid question. Moms and dads do good things, bad ways.


Grandmothers do good things, bad ways. That's, that's so true. 'cause because they're ignorant about it. Yeah. They just don't know. Just mean. Well ignorance is not malice. It's just, I don't know. this is The. Ramsey Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey Trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. this Is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.


Jade Washau, Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Today's question comes from Erica in Kentucky. Yeah. She Says, my husband runs a landscaping company that's owned by his father. He's been told for years that he'll be taking over the business soon. And he does everything in the business except collect the checks and send the invoices. He has put in a ton of time and invested a lot of money into this business. But he makes the same hourly wage as the other employees on payroll. He's trying to be patient. But with the low pay and amount of work that he has put in, it doesn't add up for me. And personally I think he's being used. His dad is now trying to talk him into buying equipment with debt to invest the bus in to invest into the business he doesn't yet own.


I'm stuck in the middle and seem to have no say because he trusts his family's promises. How can I best support my husband while also keeping things cordial in the family? You can't Uhuh. Okay. So in Genesis it says, A man shall leave his father and mother and hold fast to his wife and they shall become one flesh. And that's where the old time preacher would say, leave and cleave. You leave your father and mother and you cleave an old English term. That became part of the biblical lingo because of King James Burson of the Bible.


But you leave your parents and clinging to your spouse. Your husband has not done that. You have a marriage problem. I agree. He's still married to his daddy. 100%. You know, I, whether they're intending to use him or not, it's not a fair situation. Just reading what you've wrote, there's nothing fair here. If he's doing a job and it's above and beyond what other workers are being paid for the job that they're doing. Yeah. That's unfair. Now there is something to be said for, But we can't even have that discussion because he won't talk to her. He listens to daddy. Yeah.


But I mean, back when I used to work, back when I used to work in the cruise business, they would say, you know, I signed my contract. You signed yours. Which was basically a saying of, Hey, don't complain to me now that this is not fair because you knew what you were getting into when you signed it. And so there's part of it. I'm like, the more that he continues to sign that contract, he's saying, yes, I agree with this. The problem is not your father-in-law, the problem is your husband. Yeah. 'cause he's agreeing. He needs to stop. Yeah. He's going along with this and he is not listening to his wife. Okay. Now, if we stop there and say, okay, I'm gonna quit doing that. I'm gonna listen to my wife and my wife says, this is unfair. Now we can talk about, oh, is it unfair or not? Yeah. Well here, here's some good rules for family business.


And I coach a lot of family businesses. Got a world famous podcast called Entree Leadership. Right. Coach family businesses every single week. And you know, millions and tens of thousands of 'em are being coached by us right now by Ramsey. Okay. So we deal with 'em all the time. So here's the, here's the guidelines. Very simple. You do not invest money in a business you do not own. I don't care who owns it or what the promise was, period. If I walked up off the street and said, Hey Mr. Employee, would you put money into my business? Well, they'd have to be brain damaged to do that. The only time you'd be brain damaged enough to do that would be your own stupid family. So no, we're not doing it with a stupid family either.


No. Number one. Number two, when you work in any business, you're only worth what the marketplace says that position is worth. You're not worth any more because you're the golden child. Or any less because you're family. We get to work our family for free. That's why we had a lot of kids. No, that's not the plan. this is not what we're doing. And so Rachel, Cruz, Ramsey personality makes exactly the same percentage on royalties, on books. Exactly the same percentage on speaking gigs that Jade sitting beside me makes Rachel.


Cruz makes the same as John Delony. Now they don't have the same income, but they have the same percentage of their deal. Now one of 'em may sell more books or less books. One of 'em may have more speaking or whatever. Right. But that, that's not the point. The point is they're on the same schedule. Yeah. And she gets paid for that, not because she's my daughter and she doesn't get paid less because she's my daughter either. And so that's a simple formula that you should go with. The third formula with family business is if you say you're going to turn over a business to a family member, you need to never say that unless you say when.


Someday it'll all be yours When you're 76 and I'm 104. Right? What kind of crap is that? That vague stuff. Nobody knows what you're talking about. You got one. So when you say to a 30-year-old, someday it'll all be yours. He thinks next week. And you think a decade from now. So you need to say not someday. You need to say, and so you need to have, you need to work cars someday. It'll all be yours. Oh brother. How about I don't wanna be in the landscaping business with you. There's a whole new idea too. I'd rather start my own thing. I could make three times as much money as you're paying me.


So there's all that can come up. Only after we have, we can have some basic family business principles in place for operating a family business and treating each other with equity and with dignity and with high communication levels. And then you don't get to play the role of resentful wife either. You have to play the role of supportive wife then. That's right. If your husband wants to do this, he likes working with his dad and he's being treated fairly. And I don't think you're saying you just don't like these people, but you're starting to not like them because you're getting, because they're standing between you and your husband. And that's a fair complaint right there. Yeah. She said, I'm stuck in the middle. Gee, how do you get stuck in the middle?


You can't get stuck in the middle of one. I thank you. I'm like, there, there's a, a party there that should not be there. Party of one. Yeah. so I think you and your husband need to sit down and discuss who's in charge here of your life, you and him or his daddy. And then once we decide that, then we can have a discussion about who gets paid what and if we wanna take this business over and under what circumstances. But this is where, this is where it is. And so yeah, it's, Those are tough conversations. Yeah. It's because when you're in it, like if it's your family, sometimes you can't see the forest for the trees. But then if you're the in-law, it's like you can't say, you know what I mean? Like, there's certain things that as the, in-law, it's like you can't say to your, to your family in-law.


Right. 'cause it just creates, She can't talk to them at all. No, She Can't. She's not got any footing to do it at all. Plus she's pissed off. Yeah. She's pissed. So it's not gonna go well if You write a letter to a radio show you pissed. Alright. Just put it in that bucket right there. Yeah. Yeah. I don't care how many, how much language I really like them You put in there. Yeah. You wrote a letter to a podcast. Yeah. so I'm just saying that's what, yeah. Yeah. You honey, you got a marriage problem and you know, you need to stop being angry with your father-in-Law. He's not the problem. Your husband's the problem. The two of you being on the same page and him putting you and him as a family unit ahead of everything else starts the conversation.


Mm. That's where it is. Leave and cleave. It's an interesting study. Look it up. The number of people who never leave their mother never leave their father after they're married. And the damage that does to their marriage relationship is it's, it's everywhere. Yeah. 100%. And it's hard to do it when you live in their basement. Oh Gosh. You took it to, you always take it to the next level. Always go, always go there too. Just, just helping you with this. Helping you with this. Oh boy. Yeah. That's important. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Jade, it is, it, you know why we will always have a compelling and entertaining show because human beings are gonna do stupid stuff.


Oh, 100% And. we human beings, when we do stupid stuff, me and you included. Yes. We're just downright entertaining. Yo. 100% every time. You know this whole building wealth thing, it's, the math is sixth grade. It's the stupid humans that mess it up. It doesn't require any thought. Yeah. I mean, there's not that much to it. Live on less than you make. Yeah. Well, we'd be out of business. Well, and the funny thing is, it's the same stuff over and over and we've all done it, but it's Relational. Yeah. It's, you know, I was reading a thing the other day. It matters more in, in terms of wealth building. It matters more who you marry than where you went to school All day.


I believe that all day so important. And that case in point right there, this is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey Trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey Trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Thanks for joining us America. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Jade Haw. Ramsey personality is my co-host.


The best way to make the most of your money is by creating and sticking to a plan to be intentional. A plan in the money world is called a budget. Just tell your money what to do instead of wondering where it went. EveryDollar makes it simple to plan your spending. It is the world's best, most robust budgeting app. Tens of millions of people are using this. Keep pulse on your spending, make progress on your money goals. Follow the baby steps, hit every milestone, get your questions answered. Work the system. EveryDollar. The budgeting app will help you do it. You can download it for free in the app store or Google Play today.


Jay is in Mobile, Alabama. Hi Jay, how are you? Cool. We're doing great. Thanks for having me today. Sure. What's up? I, I'm doing some, one of the least favorite things i I ever do in life, which is shopping for a car. And. we are, my wife and I are on baby step seven, And. we have about $15,000 saved so far for a car purchase. But I'm just, I'm wondering what, what you recommend in terms of a a, a price range for a car for someone in my situation. 'cause I'm looking at these car prices and unfortunately I remember what cars cost pre pandemic and I, I I got sticker shock here.


Yeah. What's your net worth? 800,000. And what's your household income? One 60. Okay. And you're talking about paying what for a car? The one that the car we're looking at, it looks like the, the average cost is 25 to 30,000. Okay. What is it? It's, that would be a, a 21 or 22 Chrysler Pacifica minivan with 40,000 miles or less. Okay. Alright. And you've got 15 but you don't know the rest of it? Well, we think, Oh, you just got, I reallocate some of your investments to buy your wife a car.


Right, right. Yeah. We're I mean we've got, you know, we've got plenty we could, we could write a check that we're probably, we're probably gonna do is leave that 15 there and take the next few months and save another five or six. So you're, you're saving it. You're not reallocating Sell my wife's car. Right. And we're gonna sell my wife's car and get about six from that. So, okay. You know, we're gonna So we're, we're just, we're we're, we're, we're creeping up to it, but I'm just, I I I'd say do It. I was just uncomfortable turning around, turning loose of that much cash all at once. I Mean, you are a serious timeline. Yeah. I love you. What, I mean, the question I have to ask, well, what's the alternative?


That would be my question for you. What's the alternative? You don't buy the, the 2020 $5,000 car. What would be your alternative? Well, I mean, if I'm gonna buy a car, that's really the only car I'm gonna buy. 'cause we wanna keep it 10 years plus we wanna drive 'em as long as we can. Yeah. And so I, you know, I don't wanna buy anything a lot older than that. I don't wanna buy anything but a lot more miles on that. So then there's not an alternative, this is the car or this is the ex, you know, this is what you're willing to spend 25,000 And you realize, you realize you have the money, right? Yes. Yes. Alright. You're not, you're not a broke guy calling me up wanting to buy a 30,000 car. No, no, not at all.


Do it. Pull the Trigger. Thank you for that, that perspective. I appreciate that. Yeah, you Bet. Yeah. I, I, it's, it, it, it's you. What happens is, as our incomes increase and our net worths increase, sometimes our emotions don't keep up. And so, like Ramsey Ramsey does about 300 million a year in revenue. And, what we spend on coffee for our team. We got 1100 people here. The, and the coffee's free for employees. So what we spend on coffee blows my freaking mind.


Okay. Because my mind emotionally still is back when the company was making 10 million, not 300 million. Yeah. You know, and And, we had And, we had 10 people or 20 people, not 1100. And so I can't, I can intellectually look around and see it, and I know we're okay, but I look down and I go, you've got to be kidding me. Or what we spend on copier paper, you know what I mean? It's just like bizarre stuff at volume, you know? And my emotions have not kept up. And I have to, I have to stop as an act of my will and go, Dave, you're okay. You're okay, Dave, you're not going to die because I'm ready to kill something.


I'm ready to go have some of that caffeine right now and just jack 'em up. But no, but I mean that's, that's a good point. That's point what you're dealing with, man. That's a what I'm, my point is it's a normal human thing. Your brain is not functioning at an 800,000 net worth $160,000 income when you're having this discussion about a car. That's, it's a true thing. I, let me put it on a, a even smaller scale. 'cause you've got this giant company. So, you know, usually when we buy paper towels, we buy the big Costco thing. You have a big supply of them in the house. Well, we ran out of paper towels. How Is that possible? If you buy that from Costco, you'd have enough for 10 years. How could you possibly Run, run out, have kids? I have a dog. Dave, we ran out. Okay. I said to, so I said to Sam, go out and get some paper towels. Well, Oh no Costco's far.


He didn't, so he just went to Publix. Do you know he came back with That man, A single roll of like every great value paper towels. And I was like, I said, what am I supposed to do with this? And he was like, And It was like, once I pointed it out, he realized, he was like, oh. Like that was the, the broke Sam broke Sam went and Got one And got one roll of the cheapest paper towels. And I was like, that old man has gotta get outta here because I need you to go get me brony. Get me a Big broke Sam, you're fired. We're sending you to Costco to get multi rolls of the good stuff. Yeah. That's the old way. You know, you, that's what you do when you're broke.


You go get a four pack of Angel softs, you get the smallest. That's Good. Well, that's what I'm functioning. I'm functioning in broke Dave. Yeah. Broke Dave couldn't, he didn't make his income was not what our coffee budget is. It's the Old man. Yeah. That's Broke Dave. Yeah. So Dave, but Dave. You're okay, Jay. You're okay. You can afford the car. Buy the car, pay cash for it. Enjoy it. Happy wife, happy life. Oh yeah. And you know, the federal law wife gets the good car. That's federal law. That's right. Okay. this is Zachary's in Indianapolis. Hey Zachary. What's up Dave? Jade, nice to talk to you guys. how are You Better than we deserve? How can we help? So what I've got going on this year, I've paid almost just under $20,000 off in debt, including just credit cards.


And I've already cut my truck payment, or I'm sorry, my truck loan in half. Good for you. Good. so I've got 14,000 left and I basically stay with my girlfriend pretty much every night. I have an apartment, she has a house that will be paid off by the end of this year. We plan on moving in together next month when my lease is up. so I will be able to save basically half of my rent and all utilities that come with it. But she's a very big Dave Ramsey follower as well. And I guess our question is, would you support that? Because I know the whole don't play house if you're not married. But th this is the one and that is my goal, Then marry to Marry her next year.


Marry her. Yes, sir. Before you move in, how old are you? Okay, I'm 27. Okay. Someday you're gonna have a daughter. How you want a guy to treat her? End of story. End of story. End of story. We're not blaming sex convenience on money saving. So if you, you, if you wanna get married, get married. If you don't quit acting like it. You asked me Percent. Yeah, I was gonna say the, he said, the way he set it up, I was like, Dave is about to come through like a freight train.


But you, you showed restraint. Good job. Well, I'm, I'm, you know, I, I get it. I understand it and I understand how your brain has worked your way through this, but all the data tells us that the high highest quality marriage does not occur with people that first lived together. All the data tells us your highest probability of marriage success. I've been married 43 years, And, we hadn't killed each other yet. So we call that a success. That's in the success column. We're both alive and, you know, and, and so if that, if you want to, you know, check the box, all the data says that the best probability of getting there, and nobody talks about this.


That's Very, yeah, that's data. What you're saying Is, it's like, it's like the culture. It's like, it's like you're not allowed to see that. You're telling people that. Well, you shouldn't ask if you don't want me to say it. So I just tell you, if you were dating one of my daughters or you or my son, I'd give you the exact same answer I just gave you. Sir, I love you so much. I want good things for you. If you want to live with a young lady, marry her first. this is The Ramsey Show Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships.


Jade Washau Ramsey personality is my co-host. Thank you for joining us America. We're so glad you're here. Open. phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five five. April is with us in Detroit. Hi April. Hi, how are you? Great. What's up? I was calling to see if I should buy a new car. I have put about over $6,000 in the car over the last less than two months. And I am a, a single parent, so I'm just like, I'm a little overwhelmed with the amount of money that I'm dumping into the cart.


And $6,000 in two months. Did you rebuild it? I had to put a new transmission in. Ah. And then this morning my car wouldn't start and the tow truck driver told me that I could possibly be looking at a new engine. Oh my gosh. They did. However, call me back and let me know that it would be a new starter. so I would be looking at another $600. So when I look at the value of my car, it is around $7,000. But I also have a daughter that is going into high school and I just want to make sure that I have something that is good on the road, but at the same time, I'm not trying to go into more debt.


You owe money on the $7,000 car? Yes. Oh, how much? Oh, well not if I buy a new car. No, honey. How much do you owe on the $7,000 car? Oh, I owe 4,800. Okay. Okay. Do you have any money laying around at all? Just, I'm trying to get a Snapshot. I have about $5,000 left. Okay. And all of this money is coming out of my savings that I put to the side to buy a house. What do you have set aside the five thousand's.


All that's left period? Yes. Okay. So I'm a bit just frustrated. Yeah, I bet. Because how much did you start with? I was like right around 12,000. I'm sorry. What's your income? I make around 65,000 a year. Okay, Good. You know, for me, I'm gonna, I would, I'd wanna start looking and seeing what's out there. You know, your car's worth 7,000, you owe 4,800 on it. If you sold it, what would you get? Seven.


Yeah. And I, look, I looked up the Kelly Blue book that it said at a great price I could get about 65 $7,000. Yeah. I would probably try to get out of it and put some more money with it and get into something else. But this time around I would do a lot more research on getting the car. If I were in your shoes, I'd be asking around, does anybody have a car that they're selling? Is there anybody at my church who has a car and they were the only driver and I can get into it for super cheap. That's the type of research I'd want to do because it, you know, you do, if you're gonna choose an older car with more miles, you do want to know what you're getting into.


Yeah. Here, here, flat out here's what you're looking for. Okay. You're looking for a car that no one thinks is impressive. All we're looking for is reliability. Okay. Okay. You, you would trade What, what kind of car have you got now? A 2016 Ford Fusion. Okay. Alright. So we want to get a car that has a little bit of size to it, a little bit of substance to it. And the drivetrain and the engine have a little bit of oomph to them. They're not being strained every time you start the stupid thing. And these, these little baby cars, they're always in a strain.


And so it's always a problem. And so you're looking for something like a used Camry, a used a cord, I used Taurus, something like that. In that, in that family of mid-sized vehicles, you're looking for something that probably is gonna have to have a name because it's ugly, old blue, big red Bessie. Okay. Okay. But Bessie has very few miles. A horrible paint job in the interior is not much. The radio might not work, certainly doesn't have Apple play.


Okay? So Bessie is 100% of the time gonna turn on when you turn the key and get you there. And 100% of the time is not gonna get you a date. And I'm okay with that. Okay. As long as I get to where I need to Go for me. Yeah. That's what we're after. We, so you get my point. I call them garage sale cars. 'cause sometimes you'll find a $5,000 car like that in the garage of a granny who's died and they're having an estate sale and it's got dust half an inch thick on it. And It smells like Estee Lauder inside. Right? That's the kind of car you're looking for. False. That's, that's the one I want right there because she has, you know, it, it's faded.


And so nobody knows how much love is left in this thing, but there's a lot of love left in it. That's the type of vehicle you're looking for. The second piece of advice I'll give you, do you have family in the area? I do, But not. Okay. Are you in a good, are you in a good church? Yes, I am. Okay, good. Get a guy from one of those two pools from church or family that knows a little bit about vehicles to help you shop for two reasons. One is they'll give you information, but I think you're capable of doing it. Two is sometimes people that are selling cars are the most sexist human beings on the planet.


And an ugly guy standing there who don't know nothing, oh, get further than a brilliant woman standing there. And that's not right, but it is a fact. And so if you got your old Uncle Henry standing there and he's scratching his armpit and he just shakes his head, that sometimes will make you a thousand dollars on the dad gum in on negotiation. You follow me? Yes. And so And It might be that Uncle Henry actually knows something about a car too. That'd be a handy. And, and so you don't step off into it again. Then the last thing I'll give you is this. Two more things. I can't stop 'cause you're just, you're, I think you're incredible. Okay. You've been fighting a battle all by yourself and been losing and, and you just called us just to say, I don't know what to do.


I'm scared. And I think you're, I think you're stronger than you think you are. You're a warrior princess. Okay. So here's the deal. The next time you have a $7,000 car, never put $6,000 in it again. You cut bait sooner than that. Okay? We don't spend $6,000 on a 7,000 car. We sell it for salvage and take the $6,000 and buy a good car. Okay? You don't put more in a car than it's worth. And then the last thing in this series of instructions I'm giving you is this too shall pass. You're still gonna get a house. It's just gonna be a little bit longer than you thought it was 'cause of this car.


But you're still gonna get there. You're still gonna win. And 10 years from now, this'll be a story you tell your kids about the time you went and bought old Bessie. And you're gonna be okay. this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, Rachel Cruz here. You know, some people think budgeting means they can't have any fun with money. And I know this because that was me. But the truth is, budgeting doesn't limit your freedom. It actually gives you freedom. A budget is simply telling your money where to go. And the best way to do this is with EveryDollar, my favorite budgeting app. It'll help you create a plan for your money that fits your lifestyle. So whether it's a spontaneous date night or an epic Disney cruise budget for some fun, download EveryDollar for free today.


Jade Washau, Ramsey personality bestselling author is my co-host, speaking of bestselling author is one of my good friends. Dr. Henry Cloud dropped by. He is the author of the famous book, boundaries among many others and Integrity and Necessary Endings. And, and and and and many others. And Henry and I inside baseball are good friends. We, we spend a lot of time together, our wives do. And last winter he sent me a manuscript and I was sitting and reading it and tears running down my face. And I went, Henry, this is a different Henry Cloud book. this is way different than anything you've done. The new book is out. It is officially a national bestseller.


It came out a couple of weeks ago why I believe a psychologist's thoughts on suffering miracle science and faith. This book is different for you And. It was real personal, real vulnerable for you, wasn't it? It was very vulnerable. I never had done that before. You know, I write books on psychology and business and, and sometimes how faith interacts with that. I never had written one on faith And It. It's probably the easiest way to summarize it is in the preface. It starts with I have a problem and this book is my attempt to solve it. I love God.


I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that he's real. He is proven that to me for decades. That's not my problem. My problem is I love my friends and many of them don't know him. And I struggle sometimes with how to talk to him. It's just a hard conversation with some people. And you know, it's divisive for some people. They feel threatened, they feel uneasy. They feel like you're trying to convert 'em. And I had so many friends in business and other places that we just never have gotten into that conversation. I said, dad, comet, that's not being a good friend either. I'm gonna solve my problem. So all the things we never talked about, why I believe, Why I believe this is why I'm, why, why you're, I'm one, why I'm one of those weirdos.


Why you're one of those Christians. Yeah. One of us Christians, I like it. But the, the attack you, the, the way you go at it, the approach is almost like, like you're solving the objections. It's like, okay, you think this, but here's what I see. And then some people think this and this is what I see. And, and yeah. And you walk through several different chapters on that and how suffering miracles, science and faith all can coexist. Yeah. It started, I didn't know any other way to do it except tell my story, which came outta deep suffering. I mean, I was almost non-functional, depressed way back when and reached out to God one day, didn't know if he was really there or not.


And he showed up. And you know, the book goes through the whole sad story, how he took me from hitting the pavement to being above the waterline, how he healed me. But then also a lot of miracles that I've seen along the way. And the why I believe started out with me realizing that he was real. But then when I, when I became a Christian in a real way, all of a sudden I had all these intellectual quandaries. 'cause everybody told me, you know, science is disproving the Bible. It's a bunch of myths and all this. so I did a deep dive for a long time into those Questions. As an intellectual, you gotta, you got a problem. Yeah. You put your brain in a jar or something.


And so the book kind of also goes through how those questions were resolved for me. And then it ends up with one area of science actually knows something about. And that's psychology. And I talk about how the science of psychology proved the Bible to me to be true. Mm. And a lot of people know you as one of America's great psychologist, and you've written and spoken all over the world on these subjects. But I, I don't think a lot of people know the story. That you actually are a wounded healer. That you actually came out of the, the way you got into psychology was you discovered it on, on your own path to healing.


Right. You know, one of my favorite, favorite verses says, we comfort others with the comfort by which God has comforted. It's sort of like your story. I mean, you didn't start off above the waterline in finance, No bankrupt. Yeah. But coming through struggle, you learn things. And when, what I learned in that struggle was that there are real answers to healing. I mean, we can heal from this stuff, major stuff, you know, PTSD, depression, anxiety, all of that. But there's, there are, there are ways that, that has to happen. And God took me through those and then I learned more about 'em.


And slowly I just realized, gosh, that's something I wanted to give my life to. And that's how it happened. Yeah. You know, I, I'm a Christian person too. I'm Christ follower. And I think the Number, one thing that people have a hard time reconciling is if God is real, why is there, why is there so much suffering? You know? Yeah. Why would all these horrible things be happening? And so it sounds like you're talking about that very question I did get inside of this book, I question very pretty deeply. Yeah. 'cause that's, to me, that's the hardest one. Absolutely. It's by and, and especially when people are in deep suffering. Not only the big existential, you know, meta theological question of if God's good and all powerful, why all this stuff?


But it's way more personal that for people, it's like, you know, why is my child suffering? Yeah. Why was I abused? Where was God then why doesn't he stop all this And we know. And if you, you don't have to scratch the internet too deep to find out, God still heals today, miraculous things. But then what about the people that aren't healed? 'cause they're in the pain. And that question, to me, that's the hardest one of all and went pretty deeply into that one. What about the scientific side of it? Because for a lot of folks, there's almost like that curse of knowledge. It's like, I know so much and I I rely so much on logic and these other sides of things. Yeah. That for a lot of people, it just doesn't feel, it just feels more like a fairytale than like Well it, it does feel like a fairytale if we've been told fairytales.


And you know, if you talk to most people, well, you know, I don't believe in faith. I believe in science. And you go very deeply into that. And you, if you know enough to ask the questions, a lot of people just repeat that line to you. But when I went deeply into it, the first thing that really d dawned on me and clearly emerged was, this isn't an IQ question. It's not like dumb people believe in this and smart people don't. When they get into the science and the various fields which are talked about, you know, astrophysics and cell biology and, and all of this deep, deep stuff.


So many of the leading scientists themselves, the science led them to faith. I mean, you could start with complicated design, but what what actually gets into, when you begin to see science can only look at what exists and examine what exists, then you have to jump into faith both on the atheistic side and the science and the believing side that atheists have to say, well, since there's no God, it must have just happened once. We must have gotten something from nothing. We must have gotten life from non-life. And that's an act of faith too.


And so we're not really talking about science versus faith. We're talking about faith versus faith when you get past the science, because you gotta interpret what is somehow it takes a lot more faith for me and a lot of other people especially really, really like, like, you know, Francis Collins, the, the, the guy that un mapped all the human genome and the, all of that. That's what brought him to faith. Mm. So it's not like idiots only believe, I hear you, the smart people that the science drove them to. Faith.


Sir Isaac Newton. Yep. Yeah. Even Darwin, one of my favorite things I put in the book, Darwin himself said, the human eye causes me to shutter. It takes a lot of faith to think a, a booger, a piece of goo turned into that thing that does all that it does. Wow. That's human eye. Yeah. That, that's evolution. The essence of it. The book is why I believe by Dr. Henry Cloud, New York Times bestselling author of boundaries and many others, many times over. He's been informing you about a lot of things in your life over the years.


And now he's talking about why he believes why I believe Dr. Henry Cloud. Be sure and check it out boys and girls. I read it in manuscript form. I've endorsed it. I'm probably on here. Yeah, there I am. Right there on the back. Who knew? There it is. And that's what happens when you're friends. It's a good book. Worth the read. Good to see you my friend. It's Good to see y'all. Thanks Dr. Henry Cloud. this is The Ramsey Show


listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruisers selling fast. this is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


You guys notice real estate out there is weird right now. It's weird if you're gonna buy a house in this current environment and you should, if you're ready, 'cause they're not going anywhere but up, you need a really good real estate agent in your corner. If you're gonna sell a house in this current environment, you need a really good real estate agent in your corner. And I'm not talking about your Uncle Henry who got his license three weeks ago and had never sold a house and his life and he's gonna sell your 300,000 house. That's dumb. Just tell Uncle Henry you love him. But no thanks. Get somebody that's an actual pro that does 50, a hundred, 200 transactions a year and knows what the flip they're doing. That's who Ramsey Trusted agents are. We don't have anybody in the Ramsey Trusted real estate agent program that's not a high producer, high octane, high protein getter done, proven track record. That's, and and by the way, they know the Ramsey stuff inside and out. And so they're not gonna give you advice that's contrary to what you're hearing here on the air either. We call them ELPs endorsed local providers. They live there in your neighborhood, but they're the best of the best in your area. And they have become Ramsey Trusted agents. Be sure and check 'em out. If you wanna find out who is Ramsey Trusted in your area, you can do that for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Then you talk to 'em and you interview 'em and see if you find the same thing that we found when we talked to 'em. And, we interviewed them. And, we coached them because we do all of those things.


Yeah. Marie is with us. Marie's in Philadelphia. Hi Marie, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I'm currently living in hotels. I can't seem to find an apartment. I've been looking for a roommate. What? What should I do? You can't seem to find an apartment. Why? My credit score is abysmal. Okay. Are you working? Yes. What do you make full time? What do you make? I take in 87 a year before taxes.


$87,000 a year? Yep. Good for you. What do you do? I'm an occupational therapist. How'd you end up homeless? Well, I moved from state to state for for love and a relationship and that did not work out. And my only real option at the time was to find a hotel for temporary housing and I really didn't have anything saved up. I wasn't prepared. I, Yeah.


Do you have any money now? No, I'm basically spending $2,200 a month just to keep a roof over my head and Yeah. But you make 87,000. Yeah. You must have a lot of debt payments. Where else is your money going? Yeah, So I have a car lease and I have my student loan debt. How much are the student loans? Tell me the amounts if you don't mind. Yeah, I I think they're probably at 2 75 right now in student loan debt. Thousand $275,000?


Yes. Okay. What else? And then, you know, car insurance, insurance, my phone and food. That's really what I've got money for. Tell me about the car lease. It ends next month. Okay, good. That's about $340 a month. Okay. I'm not even sure if I'm gonna be able to get a car by the time that's over. So Dave asked you the question, And It was kind of a vague answer. I wanna know financially what put you here, because you've got the 2 75 in student loans. How much is that for you per month with your income? It's about a thousand dollars a month.


Okay. Are you current? No. Have you been paying it? No. Are are they federal? Part of them are federal and part of them are private. Okay. Marie, I'm, I'm struggling. Okay. You've not paid that. You paid a $300 payment, you make 87,000 and you paid a hotel bill. That's all you've done. Where is all your money going kiddo? It is going to eating out. I only have a microwave here, so I can't really cook traditional meals.


So I'm eating out and just trying to survive with food and drink. And it goes to my phone Bill. My Eighty eighty four, eighty 4,000 is $7,000 a month minus taxes. You should be getting $5,000 a month coming home. I take home 2200 every two weeks because I put in about like $300 every paycheck into my 401k. Well, I reckon you need to stop that. Okay. Let's stop, let's stop your 401k and that gets you to 4,800. Then take home pay, which is pretty close to what I'm talking about.


And then you can start to, even with eating out and even with a hotel bill, you can still stack some cash. So I I I'm gonna, I can't tell what's going on in the numbers, but numbers generally talk to me 'cause I've done this a long time. so I think what I'm hearing is a highly educated, very intelligent lady whose heart got broken. Oh, let me take that further. Got crushed. And you've been in a spiral emotionally since and everything's outta control. Yes. Is that right? Yes.


Okay. All right. Because the numbers aren't telling me anything else, it 'cause you're too smart. You're too intellectually bright to have to be in this situation. If you were, if you were functioning in a, at a normal level and right now you've, you're functioning with a broken heart and it's, it's clouding everything. You're spending all of your calories and your emotional energy going over and over and over and over this and feeling ashamed for having chased somebody that dumped you and feeling bad that the guy wasn't worth your trouble and all the different things or whatever it is we do when we're in your situation. And normal humans do it. So you're not a bad person, you're not a weak person. You're just been stomped on And It and you're hurting And It causes your math to get screwed up.


Does that make sense? Yeah. Okay, because here's the, here's what I hear. You've got plenty of money to go rent an apartment. Lots of places will rent somebody with bad credit. An apartment, you just put up a good deposit and you get out of 2200 a month and you get straightened out. Where did you move from to move to Philadelphia? I moved from Borhees. Where's that? In New Jersey. Okay. Okay. So just down, just, just a few hours away. Do you have family back there? My mom is further south in Jersey down by the shore and my dad is in South Carolina.


How's your relationship with either one of them? Awful. We don't talk, we're not speaking. Alright, here, here's what I want you to do. Jayden and I are gonna help you. All right? We've got Ramsey preferred coaches that we have trained to coach people on finances. Okay? Okay. I'm go, I'm going to pay for you to have one for free is my gift. Thank you. Because You're hurting and you need somebody to put their arms around you and we're the people that are gonna do it. Okay? And then thank you. Then I'm also gonna have that person recommend to you to get plugged into a good local church and between the coaching on put, pulling the money together to deal with an apartment and to deal with getting an inexpensive paid for car.


With this lease running out, we're gonna get you back to sustainability. Okay? But you need some human beings in your life because you're wandering out there in the middle of a huge crowd called Philadelphia. Completely alone. Yeah. Yeah. And that's not that, that, that's not gonna lead you to where you want to go. You need community, you need human beings with their arms around you, helping you, loving you, and showing you the way and even maybe helping you a little bit with the money stuff. But we're not gonna give you money. We're just gonna, you got plenty of money, your money's just outta control because your heart's messed up. Okay? Yeah. So we'll walk with you kiddo, and you need to get out of this hotel and you need to get outta this lease and you need to throw your shoulders back and get your dignity back 'cause you're worth way more than you sound like you think you're worth.


So you hold on and we'll pick up, we're gonna get you hooked up with one of our coaches and they'll plug you into a good church. And between the two, we're gonna get you in community and get yourself squared around. Hang on kiddo. this is The Ramsey Show. Our scripture today, Isaiah 58 11. The Lord will guide you always. He will satisfy your needs in a sun scorched land. And will strengthen your frame. You'll be like a well watered garden like a spring whose waters never fail. Hmm. That's for our last caller. Yeah. Elizabeth Elliot said of one thing.


I am perfectly sure God's story never ends with ashes. Ooh, you know what? Mini rant. Because that and the last caller. And the caller before with the car that was breaking down. I think the Number, one factor that people sleep on is community. I think it's the Number one thing when it comes to your life and your money, having a church family, a community around you. And here's the thing, I get it. Like anybody listening, they're like, Jay, I don't follow Jesus. I'm not into that. I really don't care. Being in a place where people will love you and care for you, it is such an answer that it's a place where you can go when you need somebody to look after the kids.


It's a place where you can go. If you need somebody to help you, go down the car dealership and buy the right car. Somebody who has a car that they're selling, it's someplace where you can go, where your heartbroken and people will put their arms around you and pray with you. It's a place where you can go when the election is going crazy and you don't, you are fearful of the future. There's so many things that come up in normal everyday life that, I mean, we say it all the time. You don't wanna go through life alone. And, It is the num. I'm telling you, it's the Number one thing that will help you keep it together in life. That's it. That's all I have to say. No Community. It psychologists say it regulates. Yeah. You regulate yourself off of others and you only go crazy in your own head.


You don't do that. 'cause you know, even if your family's nuts, I mean, in her case, her, she's estranged from her mother and father both. Yeah. And they're separated obviously. Yeah. Divorced probably, or whatever. I don't know what her story was, but you know, that that's, you know, I grew up on a street in suburban Nashville. And, It was like a, something out of a, a book, you know, like we didn't knock on the neighbor's door. We just walked in. Yeah. We all the kids played hide and seek outside until 10 o'clock at night. We jumped over plywood in the middle of the street on our bicycles. And yes, we had no helmets. It was a long time ago. I'm a dinosaur and, but I gotta tell you, if, if a neighbor built a deck on the back of their house, all of the kids and the men from the neighborhood were up there swinging a hammer.


Yeah. At 12 years old, I'm driving nails in the neighbor's deck. I can show you the nails I put in, you know, like I knew what I was doing, but, you know, that was what we were taught. That you're there for your neighbor, you're there for each other. You're in community. If, I mean, my grandmother died, I remember. And my parents jumped in the car and took off and dropped us on the front porch of one of the neighbor's houses. Yeah. And took off, you know, to go, to take, to go, you know, eight, eight hours away and so on. And so, you know, that's the kind of, you've gotta have, it's a support system. You're not sustainable as standalone. Yeah. And Dr. Delony talks about this a lot, that we are the loneliest culture at this moment in time.


And I don't know exactly if I was gonna, I don't know if we need to blame that on something or not, but if you were gonna blame it on something, I think I blame it on the smartphone. I, I 100% would blame it on that. And the, the idea that people got confused at some point, that Facebook friends are real friends. Yeah. They're not, they're not there at two o'clock in the morning to help you change a tire. I'm just telling you, you're, you know, you, you gotta drop one kid off. 'cause you're going to have the other kid and the, and the, you know, you're getting ready to have the fir the second baby, you know? No Facebook friend, that's it. No, they're not real. No, they're, they're virtual, which means not real by definition.


And, and so this idea that, and, and we've gotten disconnected, you know, we don't need to go next door for a cup of sugar. Yeah. How long, how old is that? Is that 1950s or 1970s? I don't know. But I, I was raised in the sixties and seventies as a kid, so we literally, not metaphorically. Yeah. Literally walk next door for a cup of sugar. Mama would say, go over to Irene's and she'd call with a phone that was connected to the wall. And Irene would meet little skinhead Dave with his shaved head at the front door. No, I wasn't a skinhead. I had a skinned head.


I got you. Dave. Just be clear for you idiots out there on the internet, but you know, you're right. Yeah. That's mad. That stuff you don't, if you want to talk about privilege regardless of race, that's a privilege. It is. And you have to work. Quadruple is hard to create it because like you said, that digitization that's taken place, you have to say to yourself, you know what, I'm, I'm making a batch of cookies. I'm gonna make a second one and bring it to the neighbors too. Or I'm gonna share this with them. You have to make, create these opportunities to share your life with people. It's, it's, it, it's because it's weird now. It's weird now it's it Yeah. That's right. That's true. But you can't do life alone, man is not meant to be alone. And I, I hear that sometimes in these calls.


I'm like, this person doesn't have anybody to reach out to. And you know, the moral of my story here was there's always someplace you can get plugged in. And maybe it's not your neighbors, but there's always a good church community somewhere that you can get plugged into. But you, you gotta get plugged him. So important. Yeah. Well, I, I once met a, a jerk who went to church. Well, good. That's where he needed to be. 100%. He needed to be in church. That's where jerks ought to be. It's their only shot. Yeah. Of not being a jerk. It's your only shot. Zig Ziglar used to say, he says, I can't go to church. There's hypocrites there. Hey, wait a minute.


I'm confused. Where did you want 'em to be? Right. You know, where'd you want those hypocrites to hang out? What's their only shot, man? I know, right? Oh my gosh. So true. So it, you're, you're exactly right. There is a connectivity thing here, and the quality of your character has shifted. Yeah. Your fears are, it, it's weird that your fears in your own head can become this monstrous boogeyman, but when you actually sit down with a friend or someone who cares. Yeah. Really cares. Yeah. And you spit them out of your mouth by the time they come out of your head and land on the table in front of you, they're little tiny, low fears.


They're kind of cute, but in your head, they were a big freaking deal. Oh yeah. And that's what community does. It does. Sometimes this show does that. Sometimes. We're your community. Oh, 100%. We're okay with being part of it, but we're not real either. So we're virtual. Well, I mean, we're people on the other end of a podcast. For God's sakes. For God's. It's true sake. We are YouTubers. That's the lowest. I mean, right there. That's the bottom of the barrel. so I mean you don't want YouTubers as your community. I'm just saying. So And, we we're Bottom of the barrel. We're big time YouTubers, man. I'm telling you. I mean, we're on TikTok. If you didn't, if that didn't ruin it, just tell 'em the truth. We're on TikTok. Oh God. That right there ruins it. I had a video that did 7.7 million on TikTok and I didn't know how to feel about it.


I'm like, is this a good thing or a bad thing? This is questionable. It's Questionable. It's questionable. But yeah. Community, real, Real people. Real, real community, real human beings. Physically in your presence that you sit down and they turn off the television, they lay the phone down. Face down. Yeah. With a buzzer off and the ringer turned. Yeah. And all this. And they just sit and they're humans and they're be with you. Delony is spending a lot of time talking about this. As a matter of fact, it's one of the six things you do for building a non-anxious life. Yes. Is to build community. And you have to be intentional about it in a world that has forgotten how to do It. 100%. Gotta work somewhere. I'll go with your mini rant. It's not even a mini rant. It's amazing. Yeah. Full segment.


Full segment rant. It is. We got there. Yeah. Don't sleep on tv. I like it. It's a good, good plan. But we did, there's a pattern in some of the calls that we've taken throughout the show today. Yeah. Certainly in the last hour or so. And It does tie back to relationship issues. It ties back to community. It ties back to support systems and sustainability. And all of those things are tied into left alone. We're just all weird. We're all weird. That's so true. We're all weird. And like you said, you, you can go crazy in your own head. Yeah. And then take up residence there free. Yeah. I mean, you get, and you get desperate.


You know, when you feel like you don't have anywhere to look, it's like, oh, these are my only choices. I'm like, no, you need somebody with some sense to tell you otherwise. Well, Because one of the things, when you're in pain, you lose perspective and you, you think that it, you know it's gonna end in ashes. And what Elizabeth Elliot said. One thing. I'm perfectly sure God's story never ends in ashes. That puts us sour of The, Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace, and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace, Christ Jesus.


Hey folks, Dave here. You want to hear even more life-changing content from Ramsey. Download the Ramsey Network app so you can catch all your favorite shows all in one place like The, Ramsey Show Smart Money Happy Hour, and The Dr John Delony Show. You'll get real talk about life, relationships, money, and your career. Plus the app lets you browse by topic like debt business or selling your home. Get the content you want whenever and wherever you wanna listen. Download the Ramsey Network app today.