(19s):
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Open phones, this hour at Triple Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Number one bestselling author Ken Coleman, Ramsey personality and author of the latest bestseller. Find the Work You're Wired to Do. Ken is my co-host today, fresh back from doing your Jim Kori impression. He was in Barbados Yes. With his family.

(60s):
Yeah. Just in time for the hurricane to hit. So exciting. So you are a hurricane survivor now? I Am very excited. Thankfully it went south of us about a hundred miles south of us and so we, we didn't have too much of an issue with it. If you Watch the news, it blew Barbados away. I know. Well, it was terrifying to everybody else but me and I got in trouble in my own house. Are Are you Storm dad? Do you go out And? what? Stand and watch the storm outside. Are you Storm Dad? I, I had the sliding doors open, sliding Doors. And, we had Glass sliding doors. Yeah. I had 'em open until about midnight as we, as it approached. And they said it was gonna hit the island at about, or it was gonna come close to us. At this point we felt pretty good. It was gonna go south of us, but yeah, it was freaking the kids out.

(1m 40s):
But I was enjoying the blustery winds at that point. And when we lost power at two 30, everybody else was a little freaked out. And I did go outside for a bit because at that point it was tropical storm winds. I wasn't in danger. And I am the guy who does stick his nose out there to see what's going on. Yeah, yeah. I'm a little curious. Probably too Curious. I, I stand in the middle of the street watching for tornadoes. I'm, I'm Storm dad. I'm like that too, Too. My kids call me. Yeah, yeah. Very much. Consequently, I've got, what Does that say about us? I don't know. We don't, I mean, you we're not, you just called a hurricane blustery. Well, it it's what you, I just heard that Well, it, it was a tropical storm. No, Ken Coleman thinks a hurricane's blustery. No, it was at, in, in our neck of the woods. It went south of us.

(2m 21s):
For the record, I grew up, I grew up in Virginia on the coast, so I've been through these scares my whole life. So that's why the pulse rate was pretty low. But I will tell you that anything 80 to a hundred miles away, you're not in danger. Meaning the outer band of the storm, nobody cares. But this is my gym kid, or the outer bands. The right side of a hurricane is always the d most dangerous. So when you're about 80 to a hundred miles out, there's really nothing to be scared about. And so I wasn't, I was watching it. I was paying attention and, but my, I my wife pulled me aside At one point, by the way, Sharon Ramsey and Stacey were texting. Sharon was checking in on us. Dave not worried about me at all. I just emailed and said, are you alive?

(3m 1s):
I know it was funny. I appreciated that. But the Stacey pulled me aside and said, you need to be more sensitive to the kids' fears. Uhuh. They were irritated that I was so calm about it. Yeah. In other words, dismissive you, You should add to the drama. That's, that's the, I like it. That's not the dad's job. Thank you. It's not the dad's job to add to the drama. Yeah. Which I Did. Unless going outside and getting ConEd on the head with a palm tree because you're standing outside in the middle of a hurricane. Well, You'd be proud of me. I did call the property owner and I introduced a new concept to them in Barbados. I said, do you board up the windows? Our master bedroom, we had rented a house. And, It. It had glass windows.

(3m 42s):
Everything else had wood shutters on it. So it was fine. And he said, we don't do that here. I said, well, listen, I'm not gonna ask you to do it. But I think for the people who own this property, they probably appreciate it. And two hours later, Dave plywood going up on the window. so I introduced a Yeah. this is what we do in Virginia. Yeah. You made Home Depot. You made Home Depot Barbados some money. I did, Yeah. All right. That's so, I did introduce that and I told the kids we're fine. We've got the windows boarded up so everybody can relax. I love it. Ginger's in New York. Hi Ginger. Welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Good, good afternoon. how are you Better than I deserve? What's up in your world? I'm from Of course New York, and I have an opportunity, I can afford my lifestyle here.

(4m 23s):
And I do have an opportunity, another job in another state down south. Being that I'm, you know, currently debt, I'm, I'm in a lot of debt at the moment. I just was trying to get, you know, a little understanding of what your viewpoint might be. Do I stay in my city that I'm comfortable with, or do I now relocate again to You can't afford your lifestyle? No. How is that comfortable? It's not okay. I think you're professionally comfortable is what you're saying. Is that what I'm hearing? Yes. Yeah. Yes. Let me ask this. The job down south, does it forward you in your career or is it a complete pivot?

(5m 8s):
It something I did previously. It would be children's services. I've done children's services before, not saying I would want to do it again. I am in school for court reporting. So that's something I am gear towards. So do they have court reporters in the south? They do Of course. Okay. And so how much of a pay bump would there be if you go down south? No, New York. How much more money would you be making if you take this new job in the South? No, I wouldn't be making more. I probably would be making maybe almost the same. But The cost of living. How much have you factored in cost of living being less?

(5m 52s):
Yes, I have factored cost of living being less. How much new margin, and I'm talking about real money in a budget. Would that now present to you, if we take this job each month, you would now have this much more money because of cost of living reduction? What would that look like? I think that'll be at least four to $500. It's a no brainer. It's a no brainer for me. I'll tell you why. You're in school to be a court reporter. You can't afford to deliver. You are now, you're not gonna stay in the career that you're in in New York City. Correct. And let's go reduce our expenses while we're getting qualified. Maybe even have to press pause for a little bit on the court reporting school. That's a possibility to press pause, because then we get our mess cleaned up from the debt standpoint, create more margin, and I can pivot into court reporting in the south.

(6m 37s):
Or if I wanna come back to the northeast after I've got my mess cleaned up, then I can do that. Right. But I just think going south right now is a great option For you. Yeah. You got ginger. Okay. You called me up and said, Dave, I'm drowning, but the water's warm. It's right. Right. Yeah. No, you're, you're gone. Okay. You, you're just, you're, you've set out, there's a, just a, a little fear, insecurity and And It a change. You know, change is always difficult, but, but also sinking and drowning is difficult. So, you know, we're gonna choose our pain here and we're gonna choose pain that has a good upside and it's not that painful. So, yeah. I, I think you've identified correctly what you've gotta do.

(7m 18s):
You, you opened your first line when I picked up the phone was I can't afford my lifestyle here. And so that means something has to change because you're not in Congress, so you can't print money. So we've gotta have some other game plan. And so Ken's exactly right. The this and hey, here's the other thing. Always remember, none of this has to be permanent. That's correct. You can go south, have an adventure, get your income way up and decide you want to come back to New York. There's nothing wrong with that idea. But coming back to New York, you know, with a, a victory parade Yeah.

(7m 59s):
Where you then can afford your lifestyle and because you cleaned up the mess, got the income up, got the career shift done, and did all of that in a, in a cheaper cost of living area and got your foundation. So it's not as if this is a decision that has to be a permanent decision. It it is. It's, you don't want jump and move every three weeks. It's expensive emotionally and financially. But, but sometimes folks go, I'll never be back. Yeah. You can be back. You can just decide to this is The Ramsey Show.

(8m 34s):
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I'm always railing against social media, especially in the summer because everyone uploads the highlight reels of their perfect bodies and their perfect vacations. And they're perfect kids. And I know they're not real. And I know that I'm blessed beyond my wildest dreams, but I still find myself wishing my life was like other people's. And based on the data, I know this is happening to you too. Comparison is wired into us, but comparison can also become the thief of joy because we can feel like we're not enough and begin acting and thinking in ways we would never do otherwise. And when it all gets to be too much, it's time to contact BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. And by the way, therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for all of us who are ready to get out of the comparison spin cycle and find our own peace and joy in the life we are creating. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.

(9m 44s):
Ken Coleman, Ramsey personality is my co-host today, Malachi in Tucson, Arizona. Hey Malachi, how are you? Pretty good. How about yourself Better than I deserve? What's up? Well, I have myself in kind of a financial hole that I'm finding harder to get out of than I expected. I have debt that I'm trying to get rid of, but it just seems like it's not getting anywhere. Hmm. That's no fun. How much debt. have you got brother? I have just about $260,000 of debt. Okay. Gimme a little breakdown on that. What's the, what's the categories?

(10m 24s):
So $250,000 of that is my house and the other I'd say about $10,000 is money that I owe family. You. So you don't owe anything on a car or a credit card or a student loan? I do, I do owe $4,000 on my car. Okay. All right. And, what else? Anything else? No, other than that, that's it. Okay. And so what's your income sir? My income is at $90,000 per year right now. Okay. So why can you not pay these bills with 90,000 bucks?

(11m 5s):
Well, I've been eating away at the debt of my home in just over six months. I've paid $110,000 of it. That's far from being stuck, sir. That's actually imp incredible progress. Yeah. It just doesn't quite feel that way. I have no money in the bank have Well you paid it all on debt. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you're not gonna have money in the bank till you clear the debt. so I would back up and knock the $4,000 card debt and the $10,000 family debt out next before I pay any extra on the house. And then I would put an emergency fund in place of three to six months of expenses.

(11m 47s):
And so I'd put 15,000 bucks in a high yield savings account that's sitting there just for emergencies. And so I just gave you $30,000 worth of an assignment. How quick can you knock 30 out? Well, I would have to figure about six months, maybe less. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds right. Because you're living on nothing. You're, you're game on. I mean, you not got any lifestyle eat eating this up or you wouldn't be making this kind of mathematical progress. Yeah. You're already pretty stinking frugal, aren't you? Yeah, very much so. Yes. I'm thinking Yeah, ba Basically Top Ramen every day. There You go. Yeah. I got a different word for you, Malachi. You don't have an elimination problem, you have an allocation problem and our baby steps, the snowball is where you start here and all of a sudden this momentum is gonna just be unbelievable for you.

(12m 38s):
Yeah. You've just been going about it the wrong way. Get the family and the car off your back and emergency fund in place. Yes. Of 15,000, that's 30,000 worth. Then you go back and start talking about the house again and you don't have to be so intense on the house, you're gonna wander out of that house. You don't have to be quite so fired up about it. So it's interesting though, the way you c opened the phone call with us. It sounded like you were on the verge of bankruptcy or something. Like you were stuck and you, and quite the opposite is true. You're making incredible progress and you, you're living on nothing and applying all of your money towards your goals. So, you know, you're way ahead of the game.

(13m 18s):
You're far from stuck, sir. You're actually very successful. Well, I mean, you know, I, I'm 23 years old, just turned 23 and Phil, I, I just felt I guess off that I have no money in the bank and, you know, Well that's fair. Okay. But, but you know, you, you're, you understand the progress you're making mathematically is pretty incredible. I can see that. Yes. Okay. Alright. I want you to own that. 'cause that's, that helps you continue. 'cause if you feel like you're, you're like you're doing something wrong, you know, you lose your emotional momentum to fight on through. But get the family off your back, not like they're on your back.

(13m 59s):
They may or may not be and get the car off your back. It is definitely there and have 15,000 in the bank. I think that'll put you in a different emotional spot. And then let's, let's turn up the lifestyle a little bit. Like have a life and, and slow down a little bit on paying off the house. I want you to pay it off in, you know, four or five years. Three or four years. So like, I don't know, you're 27 with a paid four house in Tucson, Arizona. That would be a weird Gen Z thing to do. Lovely. You know, I, I wanna point out to our audience, we have a lot of new people joining us all the time and I'm glad Dave, that you're here on this call because this is an example of why so many years ago you created the baby steps to create not just financial momentum, but actually emotional momentum.

(14m 49s):
And so here's a guy who's got his act together. The studio audience is shocked. There's a 23-year-old and he's like, I feel like I'm stuck. Well he's been putting all of his money on the biggest piece of his debt, which is the house. And therefore he has no emotional momentum and that's why he presents this way. And that's the magic of what you created all these years ago. Yeah. The the power of baby steps is you can go anywhere you want to go if you just keep walking. Right. It's just one step at a time. Right. And so he Feels like he's in a hamster wheel right now because he's going at it the wrong order. Yeah. Yeah. And so knock out the little stuff, you know, start achieving some of the goals. So hang on Malachi, I'm gonna send you a copy of the book. The Total Money Makeover. About 10 million people have got it.

(15m 31s):
So it's working and the ba the baby steps are outlined in that and it'll show you exactly what to do and it'll change that because Ken's ripe. What we figured out Malachi, and for the rest of you is, is that personal finance is 80% behavior. It's only 20% head knowledge. The mathematics of wealth building you learn by the sixth grade. It's not rocket science. this is not med school. You don't have to have a master's degree in finance and stati statistics to become wealthy. It's literally sixth grade math. So math is not our problem. It's not bothering to pay attention to the guy in the mirror and his decisions.

(16m 15s):
Malachi is paying attention to the guy in the mirror and is making great progress. Yep. We're just gonna redirect his progress a little bit so he feels it. That's Exactly right. And the, and if you feel it, then that matters because this is behavior. Yeah. So it's all about feedback loops. The, the psychologist would tell you, so you're not gonna keep going to the gym and not quit eating and not stay away from donuts. If you don't lose weight as a result, you're like, bring on the donuts and I'm not sweating if I'm gonna lose, if I'm gonna not lose weight or I'm gonna gain weight, I might as well enjoy it. You know? But if you go to the gym and you stay away from donuts, I'm talking to Dave, then, then you can drop some poundage, right?

(16m 60s):
And then you go, oh well that behavior resulted in a result that I like. so I get a feedback. That's exactly right. I I get feed positive feedback. Keeps me doing it. Yes. That's a feedback loop. And that's, that's where all this comes from and where it goes to. So very, very good stuff. Devin is in Kansas City. Hi Devin. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hey, thank you guys for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Hey, so me and my wife are wanting to know if we are in a good financial spot to make her a stay at home mom, Can you live on your income? I believe so. It's gonna be tighter than what we're used to. Well, Of course After, after budgeting it out and doing our EveryDollar budget.

(17m 42s):
What Do you make? She left after all I make about $56,000 a year. What's she make? She makes about between 20 and 25. How many kids have you got? So we've got one right now and one on the way due in about November. Okay. Well daycare and, and some professional clothing is just about eating up her income. Yeah, she works in a daycare luckily. So We actually Oh well then it's not okay then it's not, so I kind Of bounce Out so she gets 25 plus she gets a deal on the baby daycare. Right? Yeah. And I think we would technically qualify for daycare assistance in Kansas.

(18m 24s):
So that would help out as well. Yeah, I don't even know what that is, but okay. We have daycare assistance. All right, good. That's another government program. It sounds like. It sounds like a joy to me but the But I don't guess you need that if she's gonna be at home. Yeah. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. So, So here's what you do man. Run. Not only run your budget between now and the time she quits live two or three months on your income without touching hers. Okay. And apply all of her income or more to your baby steps and prove to yourself that you can live on your income. Just act like she doesn't have an income and run your household because if she quits she ain't gonna have an income.

(19m 8s):
You better get used to that. this is The, Ramsey Show.

(19m 14s):
If recent times have shown us anything, it's that the least expected events can and will happen. And. we have to deal with them. That's why everyone who has a family counting on them needs term life insurance for over 25 years. The only company I've recommended is Xander. Insurance. That's because Xandr is a broker that works for you. They search all the top term life plans out there and find you the best rates and make the process of getting coverage quick and easy. You can apply online or over the phone in just minutes. And they offer plans with super competitive rates that don't require a medical exam, making it faster and simpler than ever to get the coverage you need. I trust Xandr for all my insurance needs and you can trust them too. Don't put off getting term life insurance until it's too late. Go to xander.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 for a fast and easy quote today. That's xander.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.

(20m 20s):
Ken Coleman Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. The best way to make the most of your money is a plan. Tell your money what to do instead of wondering where it went. Most people, the money comes in, the money goes out. Only the names are changed to protect the innocent, we don't know where it went. That's most people. And then you scratch your head and wonder why you're broke. If you ran a company and your job was to manage money and you manage money the way you manage money for you, you'd get fired for incompetence. So, 'cause if you, if you're working a business, you're supposed to have a budget and then you're supposed to like stick to it and stuff.

(21m 3s):
Hello? That's kind of basic y'all. I mean it is really not hard, but it's hard because it's dealing with me and I gotta look at the teenager and go, no, and I gotta have a discussion with my spouse about spending and you know, we gotta quit eating out every freaking night of our lives and then wondering why we have no retirement because we're eating it. That's why basic stuff like that comes up when you do a budget. Hello.

(21m 36s):
That's why we came that that's why we came up with the idea that EveryDollar needs an assignment. EveryDollar needs a name EveryDollar of your money before the month begins. Needs a mission beside it. You need to send it out there to do stuff for you. You work too hard to be broke. And the only thing that fixes that is giving EveryDollar an assignment. That's why we named the world's best budgeting app EveryDollar. And that's why tens of millions, no exaggeration, tens of millions of people are using EveryDollar every month, the budgeting app to run their budget with their spouse. Download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play or go to EveryDollar dot com and let's get started. Boys and girls, it's time to do this.

(22m 24s):
Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. John's in New York. Hey John, how are You? Hi Dave, how are you sir? Better than I deserve. What's up? Good, good. So I'm around 20, I'm 23 years old and I had around 57,000 liquid cash in the bank and I got kind of screwed over by the car industry twice now. When I was 19 I bought a new Mustang hindsight very bad mistake and obviously I was upside down. And then now I have a Cadillac. Obviously I got a pre-owned, I now that loan is around at 35,000. I just got it about oh eight nine months ago.

(23m 6s):
And then I have student loans of about 25,000. They're not crazy high because I went to community college. I've been listening to you guys for a while and I just wanted to, What do you make? Get your opinion. What's that? What do you make Around 80,000? What do you do? I'm a bartender at my family's restaurant. Okay, Very cool. Very cool. Thank you. Okay. And so your question's, what Should I, 'cause I've watched a couple of your videos. If I should just take the 57,000 and dump it into all the debt and just clear it but then I have nothing left in my account. Or do I like do thousands at a time and knock it down as quick as I can.

(23m 49s):
Okay. Is your goal to be wealthy? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Because you make a lot of money. You're doing really good. Thank you. You work, you must work really hard. I do, yeah. I work six days a weekend. Yeah. And some se serious hours too. Yeah. Good for you. Thank you. Good for you mean you're a pretty sweet spot for 23 years old o overall. I mean, you've done some stupid stuff, so, alright, couple of things that come outta the conversation is one, you did not get screwed by the car industry. You got screwed by you. Yeah. 'cause you walked onto the car lot and you bought a car you couldn't afford 'cause you were acting like a child. Is that fair?

(24m 29s):
Yes. Yeah. Of course. It's okay. You're not a victim, dude. You caused this. Alright. Both times. so I don't know what a guy making 80,000 bucks, that's 23 years old working his butt off needs with a $35,000 Cadillac. Like, I don't know why you have to have that. Right? You might rather have the cash than that. Right? So one option, sell a car and buy a $10,000 car, Right? For cash. And then you don't have to give up all your cash, you just give up the Cadillac. That's the main thing I wanna avoid is I don't wanna just deplete all my savings that I worked for. Yeah, well I mean, it, it, it then the Cadillac's on the, on the block.

(25m 13s):
So I mean if you want to keep the Cadillac, you need to pay it off. Right? So you're all your money's already gone paying it off. You just admit it. Yeah. You've already spent the money, you just hadn't admitted it yet by paying off the debt Of course. Yeah. So you know, it, it's so you can un but you can, you can choose. Okay, do I want, 'cause basically if you sold the car for 35,000 bucks and you took $10,000 of your, and you broke, even got out of it, cleared it, right? Will it bring 35? No, I think it'll bring 24 because I got, I was upside down from the other one.

(25m 55s):
Oh, you rolled negative into it. Okay. Yeah, I I was around 9,000 negative and then I put five. So you're gonna spend 10 of your money, even if you sell it and you're gonna spend another 10 of your money to buy a car and you're gonna spend some money to pay off the student loan debt. Right. And you said, so you said 25 in student loans? Yes sir. Okay, so you're 60 and you got 57, so you don't have enough to pay off everything. Yeah, Quite. But I mean, you're making money and you're used to stacking cash 'cause you, so, alright, the premise is this, if we could get you where you had no payments, student loan and the car payments gone through whatever mechanism, either paying it off or selling the car, either one, right?

(26m 36s):
You choose. You choose, okay. If we can get you where you don't have any payments, but you, most of your money is gone, you without any payments making 80 k, you could stack that cash up real quick. Again, it won't take long. Just a few months. Yeah. Right. I mean you probably save five, 6,000 bucks a month, can't you? If you don't have any payments. Yeah. Are you living at home? I am, yeah. We, me and my mom and dad live above the restaurant. Yeah. So you got almost no overhead. I thought that. Okay. So that's how, that's how the 57 got there. I got some quick numbers here. Good for, I, I wanna run with you here. I think you're still walking away with Dave's plan with 11,000 in cash because if you owe 11, so you're gonna pull 11 out to, 'cause you're upside down, you're gonna spend 10 on another car.

(27m 21s):
So that's 2157 money. 21, it's 36. We owe 25 in student loan. That leaves you with 11 k You debt free and no payments. No payments in a paid for 10,000 car. And you live at home with a pretty secure job. I'm figuring. And you're stacking cash like a Yeah. Boss man, Right? You could, you, you could stack 6,000, I mean in 10 months you'd have 60,000 bucks on top of the 11, you'd have $71,000 in 10 months. I mean, I also have 10,000 in an IRA that I'm maxing out every month as well. Well, I would, I would stop that until we get this mess cleaned up. But if you're gonna clean up the mess in one fell swoop, you don't have to stop it. But you can stack cash. You don't follow me. Especially if you don't have a car payment that's 35 grand.

(28m 2s):
Yeah. And so my, you know, I'm going to use up all my money Yeah. For a hot second. 'cause a month later you're gonna have $10,000 more and a month later you're gonna have $8,000 more and a month later you're gonna have you follow me. Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. So you're not gonna be outta cash for, but just for a few days. Well you still have 11,000 living Home. I know you got 11, but I'm saying he's 50 sevens down to 11 and that's causing emotional distress. Heartburn. A lot of heartburn There. Heartburn, yeah. Right. Yeah, yeah. So, but the point is, it, it's, it's a temporary situation and it's the best path for you to become wealthy. Right? See, because your most powerful wealth building tool is your income and you don't give it all to car companies and student loan companies.

(28m 46s):
You get to keep it right. And that causes wealth building. And that's what I'm gonna tell you to do. so I would be debt free either by selling the Cadillac or not immediately. Even if it caused my heart to burn and keeping in. Because keep in mind your heart's not gonna burn for very long because with no payments and serious motivation called a little bit of fear, you're gonna stack that cash real fast and you'll be right back where you are by Christmas and you'll be a whole 23 years old. Wow. You got lots of time to be smart. Now this is The Ramsey Show.

(29m 28s):
There aren't many places you can save hundreds of dollars a month and still give you great service. Especially with health insurance. That's why Health Trust Financial is the only health insurance company Ramsey recommends Health. Trust. Financial objectively compares the top health insurance providers to meet your needs and budget. And remember, the service is free and there's no commitment. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com. Health Trust Financial dot com.

(30m 0s):
Ken Coleman Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Guys, we could use your help if you will click subscribe or follow on YouTube or Spotify or podcasting or whatever Apple, wherever you are. If you subscribe to us, follow us. It changes the numbers dramatically on how those platforms push our show forward. And new people discover us because you subscribed or followed because you left a five star review because you shared the show. Some of these platforms have a share button where you can just share, send it to your buddy and say, Hey, give these guys a listen or cut the link out and send it in an email.

(30m 44s):
Or if you're listening on talk radio, just say, Hey, I listen to this station. You ought to try these guys out. Just like you tell your friend about a good movie or a good book. Same thing or good Netflix thing you need to binge watch. I'll give you one of those. Have you seen the Steve Martin documentary? No, But I'm a big Steve Martin Fan. Apple tv. Okay. Two, two sections. The old days when he becomes famous. Yeah. And his current days. Yeah. And It is it's Lights Out. I Meant really good. A big fan of his. Well, I mean you, The Behind the scenes stuff he pulls out of his journals when he was Oh wow. About to fail and he almost quit. Yep. And it's, it's, and then he has breakthroughs, you know, and it's just, it's pretty cool.

(31m 25s):
Yeah. so I, see there, I just shared with you guys, I shared you something. I just gave him a free plug. And you're welcome Steve. And he needed our help, I'm sure. Yeah, I'm sure. And but it's good. It's a great documentary. And he's Of course doing his sister as his parents were, it was a wild family situation, man. And It, his sisters on there talking about it. It's, it's, it's pretty cool. Yeah. Pretty Hard. Did cover any of his bluegrass music? Oh Yeah. Yeah, definitely. It's quite the, if the casual fan doesn't know it, he's a wonderful banjo player. World Class. Like incredible. Yeah, Yeah. Been on the Grand Ole Opry with it. Yeah, it's crazy. Elise is with us in Sacramento. Hi Elise, how are You? Hi, thank you so much for having me.

(32m 5s):
I've been listening to the show for almost 10 years now, so it's an honor. So thank you for all you do Brett. Well we're honored to have you. How can we help? I have a career question. So my question is a little background, essentially I am in, in a niche area of nursing and I have made a couple changes in my career the last two years because I essentially was burnt out in what I was doing and I was ready for a change. And so I've made that change and now I'm almost looking into whether I should go back to that other career or essentially reassurance that I'm good where I'm at.

(32m 46s):
Okay. What's making you question this move? I think it's because I have multiple passions in the niche nursing areas that I'm in. And so I have the unique opportunity to be able to also what we call float back and go back and forth. But my question, my questioning to myself is, yeah, But it wasn't fun. The stress. Yeah. Yes. I didn't like it. Why would I float back to something I don't like? I think it delved into, I enjoyed what I did, but the stress eventually got to me. Right. So the question becomes though, so let's stay right there for a quick second.

(33m 27s):
The question is, was that circumstantial or is that a part of the actual gig? And It, doesn't matter what hospital system I'm in, what state? It's the nature of the role. Or was it circumstantial to the environment? That's the real question. The nature of the Role. The stress. It's the Nature of the role. 'cause I Work in multiple hospitals. Yeah. Alright, so here's the deal. So then you have to say, are there things that I have control over that I can do that I didn't do in the past that would allow me to manage the stress? In other words, you know it really well. So are there physical things you could do differently this time? Are there boundary issues when you're not at work?

(34m 8s):
That's my question. Is there anything that you could do the second time around that would alleviate the stress? Possibly. I don't know that I necessarily have any control over it because it's a hospital, right. Things happen and that's the nature of the job. Okay. So that's my point. So that's our answer. Yeah. If you can't control some of the stressors and there's some, there's not something that you can do that would allow you to be in the role and thus manage the stress, then I think that's your answer. It's kind of, it just doesn't make any sense for you to go back to it Just because you can. Yeah. It has a detrimental effect on you physically.

(34m 50s):
I'm Mentally and emotion, I was overstressed and now I'm gonna walk back and do the exact same thing again. That's what you're saying. That's not logical. That's, that's my exact worry that kept coming back. And I think I am looking into, I'm an overthinker so I'm looking into, oh, I missed that role. I miss a lot of aspects of it, but I'm very happy where I'm at now and I make the same amount of money. And so I think to myself, You're done. You're not going back work. Don't go back, work Happier, harder, less stress. Yeah. You're, you're having selective memory about the good parts of the old job that you left because you hated it.

(35m 31s):
Yeah. There's something deep. There's, I mean, you let it go. Just let it go's something deeper Here. And I would just say you have to dig a little bit deeper into this over analytical side of your brain. Boy do I, you're talking to an overthinker, so let me just say I, I get that. But there's something deeper there that makes you keep wondering, am I missing out? Am I missing out? And I think you, I'm gonna tell you, I take a stab at it and I think maybe a session with a counselor might help or a really good friend. I think that you don't trust your own judgment and I think there's something deeper there. But I think that's the source of this. And, and again, when I get into this kind of loop myself in my own life, I'm being very vulnerable and transparent to say, when I overthink, it's because I gotta go back inside and go, what do I not trust in my own judgment and what's behind that?

(36m 22s):
I think that's probably the source of it just to try to help you out here because all the common sense and all the factors here lead to don't go back. Which is why David and I are saying stop thinking. Stay where you are. Yeah. Gary is with us. Gary is in Greensboro, North Carolina. Hi Gary. how are you? I'm doing well. Quick question. When you get outta debt, how do you rewire your thinking or change your thinking? So you're not afraid that you might go back into that? Hmm, That's a great question.

(37m 2s):
Well, I think what, what I did when I went broke was I did an autopsy on my stupidity, Right? And I'm like, okay, that was stupid and that was stupid and I was stupid when I did that and that was stupid. And so I try not, I do a lot of stupid stuff, but I try never to do the same stupid thing over. So if I just go, okay, that's one less stupid thing I know not to do. And so if I, if I do stupid things now, it's new stupid things. Right. You know what I'm saying? And that's kind of how I looked at the debt thing. I looked at it and went, that didn't work. Why would I go back to something that didn't work? It did not bring me joy. You know, it's just not bring me joy. Thank you Marie I. guess I was thinking you worry about having a major housing expense that you can't, that you're not quite fully funded where You just well that's, that's called savings, Right?

(37m 54s):
But what do you do in the meantime before your savings gets to that level? That's kind of where we're at. We're out of debt. We we're working on That's a, thats a different kind of a that's okay. So that's fear of an outside variable coming at you, not you relapsing into stupid hell. Okay. That's a different fear. Right. Okay. so I, I misunderstood you. I'm sorry, I I thought you were talking. So you're saying I don't have enough money to put heat and air in. If my heat and air goes out, what am I gonna do? Exactly. Okay, so how much money have you got saved? Right now? We got about six to 7,000 in savings account. Alright. And what's your household income? About 54,000.

(38m 35s):
Okay. So you'd have to have a 10,000 expense before anything really bad bef before you were back to actually facing the decision about debt. Because if you had a 3000 expense, you'd just do it, right? Correct. If you had a 5,000 expense, you'd just do it. It would hurt, but you'd just do it, Right? Yeah. What would you say to your kids if they came home one day and said, dad, I'm worried about what's gonna happen on this sports team that I just signed up for two, three games in. What would you say to them? Work hard and do your best. Yeah. You're not, don't worry about it. You're not, you're worried about something hadn't happened today, Has enough worry of its own. Yeah. Don't worry about tomorrow.

(39m 16s):
Dale Carnegie did a whole segment on worry and he said the, the statisticians tell us that 80% of what we worry about never occurs. Yeah. That's fascinating. So the number of personal emergencies that a guy making $54,000 has, that's over $6,000 is virtually zero. Virtually zero. So yeah, your statistical probability of that happening is almost none. So you're worrying about something's not gonna happen. Keep piling up. Cash my man. You're gonna be fine. this is Ramsey show.

(39m 48s):
Hey guys, George Kamel here. No matter what platform you use for news or entertainment, you and I both know it is way too hard to keep your feed from getting junked up with bad content. I know I'm not the only one who's gone searching for The Ramsey Show only to find myself two paws and 12 videos deep in a kitten hole on YouTube, which is great, but not what I'm looking for right now. And heck, if you're tuning into this digitally, there's probably some weird scammy suggested content trying to play in the sidebar right now. Cryptocurrency. See what I mean? And that's why I love the Ramsey Network app. It is the best place for uninterrupted easy access to the content that keeps you focused on your goals. It's all Ramsey all the time, which means you don't have to worry about getting off track with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey content. Yep. You heard that right? 7,000. this is your one stop single destination for advice you can trust and nothing you can't. So do yourself a favor, get rid of the distractions and dial things in. All you gotta do is search Ramsey Network app in the app store, or click the link in the show notes to download the Ramsey Network app today Network.

(40m 50s):
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Ken Coleman. Ramsey personality Number one bestselling author host of The Ken. Coleman Show is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Marcus is in Boston. Hey Marcus, how are you? Hey Dave, appreciate you taking my call. Sure. What's up? Hey, so I'm gonna make a long story as short as I can. so I have, I owned my own insurance practice and and financial practice a couple years ago and basically it was cost me more money than what I was making and I pumped all my savings and I even cleared out some Roths to keep it afloat.

(41m 44s):
Well I eventually got out of that and didn't realize the negative ledger that I had, the negative account that I had would go into collections. Well I started paying them, they started calling me on a biweekly basis and then it became, you know, six, seven times a week and I was making consistent payments of 30 to 50 bucks a month. But they stopped calling me and I just want to, you know, I don't want to just think this thing has gone away and that, you know, I should I be worried about them drawing up a lawsuit against me? What, What is the debt for? So I, I actually, I actually did the exact opposite of what you believe in regarding I sold whole life insurance variable whole life and annuities and You know, oh, so this is commission chargebacks Cor.

(42m 36s):
Yeah, yeah, exactly. When you get paid at this, when You get paid, yeah, I paid You're not really getting, I know. Yep. And so these are commission chargebacks. So the company that you used to sell insurance for is gonna sue you? No. so I not yet. I'm just trying. Well, but I'm saying how, how much do you owe them in commission? Chargebacks 1500. So it's really not $1,500. Yeah. What do you make? So it's really not now. Oh right, right now I make a round. I'm on page for 75, but I'm also at another job. And you're also at another job in addition to the 75. No Oh. no, no. so I. Yeah, I work a, a more than full-time job and I'm on pace to make 75 grand.

(43m 19s):
Gotcha. But I got in such a hole with my practice that Oh. no, but $1,500 solves this problem, Right? Yeah. Yeah. And you make 75. Yeah, I'm on. Yeah, yeah, I'm on pace for that. Yeah. Well what's on pace mean? You either make it, are you gonna make it or not? Is it commission again? Right. So Oh no, no. I'm in a totally different field now. I'm in logistics. I do have a stable income, but it does vary on how much I it on whether, how much, so What did you make last month? So I pulled in 6,500, What will you make this month?

(44m 2s):
I'm on page for around let's say 62. Okay. Why can't you justrite 'em a check? I have, I have, you know, I have another range of debts that are frankly far more that, that have far more urgency than these people. I mean, and from a liquidity, like I said, I got in such a hole. I got three behind on my mortgage. How How much debt have you got? Let's say about about seven grand. Are you current on your home? I am. What's the seven grand owed owed to Other credit cards and then a couple medical bills.

(44m 42s):
Okay. So why are they more urgent than these people who are getting ready to sue you? 'cause this life insurance company's gonna sue you, dude, I don't care if they got quiet or not. They're gonna, they're gonna get their chargeback. I've never seen a life insurance company that didn't get a chargeback commission back outta somebody's hide. They're coming for this medical bills might get around to it in two or three years, credit cards in three or four years. But these boys are coming. I don't care whether they're quiet or not. Right. So $8,500 cleans up your entire mess and there's a lot more than $8,500 stress in your voice.

(45m 23s):
I think it's because you got the crap knocked out of you. Oh, I did, I told, like I said, Some of your, some of your confidence. And so this 8,500 bucks, 7,000 of credit cards and medical bills plus 1500 of commission chargebacks feels like 85,000 in your emotions. Yeah, exactly. Because here's the thing, I'm making good, you know, good money subjective, I'm making pretty good money. Yep. But you are, and I am current, but from a liquidity standpoint, you know, I have other investments that are illiquid. I'm not gonna take incur those fees. What I have, like what available right now is two is $2,000. Like other, other investments that are illiquid. Well, like what?

(46m 4s):
I, well I got a couple mutual funds, a couple Ross. Oh, you have mutual funds that are not in a co not in a retirement plan. So, well, so I have I have, do You have any non-retirement investments? So they're all retirement investments right now. I I just opened up, like I said, I just opened up a new Roth. I act, I actually drained my old one. And like I said, if I, if, if I have an emergency fund right now, if something, if my car broke down or something, I have 2000 available liquid. I, you know, I know you're gonna tell me to pay this off 1500.

(46m 46s):
I just did. Yeah. Yeah. But, but what happens is, you know, as soon as you get rid of the money that you have something worse happens. You know, we want that emergency fund. Dude, you are running so scared, you're not even thinking clear. Okay. $8,500 makes your whole stomach unwind and it's in your throat. 8,000 lousy dollars. It's not 85,000 and you make 75,000. You need to sit down and do a written budget tonight. Are you married? No. Okay. You need to sit down and do a written budget detail out exactly where EveryDollar of your money's gonna go this month.

(47m 26s):
List your debts, smallest debt to largest debt and begin to pay them off as soon as possible. Take 1000 of the 2000 and apply to that liquidate all non-retirement investments. I don't want to hear illiquid investments. There's no such thing. Sell the stupid Bitcoin. Sell the stupid whole life policy. Get out of it. Get your money out. You need the money. 'cause honey, if you didn't have, if you didn't have this 8,500 worth of debt, you would've, you, you have so much peace in your life and you could put the rest of this crap in your rear view mirror. Yeah, I I I would get busy too.

(48m 9s):
You know, you can make money. It sounds like you're a single guy. You've got some time. I would be freelancing in the logistics space. I would be, if I have to go drive, deliver, do landscaping just to get yourself some breathing room because you can knock this out really quickly. You just start calculating how many hours would I need to work at x amount of dollars to make an additional $8,500. Just start playing with this and start to see possibilities. You make 6,500 bucks a month, you're a single guy. And so you put $2,000 a month on this, you're done in three months. I agree. Four months. I Think the budget probably takes care of this. Yeah. Sit down, do a budget, sit down, lay out how you're gonna do it. And so $2,000 a month, four months, you're done.

(48m 49s):
That's it. And then you build up your savings a good three to six months of expenses and, and you figured out that. So yeah. So folks, 85% of the people that start in the whole life business as life insurance salesmen are gone in one year. That's what that is. this is The Ramsey Show.

(49m 17s):
Let's face it. Needing antibiotics or other medicines isn't a matter of if it's when there's never a convenient time to be sick. I've been in a pharmacy at midnight because I had a speaking engagement the next day and I realized I was coming down with something. So now I stay prepared and you can too with a medical emergency kit from The, Wellness, Company. Guys, I've got one of these. And the medical emergency kit gives you peace of mind knowing you'll have prescription antibiotics and medicines to treat over 30 common illnesses like strep, throat, pneumonia, bronchitis, UTIs, and more. It's easy to order. Just answer a few online questions and your kit will be shipped directly to your door along with a detailed guidebook. Don't wait and learn the hard way like I did. And maybe you have, you can have the prescriptions before you need them. A medical emergency kit is like having an urgent care in your home. Go to urgent care kit.com/ramsey and use the promo code Ramsey a checkout to save 15%. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey promo code Ramsey

(50m 33s):
Ken Coleman Ramsey personality is our co-host today. Thank you for joining us. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Today's question comes from Jonathan in Massachusetts. Jonathan says, without getting too deep in the weeds about my background, I've always had what I would consider a menial job on a help desk. And I don't see that changing in the future. My concern is about the example I'm setting up for my 5-year-old son. What can I do to ensure he succeeds at his chosen career when the time comes? And how do I encourage him so that he actually does something meaningful with his professional life? I will keep his mind open to trade school possibilities and won't dismiss anything. He simply has to do better than I have.

(51m 13s):
Wow. Man, I wish I could give you a hug, Jonathan. I I I would say to those who feel like Jonathan feels you can change your future, you can change your future professionally. But to the specific question, this is kind of a parenting question on how do we set our kids up so that they can do something meaningful in their professional life? And I think it's a very simple formula that I teach And. It's in a simple sentence. If they use what they do best to do something they enjoy to produce a result that they care about, they're gonna be very, very fulfilled. That is the recipe to meaningful work That's on the book.

(51m 54s):
Paycheck To purpose. That is, that's right. The paycheck to purpose. We, we unveil seven stages that'll get you there. A clear path to get you there. But that's the formula. So how do we do this with our kids? So early on, mom and dad pay attention. Pay attention to the things that have come easy to them. I mean, from the time they were toddlers all the way up through high school, what are the things that just have naturally come easy for them? Maybe their sibling struggle, but it comes easy for them. Help them see that. Help them pay attention to the compliments they get. Where are they getting compliments in their life? Okay, this is just basic awareness that you as parents instinctively are gonna be able to see. But you help your kids see this And what this does early on, before we ever start thinking about college and a major in a professional life, we start to pay attention to what they're good at.

(52m 41s):
There's a high correlation Dave between the things that we're good at and the things that we actually enjoy doing. And so you can Get, you don't generally enjoy something you suck at. That's Right. The only thing With the exception of golf, that Was what I was gonna say. And that's because of the company and the surroundings, right? And, and, and so we, we, we start there. Let's not overthink this. And so as they're younger and they're beginning to age into well high school and there's pressure to choose a college and then a major and a career path, hopefully as parents, we've given them this foundation and early on they're paying attention to this is what I'm good at and this is what I enjoy. And as they begin to experience more of life, let 'em test some things.

(53m 22s):
Here's one thing I don't think parents do enough of in America, and I think it's when we get a kid who, who let's say says, I like working on machines. I'm good at fixing stuff. One of the things I would do is I would allow them to spend time with people in different walks of life that are in some ways fixing something, solving a problem mechanically or, or maybe with their minds and begin to let these kids shadow and see the real thing. I think you'll see your kids' eyes light up. So we've made this thing too complex because what we do is, is we put pressure on these kids to choose a name brand school and get a degree that seems to make a lot of sense according to Kiplinger's and US News and World Report.

(54m 3s):
God help us And, we push kids into a career that they end up in their early thirties regretting that they did and they can't use a degree. So that's the answer. Now we actually have a student assessment. It's called the get clear career Assessment. You could get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com and it's actually made for students. We took the adult version, which has been a wild success. Probably not gonna work for Five year. Simplified it, not a 5-year-old. No. But as I'm talking to parents in general, this is a wonderful tool. If you've got a high schooler, get this assessment, the results will allow you and them to get on the same page and begin to talk practically through the advice I just gave. And, and I'm really proud of the tool because it actually works.

(54m 43s):
Yeah, It does. It's an incredible tool. So what you're referring to is what the old proverb Proverbs says in the Bible, in King James versions. Right. I like the, I like the King James version on this. It says, train up a child in the way he is bent some, the old other version saying, the way he train up a child and the way he should go. And when he is old, he'll not depart from it, but bent meaning what is his natural That's right. Love that bent. What is his, what is his giftings? And find that and then accentuate that. And by the way, a kid that likes to work on things doesn't necessarily mean that he or she is a mechanic. That's right. They could be a mechanical engineer.

(55m 24s):
If you see things spatially, you could be an engineer. And by the way, engineers are the Number one career category of millionaires. Correct. So highest probability of being a millionaire. So among our study anyway, so yeah. It's very, very interesting. I gotta circle back though, Jonathan, and tell you, raising kids more's caught than taught. And so if he doesn't see his dad going for it and stepping up and stepping out instead settles back in that easy chair at the menial desk job. And I'm just, what are you freaking Eor? Get up, man. Get up, throw your shoulders back, suck it up.

(56m 5s):
Step out. I don't care how old you are. Some really great careers start in 50 people's fifties, sixties and seventies. Colonel Sanders never fried chicken publicly until he was 72. Wow. Leonardo da Vinci painted the Sistine Chapel laying on his back. It's the ceiling, by the way, boys and girls at 78 years old. It ain't over as long as you're sucking wind. So stand up, throw your shoulders back, suck it up and go do something, buddy. Your five-year-old needs to see you do that. That's right. That's what he needs to see. You do this. I'm stuck. It's always going to be this way. Oh crap man.

(56m 45s):
Get up. That's silly. Don't do that. Don't do that with your life. your life is too precious for you to do this. Ken wants to give you a hug. I'm kicking you in the butt. That feels about right. I'm gonna be coach. I'm gonna be Coach Ramsey right here, man. It's halftime. Get your butt up. You're behind. You need to catch up. Get it, get out there, man. That's what your son needs to see. He needs to see his dad do that. Yeah. Even if his dad falls flat on his face, at least he's running. At least your ha you know, you get your hands scratched when you fall, hit the pavement. You know, you, you get your nose bloodied when you fall and hit the pave. Shut up.

(57m 25s):
Get up and do it again. Man. this is how this, this is how live your life. this is a life. This email screams of quiet desperation. Yeah, It's true. Come on man. Your kid needs to see that Moore's caught than taught. They're not, they're not gonna, they're not gonna excel if they've never seen any adults excel. If all the adults in their life settle, please expect them to settle. Please expect them to do that. If the adults in their life esteem, academics, expect them to esteem academics. If the adults in their life fell in the blank, expect them to fill in that blank. Whatever it is. Okay. Hello. this is what these kiddos are. Now, some of them will revolt directly against it, but at least they got something to bounce off of.

(58m 11s):
So get it, get it, get it done. And a friend, as a real estate agent, a friend of my dad's, I used to do deals with him, and he worked all the time. He just passed away. He worked all the time. He had two kids. One of 'em said, I'm gonna be a teacher. I'm never get in real estate business. My dad worked all the time. Yeah. You know what the other one does? Real estate. Real estate business. That's right. Yeah, that's right. At least You got something to bounce off of, man. Yeah, that's True. I I think that's absolutely right. And by the way, he, in all reality, he's a very affordable tech certification program away from potentially doubling his salary.

(58m 52s):
Oh God. Because he's got a background in tech. You say that. So he is not stuck. He, yeah, he's at a support desk. A help desk. Yeah. But that doesn't mean it's tech does it. I'm assuming help desk means tech, But Oh, I don't know if it's tech, it's even worse. Yeah, you're right. Get It. I've never heard that phrase used for anything else, but I, I could be wrong. That's 'cause you always need help with tech. It's funny, I actually did email our tech team today. It's like And. we have one guy, his full-time job is to fix the tech. I break. So yeah, I'm in the same category. so I just an entire, all the phones and computers that I walk near, they all just blow up like, like, so yeah, we got our own little help desk thing going there.

(59m 32s):
I don't know what kind of help desk you're on, man. But go do something. Yeah. Don't settle. Help yourself. Don't settle. Get back to your life man. Go have fun. Go have fun. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in. I'm Dave Ramsey your host.

(59m 52s):
So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle. The Number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.

(1h 0m 40s):
Ken Coleman Ramsey personality is my co-host. Thank you for joining US America Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Sarah is in Minneapolis. Hi Sarah, how are you? I am good. I'm so excited to talk to you guys and I'm a little bit scared, but thank you for taking my call. It's okay. We've never lost a patient. You'll be okay. I will get through the explanation as quickly as I can and then get to my question if that's okay. Sure. My husband is in commercial construction. He's a field superintendent and it's a family owned company. His grandpa started it and now his dad and two uncles own it along with one other non-family, CFO.

(1h 1m 24s):
We moved to Minnesota about six years ago so that my husband could work for the company and eventually take over ownership with his two brothers. My husband and his two brothers are the only family members that are interested in being owners. But the current owners also would like to bring in a number of non-family owners as well. The succession plan has been extremely difficult to plan for. The owners have been not willing to communicate details, so we don't know how to plan for things. And two of them are set to retire at the end of this year with the other two that, that are gonna be hanging around for another 10 to 15 more years. And so with all of that, there's just been some like character information that has come out about like the owners and my husband has just been questioning whether or not he actually wants to take part in the ownership anymore.

(1h 2m 15s):
So we just started dreaming about moving back to South Dakota where we met and him starting his own handyman business out there. And I train horses seasonally as well. Right now my husband brings home about 90,000 a year and I am about 25,000 between May and September. So monthly our consistent income is about 7,200. We have two kids that I homeschool. Our mortgage is about 3000 a month. We have no car loans. We do owe 450 Farm. What city? On our farm, South Dakota. Rapid. Rapid City. Okay. So it's a large enough market that he can build an actual handyman business and probably make mornings making Now That's the hope.

(1h 2m 60s):
But It's not, I mean he, it's not a hope he can do it if he, I don't know if he will or not, but I mean I, we're working with a handyman. They're making 2, 2 50. Awesome. Yeah, It's a, a huge business because nobody knows how which end of a screwdriver is anymore. That's True. Our culture is as is tool illiterate. And so anything that breaks Yeah, they gotta call somebody Ken Coleman. Yeah, that's that's true. He can do anything. And so I know. Yeah. If he will show up on time and do what he said he was gonna do, he can charge whatever he wants and he'll have a line around the block.

(1h 3m 43s):
What's keeping you from, from, can I run you Through our, why don't we go do this? Yeah. What's keeping you from saying this is a no brainer? I, Because well one, we owe about 415 on our house and on top of that we Bought what's the house worth Because he's so handy right now. The house is worth seven 50, So why can't you sell it? Definitely because when we, by the time we would clear our debt, we would have about 150,000. So left over and then to buy a farm. Why do you have to buy a farm? I don't Do afford that because that's my job.

(1h 4m 24s):
I train horses and that's kind of You Have a farm now? Yes. How many acres do you have now in Minneapolis? Minneapolis we only have 10. It's the only place to train horses is your personal farm. Yeah. I mean, South Dakota is like one thing that gots land. I don't know. Oh yeah. It's very expensive though. And so that's our hangup is we don't know if we can afford Cedar Rapids is expensive. No, South Dakota, I'm sorry. Rapid City. Rapid City is expensive. Rapid City. Same, same, same boy stone.

(1h 5m 4s):
No, it's not. Okay. Rapid City, South Dakota is not expensive. I'm sorry. this is, you're not trying to buy 10 acres in New York. You're not. It's freaking South Dakota. The houses that we would need, the cheapest that we are finding with the house on 10 acres of land is going for about 500,000. And I don't know if we can, So don't buy 10 acres of land, go lease 10 acres of land to do your horse business until you get the horse business big enough that it justifies a $500,000 investment. Which is probably never. Yeah, I, I'm, I'm with Dave here.

(1h 5m 44s):
Sarah, let, let me throw an idea at you. Why don't you sell and move up there and maybe rent for a couple of years, get your feet on the ground as in find, get His handyman business, who's got Horses, what the potential is for you. You're making way less than him and we've already established that he should be waking, making way more than he's making now once he gets there on the ground, I would ease into this. I don't think you have to go from where we are now to a 10 acre farm. so I can do my horse business. I think you've created, There's no way a false, there's no way that the sorrow I Yeah, yeah. I'd ease into It. You buy 10 acres because you can afford it and then you do horses. You don't buy 10 acres to do horses and make 20 5K. That, that's a bad business model.

(1h 6m 25s):
Okay. And Okay, You don't make enough to justify the expense. Correct. Yeah. So you gotta, you need to lease that land or you buy the land. 'cause I want the land. Oh. And then I'll do some horses for fun and then I can do 20 5K on horses. Alright. But yeah, I, we're not staying in Minneapolis in this toxic situation with this sort of kind of family business debacle that he's not gonna stay in. Yeah. Because you need 10 acres. That's just No, sell it and go to South Dakota and let him get his handyman business going.

(1h 7m 5s):
You go rent a farm to do your horse business on and then later on when you guys make a bunch of money, buy you a farm and you can do your thing. And you know, it's a five-year plan to get to that. Okay. But you guys, you, you can't, what you've described in Minneapolis is not sustainable. You've, you gave us all reasons to leave and they were all good reasons. And then you took Cedar Rapids and made it unattainable or Rapid City. I can't say it. I keep going. I keep going the wrong states. The rapid, sorry. South Dakota, that's, I actually do know where you are. That's, but yeah. Oh my gosh. There's some people in the lobby from South Dakota and Davis geographically challenged, but yeah, I I also don't understand why you need 10 acres.

(1h 7m 46s):
That seems like a lot for training horses. It depends on, I don't know. I mean, I'm not a horse trainer, but if, if you're gonna graze them, I mean you're gonna pasture them and so forth. You might, but Oh, I see. And so I always think of the training Part. so I, I've never played one on tv. Dave. so I, I'm over my skis. Yeah, definitely. Me too. But, but I, I do, I'm not over my skis to say you don't spend $500,000 to do a $25,000 business. That's correct. That that's an easy one. Yeah, that's a No, we don't do that. Period. You know, if you want to buy half million dollar house and can afford a half million dollar house, it's on 10 acres. Great. Do that. Oh, and then I wanna do some horse stuff on there. Cool. That's fine. But we don't buy a $500,000 piece of property to do 25,000 a year on that does not make sense.

(1h 8m 33s):
That's not, that's a no, that's a non-starter right there. So, alright, there we go. Move Sarah. Move load up the truck and head to Beverly. That's what we're doing. Bring Uncle Jed and Granny and let's go Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five family businesses that do succession poorly, they bring pain onto themselves. All they had to do was treat this guy right. And he and his brothers would've taken the thing over. And It would've gone another generation. Instead they're putzing around and they're gonna lose their talent, which is in their family to be able to carry this thing generationally.

(1h 9m 19s):
I was Gonna ask you, does it make sense with what little information you have that they would bring in an outsider for ownership when it was supposed to be a family thing? It doesn't. No. All all this is somebody trying to get some money. Okay. One of the uncles wants some money. I see he's trying to get some cash and none of the boys got any cash and he's trying to bring an outsider with some pockets There. That makes sense.

(1h 9m 42s):
This is The Ramsey Show listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruiser's selling fast. this is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.

(1h 10m 18s):
Ken Coleman Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. Daniel is in Los Angeles. Hi Daniel. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello Dave. We have some home fears. Home buying fears actually. Okay. Alright. so I wanna start with our numbers. Me and my wife combined income, which is all self-employed 10 99 is 243,000. The house we want to get is a $477,000 place. So we can only qualify for bank statement loans. And that lender gave us an average of 12 months of deposits of 9,500 a month, which puts our house payment at 29% of our take home, which is not they've approved.

(1h 11m 11s):
So, I'm sorry, is the vendor, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Wait minute. How, how long have you had your 10 99 business? 10 years. 10 years. Okay. Well you've got a dumb butt lender. You qualify for a standard mortgage. If you've got two years of tax returns proving this business value, you qualify for a standard mortgage, you don't need to get ripped off on a mortgage. Okay? So

(1h 11m 38s):
Call Churchill Mortgage and talk to those guys. They'll help you get it done. 'cause he's, he's hammering you on the rate, isn't he? Yeah, it's between 6.9 and 7.7. Yeah. Why is it between? Because if I down payment more, it'll come down. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You need a new mortgage lender. Got it. Great.

(1h 12m 5s):
Good news. The last little bit here is every other, I've done about 10 trying to get qualified for a loan 10 times and only forgotten the bank statement loans once or twice because the FHAs and the conventionals or whatnot, I can't seem to qualify for it ever. Why is your, is your credit bad? No, we have great credit. We just have a lot of write offs and lifestyle. Okay, so you have a taxable income on your tax return of 250,000 or not? No, no, not not a personal income of 250,000. Well didn't that what you told me you make?

(1h 12m 45s):
Yes. Combined business income, Gross revs or net profit Gross. Oh well crap, you could be losing money then What is your net profit? What's your taxable income? Our personal taxable income? Yes sir. That's that. That's all you got. That business is personal. You're filing A, you're filing a Schedule C aren't you? Or you got it in an LLC. Yeah, We have s-corp and general partnerships. Okay. And all of that flows through directly to your tax return when you pay taxes, all of your businesses, the net profits land on your personal tax return.

(1h 13m 26s):
What is your income sir, that you pay taxes on? It was about 25,000. $25,000 a year. Yeah. Then you're not making any money. You're starving to death In business. There are only one kind of write off. There's only, you can only write off actual cash expenditures, which creates net profit and you can depreciate items. And the depreciation has something to do with reality called loss of value in the item.

(1h 14m 10s):
So if you buy a $10,000 item and it's worth spit two years from now, you can depreciate that item because it's depreciated but you lost the money. That's why you can depreciate it. I buy a computer, I can write off the computer and depreciate it either one year or three year depending on where it falls in the tax code. And, but I lost the money still it's still a, a loss. So if you're really only making $25,000, I don't know how the heck you can afford a house in Los Angeles. Yeah, correct. We're moving out of state to a Las Vegas instead. Well you can't afford a house in Las Vegas making 25,000.

(1h 14m 51s):
Yeah, Seth. Absolutely correct. I have no idea what I'm doing. Alright. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five Huh? Jonathan is in Columbus, Ohio. Hey Jonathan. how are You? Hey, I'm good. Thanks for taking my call today. Sure. How can I help? So I got myself in a financial pickle, so forgive me for that. But, so my wife is an epileptic, excuse me. And she's no longer gonna be able to work full time. So she's going PN at work. She's a nurse. So we're gonna take about a 60 to $70,000 hit in our income.

(1h 15m 34s):
What do you make, John? And I was, I make a roughly 36,000. I'm a commission based salesman. And, what does she make? She was making roughly 75,000 a year going part-time. How often? How often is she having seizures? She has three years seizure free. But the auras are, are causing her not to be able to fully be a nurse. So it's very dangerous. Yes, I agree. So she's having to back off. Well here's the bad, that's the bad news. The great news is she's a nurse so she could do non-nursing, non actual care, but use that knowledge base and make really good money maybe from home.

(1h 16m 22s):
Yeah, Ken, there's a lot of stuff she could do, isn't there? Yeah, I think there's a lot of pivoting there. She's, she's got some transferrable skills. Have you guys looked into that or Is this just, I mean I don't want her, she does for her sake. I don't want her on the floor. Right. Going bed to bed to bed in a hospital. Right. That that would not be cool for her. Right. Much less the potential risk to a patient or something. so I, I completely agree with the fact you need to pivot, but I don't think it goes to zero. Yeah, No, it's not gonna go to zero forever. We know that part. My, my concern is the next three to six months as we pivot or transition. Yeah. Has she, has she already quit?

(1h 17m 4s):
Yes. Okay. That, that, that already took place. Okay, cool. So now we've just gotta figure out a different way to apply her skills. And It shouldn't take three to six months. It ought to take three to six days. I am open to suggestions even on that. Okay. Trying to find Online because the, the, the, the nature of your call is we're struggling financially because we just lost dadgum 60, 70% of our income. Yes. And you're scared to death for your wife's health. 'cause that brings tears to your eyes. It brings tears to my eyes too. You're a good man. Yes. You love your wife, you're a good guy. So Yes sir. We'll help you with the, you know, but if we fix the income thing, don't we fix a whole lot of the other stuff?

(1h 17m 47s):
Yeah. 'cause then I can fully get onto the debt, snowballing, get ourselves out of the Yeah. Other pickle that we're in. Exactly. Have you sat down the two of you and looked at what her options are? Doesn't feel like you guys have sat down and talked about it. For instance, tele nursing. Is that an option? I don't know, but that's where my brain goes. So it, it is an option. And It is not an option that we have found readily available as I started applying for her ahead of time thinking, knowing this was coming ahead. Right. And we've not had a lot of success with that. And so her auras and her seizures were all stress induced. Yeah. And her neurologist even warned her. She may, she may have to give up nursing and go on disability.

(1h 18m 27s):
We, we have fought for two and a half years now to avoid that because she would rather work than not. Alright. So let not work. Let me, let me throw another high level idea out because I think you guys are a little bit panicked and it's hard to think clearly when you're panicked, but you gotta start looking at real options so it becomes less scary. The unknown is freaking you out. I would be looking at other caregiving jobs. I've, I've coached a lot of nurses who have been burned out and And It is one of the top industries as it relates to burnout and transition right now in this country. It's a massive problem. so I will tell you that one of the things I coach nurses on is caregiving And. what I've asked them, what is at the core of nursing that you love?

(1h 19m 8s):
They always come back with I just love caring for people. Yeah. so I would start to look in the Columbus, Ohio greater area and go, what are the jobs out there where it is about caring for people? Okay. And, and then where are my limitations knowing what we know medically? I just think there's more options for her to step right into something right now. 'cause lemme tell you something, there are holes everywhere in the world of caring for people. They need people. I would start there. Yeah. I I think you work on the income side of this equation, Jonathan. And keep doing that. And tell you what, I'm gonna send you a copy of Ken's book, paycheck to Purpose and also Proximity principle two of them that'll help you get started. And I think you guys just need to start brainstorming tonight.

(1h 19m 50s):
Yeah. Clearly thinking about where she could apply these skills in a non-traditional way that's low stress environment. this is The Ramsey Show Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Rebecca is in Louisiana. Shreveport to be exact. Hi Rebecca. how are you?

(1h 20m 30s):
Better than I deserve Dave And Ken, Thank you. How can we help? Listen, I first have to say it is such an honor to talk with both of you since becoming an avid listener of your show. Just Last year. Our family has paid off about $50,000 since last September. Woo way go ghetto. I could cry saying that, but anyways, the reason for my call today is I am sort of at a crossroads in my career and wondering what you guys think my next right move should be. Is it okay if I kind of give you an overview? Tell Us about it. Yeah, what do you, what? What's the crossroads? Perfect. So a little bit of background. I am recently 30, I'm married And.

(1h 21m 12s):
we have four kids ranging in age from about 13 to four. I was a teen mom. I graduated high school with one baby. Went straight onto college and graduated on time with two babies. And in those hard life experiences, my purpose work, as Ken would probably put it, was born. And I began a career in faith-based nonprofit work about nine years ago. I made peanuts at first, but currently work in a leadership role at a nonprofit making $85,000 a year. Alongside this. I've also always maintained for the last eight, nine years a self-employment side hustle type work. Although it's, it's really a ministry, it's a passion, I enjoy it.

(1h 21m 54s):
And that is in keynote speaking and fundraising for nonprofit, particularly ministries. And in 2023 my side hustle brought in about a hundred thousand dollars in net income. And this year for 2024, I am on track. I just picked up another contract yesterday to net $140,000 in my side income. Fantastic. Great job. It is, but you, you know, you can see my spouse employment income now supersedes my regular income. And the way we've kind of always worked, it is my normal W2 paycheck along with my husband's goes towards paying our bills and then my speaking income because it's grown so much has just gone, gone straight to the debt.

(1h 22m 38s):
And we've been able to slash it in the, in the Last year with a lot of force and with quick pace. But now both jobs have grown. They've grown in responsibility and time. Both require nationwide travel and I'm away from my kids and my husband. And I just feel like my mind, my body, my family is suffering. And this is kind of the crux of my question. Is it time that I quit my regular job and pursued just my self-employment work? Yes. Yes. It's, yes, A hundred percent. I feel I know what you feel. Guilt. Guilt. I feel it's kind of guilt. I know I've talked to you so many times, but you have a different name and a different life. Yeah, I really understand this. Here's the deal though.

(1h 23m 18s):
Okay. Your love of the organization and the mission and I, I would guess just hearing what we've heard about you, that you carry a lot of responsibility to that organization and you are worried that if you leave them it might come crumbling down if not that bad, it might really put them in a bad spot. Is that about right? Yes. Okay. That's exactly right. All Right. And I understand that's 'cause you're a really good person, but Number one, the organization existed before you and I got a good feeling it'll exist after you. Would you agree with that statement? Absolutely. Okay. I am in no way accusing you of some messianic complex, superwoman complex. 'cause I think you're a humble, hardworking person.

(1h 24m 0s):
However, if you're not careful, you will put too much stock in your value for them. And that turns into a self-fulfilling prophecy that if I leave them I'm a bad person as opposed to the mindset ought to be. I have served them very well and have done so much for them. Is that a true statement? That is a true statement, yes. How's your, how's your bench depth over there? Behind you? Yeah. How's your bench depth? I'm sorry. Behind, I'm sorry. You know what he means? Bench depth behind you. No, I don't, I don't understand. Alright. What it's a sports analogy. Do you have, Do you have anybody behind you in leadership that's gonna step into these shoes? So that's the problem.

(1h 24m 41s):
I don't, so I'm not at the very top. There is a president over me, but I am at the executive level and there is not somebody currently, I mean, they're gonna have to, they're gonna have to Bring in someone from the outside there. Therein lies the guilt. Now the question is, is can you have how many People, how many people on the team at this organization? Oh, probably about 45 total. Okay. Alright. Yeah. Your leadership team needs to work on always having your, be working on your replacement. All of our leaders here are always working on their replacements. Yeah. All the time. Because our leaders usually are gonna have to step up into something new as we grow. And somebody's gotta step up into the shoes that they were in.

(1h 25m 22s):
And so we were always working to re on our replacement, including me. how are you doing, Ken? Yeah. Thank you very much. I think I feel okay. My throat's a little scratchy all of a sudden. Quick question here. Practically speaking, Rebecca. Yeah. If, if the replacement that Dave is bringing up was ready to go today, how quickly would you move on Today We have a little bit of money set aside and I've got enough. I mean, my self-employment work Is, I know that now. That was, that Pipeline's plentiful. Yeah. I I backed you into a corner there on purpose. 'cause I wanted you to get emotionally to the place where you're gonna have to now get to mentally. So mentally you're gonna have to say, what can I do in the days ahead to help prepare a person who's on staff or help my leadership team go find somebody that can step in.

(1h 26m 14s):
You do not owe them any more than that. That's now you owe that to them to, to leave. Well, and to me that's the def definition of leaving well, to say to them, Hey, I'm moving on soon. 'cause you have nothing to worry about. They're not gonna fire you when you tell 'em. But you owe it to 'em if you haven't already to tell 'em, Hey, listen, my time here is coming to an end, but I want to leave. Well, and I have determined How can I help you fill these shoes? Yeah. I don't think we have somebody here. Do you all think we have somebody here? Or if you think they've got somebody, then you need to identify that person to them and see if they agree. And then we begin to create a transition plan. But that needs to happen tomorrow. That conversation needs to happen tomorrow. And, It can be gradual if you start sooner rather than later.

(1h 26m 56s):
Yeah. It doesn't have to be two weeks notice. You can say that's right. Say, okay, my goal is September. That should give us plenty of time to get someone in here and me to walk with them for a few weeks and get them. Okay. Get them ccli or whatever your goal is. I don't care. And, and go guys, if the leadership team wants me to take, give a two week notice, I can do that. But I'm available to help this be gradual and smooth. Okay. That, that aligns with what I was thinking. I was thinking September. Can I ask kind of a clarifying question? Just so I wanna make sure you guys have the details? My Real quick, we got it. We got about a minute. Make it quick. So we still have some debt. We are down to just our student loan debt. And I think that is where my guilt is coming from because I think part of me thinks if I stick this out and grind, although my body is suffering, my kids are suffering, we could be done in probably nine to 12 months.

(1h 27m 44s):
Or I could budget better. Well, can you, Can your, can you make it for 12 months? Are you gonna be okay? No, but if you told me to I probably would. Huh? Well, I mean you probably can. You're probably not gonna die from it. But, but I don't care. I mean, you're just making a value decision. I'm gonna, in order to get some of my sanity back, I'm gonna be in dead a little bit longer. That's what you're saying. That's okay. You can decide that. I'm not gonna be, I'm not gonna shame you for that. But if you, if you wanna suck it up and plow on through, there's not any problem. That's not a negative thing. I could do a lot of stuff for nine months, you know, I really can. But it's up to you. You know, you don't have to.

(1h 28m 24s):
You're doing great. You're amazing. this is The, Ramsey, Show.

(1h 28m 31s):
Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment. Affording a home is impossible and you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right. Wrong. George Kamel here. Listen. Finding a home you love within your budget is possible. And I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving It Down Payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist. We'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions

(1h 28m 59s):
dot com slash

(1h 29m 0s):
course. Ken Coleman, Ramsey personality is my cohost today. If you're selling a house in this weird real estate market, if you're buying a house in this weird real estate market, you really need a pro in your corner. You really need someone in your corner that has a clue. And I'm not talking about Uncle Henry who got his license three weeks ago. I'm talking about somebody who sells 50, a hundred, 200 houses a year. Somebody who high octane high protein, get her done Real Estate Agent. That's what you're looking for. We don't want the, Hey, we put together a network of agents. I grew up in the real estate business and so I know what a winning real estate agent looks like. And we've got the Ramsey Trusted program of endorsed local providers. These are endorsed people that we endorse. They're local and they provide you help with your real estate and they're high octane, high protein people. They're Ramsey Trusted. If you want to know who the Ramsey Trusted agent is in your area to buy a house from and that's a great time to buy, sell a house. It's a really great time to sell. You can find the Ramsey Trusted agent for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com

(1h 30m 13s):
slash agent. Up next is gonna be Kaisa. Hi Kaisa in Spokane. how are You? I'm good, how are you? Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I had an annuity with a previous employer. I don't know anything about annuities and I've tried to do some research on them. I feel like I was left with more questions and answers though when I did that. The gist of it is that I have a $45,000 annuity with them and $50,000 worth of debt. If I did pull the annuity then it would wipe out six of my seven debts. And I know it wouldn't be the total amount. I would obviously owe some taxes on it, but it would wipe out six of my seven debts and speed up the journey.

(1h 30m 53s):
And I just, I don't wanna make an irrational or irresponsible decision with this, but I can't find any answers on annuities. And so I just wanted to call and get some advice and guidance on whether or not I should touch this or leave it alone. Well there's two different, three different ways you'll get, you could get tagged or could get banged up doing this. One is, if it's in a retirement plan, is it in, do you know if it's inside like a 401k or a 4 0 3 B or anything like that? To my knowledge, no. What, where were you working? What were you doing? Construction Boston at the union. Okay. Alright. So you don't think it's in a retirement plan?

(1h 31m 34s):
'cause if you take stuff out of a retirement plan early, you know, you get a 10% penalty plus taxes. Right. They told me that I'm gonna have the 10% penalty in taxes regardless, or Then it's, then it is in a retirement plan. There is no 10% penalty on annuities. Okay. You can cash, if I, if I buy an annuity and cash it out early, I don't have any taxes except on the gain inside the annuity. Okay, gotcha. And I don't have, and there is no penalty. Now the third thing is the penalty and that's an annuity thing and it's called the surrender.

(1h 32m 14s):
The surrender charges. Okay. Okay. And so they're gonna have dates that after certain dates you get hit a certain amount. Do you know how old this thing is? It would be about 10 years old now. Okay. You might not have any surrender charges. You, the problem is, is there's about, there's three different variables here. And without knowing the actual details of the contract, I can't help you. That's the, that's, that's the problem you're running into on the internet too. So here's what you need to do. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Smart Investor Pro. That's the mutual fund brokers that we endorse in your area.

(1h 32m 54s):
You need to probably have one of those in your corner anyway for future investing. You can send them the information you have over on this thing and they can tell you how bad the ding is. Okay. If you're gonna lose like 50% of your money and penalties or surrender charges or taxes, no, we don't wanna cash it out. We're not borrowing money at 50% interest to pay off debt. Agreed. Right. But if you're gonna lose five or 10% and you can free this money up and get it away from this union that you don't have anything to do with anymore. Sure, let's get it out of there. So it's a value judgment that way. How much of a ding on the money?

(1h 33m 34s):
Because I mean, if you got 50,000 bucks in there and they take 25 of it, then this starts to not be fun. They told me it was gonna be about 15%. so I don't, I don't know. I'm not, like I said, I'm not getting necessarily the most clear answers from them either. Yeah. That's what's bothering me. I'm not sure that who you're talking to and even knows what they're talking about. so, I, you got, I I'm thinking there's probably no surrender charges. You prob most of those are gone by seven years in almost every annuity. Okay. It'd be very unusual annuity, but unions do some weird stuff sometimes. So, but the, so probably not got a surrender charge if it's in a retirement plan, you're gonna get taxes and a 10% penalty.

(1h 34m 19s):
And I'm gonna tell you not to cash it out if it only has a tax penalty, if you're only paying taxes on the growth, that would be probably 15% then I probably would cash it out. Okay. So if you, if you get to the bottom of this And It really is only 15% and you feel like that's solid information from maybe someone like a smart investor pro helping you look at it, then Yeah, I'd probably use it. I'd probably take that money and use it because it's not in a retirement account, you've just got a little bit of taxes on it. It'd be like if you owned a mutual fund and you had a little bit of taxes, but it wasn't in a retirement account, I would tell you to cash that out and pay debt. And this is the same category only, this is just infinitely complicated.

(1h 34m 60s):
So because there's is these stinking annuities are, there's so many different, they're not a, it's not a generic product. There's so many versions that you could stumble into or could be designed specifically for this union or whatever. I mean, there's no, they're not breaking any laws or do anything wrong to have a unique contract there. So that, that's the problem. Philadelphia's next. Ed's on the line. Hi Ed. What's up? Hi Dave, how are you? Better than I deserve. How can I help? Great. Hey, so to keep it brief, a few years ago I bought a duplex. I did the old, you know, live in one half rent out. The other half thing hasn't gone as well as I would like it to go.

(1h 35m 45s):
But what happened? It's a place where it's stable. Oh, there's Tenant problems. Many year of per Say it again, Tenant problem. Yeah. The tenant actually died in a car accident and destroyed the unit within a year of purchasing the property. So that, that's kind of what went wrong. Wait, I'm sorry. That's exactly what went not in that order. They destroyed it and then died in a car accident. Correct. Okay. That's yes, that order. Alright. I'm trying to make sure know how this didn't drive the car into the unit. Okay. No, no, no, no. God almighty. Yeah. Oh man. And you're living next door and you didn't know he was trashing your unit. I mean I, I I kind of knew, but I mean, whatcha gonna do at the, at that point, you know, The first day I hear a hole in the wall the first day you're gone buddy.

(1h 36m 33s):
That's what you do. Yeah, well He was, he was paying. so I don't Write. If he's paying he's tearing it up. Yeah. I mean, don't Care if you're paying. You got cat, you gotta move. We don't have cats. Wow. It's a $10,000 cat tearing my dad gum house up 21. Right. It was kind of a Yeah. Looking back bad idea, right? Yeah. Anyway. Okay. Here we are all. So now here we are. If you fixed the unit back up now. Oh yes. And now you got a new tenant in it. Yeah. Yeah. That's living and not tearing it up. Okay, good. Correct. It's an improvement. Okay. So yeah, the question here is, but I went, one I got in the meantime, I got married, had a baby. The place isn't that big. My wife wants to move.

(1h 37m 13s):
I'd like to stay here a few more years to continue saving money since the property's finally stable. I just wanted to see what your guys' take was on the timing discrepancy we have here Sell it. Leave. Yeah, I agree. Have a wife and a baby. She doesn't wanna live there. You're li you, you, you think tenants will make you miserable. Woo. A wife with a baby can make you more miserable. All right. So if she don't wanna live there, that ain't good, man. Yeah, no, you gotta go. Well, you're a young dad, aren't you? Yeah. this is, this is, He's still not quite convinced. Take it from the two old married guys, happy wife, happy life my friend. Yeah. this is not, this is no longer about investments. this is about peace of mind.

(1h 37m 56s):
Yeah. Yeah. I Mean it worked cool when you were a bachelor, but now you got family dude. You got, you're out of the duplex business. Mm. Seriously. So you don't think maybe hanging on to it? No, I don't. Anything out? No, no. I wouldn't hang on to it. 20 seconds. I mean, there's nothing in this conversation about this duplex that's been fun so far. No. You know, tenant tore it up and then died in a car accident and now your wife wants to move. I think this is a sign from God A lot of signs. This is The Ramsey Show.

(1h 38m 29s):
Hey, it's Dr. John Delony. Look, when you're stressed about money, it makes everything feel out of control. You run around like a maniac trying to make sure everything's covered. Everybody's okay. I've been there. It's the worst. But you can flip the script within EveryDollar budget. It helps you track spending and expenses in real time. So you always know what's happening with your money. Talk about a weight lifted off your shoulders. Start feeling in control of your money. Again, Download the EveryDollar app today for free.

(1h 39m 1s):
Ken Coleman, Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. His get clear assessment has helped almost a hundred thousand folks, people who bought it off of Ramsey Solutions dot com. And so we did the new book, find the Work you're Wired to Do, which includes a get clear assessment. You get a code for a get clear assessment inside the book. And the book is all about showing you how to properly read and go through the assessment. It tells you how it works, right, Ken? That's Correct. It absolutely walks you through your actual results. So in other words, you get the assessment results and then this, it's A nice report. Coaches you Through it, prints out a great report. That's a great report. You're gonna get a detailed on what you're really good at, what you really enjoy doing. We're talking about work and then what results motivate you. That's your detailed report. And then this book is kind of like a coaching session to help you ideate where you can go in the world of work or confirm, hey, you know what? I am doing the right thing. Maybe I'm in the wrong environment. And so it's a wonderful clarity guide is really what it gives you self-awareness so that you have a lot of confidence going forward. Love it. So find the work you're wired to do. It includes the get clear career assessment when you buy the book. It is a national bestseller and you can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. All our stuff's in the store. Boys and girls, Alex is with us. Alex is in Indianapolis. Hi Alex. how are you? Better than I deserve. Dave, how about yourself? Just the same sir. How can I help? So I'm currently an undergraduate student graduating actually in finance next semester in December. Good for you. My hope is, my hope is to go to law school after this. But I'm currently very, very fortunate to be debt free coming out of undergrad. And I don't want to go into debt at all. Been reading some of your stuff kind of recently and kind of sold me on it a little bit. so I was wondering what would be some ways that you might recommend not going into debt when you know you have like a massive law school debt coming up? Yeah. Like, or a cost coming up. I'm gonna jump in here because I've, I've coached a lot of people on this and I interviewed a, a legal expert outta Houston, Texas years ago who did this himself. And he figured out how to go to law school for free. And you can search this, there's tons of resources on this, but here's the short process of how you do it. Number one, it's about your lsat. The higher the lsat, the greater the chance you have for a full ride scholarship. So you can take, you know this, the LSAT as many times as you want is a cash value on that. And so study, study, study and get a really high LSAT score. Second early application. The earlier you can apply to these law schools, the greater the chance you have for, again, a full ride. Because these law schools have quotas that they're trying to get and they want people who are ready to decide early. The third thing is how impressive your total application is. So this is really do the homework on what they're looking for. Strong recommendations. People like us senators, congressmen governors, when you are really well known business people, that's your total application process. And then the last piece is to go for the non-name brand law schools, your name, brand law schools. I'll just pick a school right here in the shadows of our organization's headquarters. Vandy Law is not gonna give full rides to people because everybody wants to get into these name brand schools. You can pick a name brand, your big state school people are clamoring to get in there. So they're not looking for students. But there are a lot of smaller schools all around the country. No one's clamoring to come to their place. In other words, supply demand is the principle here. And where there's low, low demand, they are looking for supply and they are wanting to get people graduating from their law schools. So all that said, if you're willing to go to a non-name brand law school, outside of those other three things I gave you, there is a very good chance that you can get a full ride, if not most of it covered. What kinda law are you wanting to practice when you're out? Specifically intellectual property, kind of with a startup law like that? Kind of in between those two. Yeah, good contract law and IP law. Yeah. Good. By the way, I want to add to that. No one cares. Your future clients will not care. That's I'm your future client. 'cause I've got, I've got people that do that. I've got trademark guys on retainer. We've got IP people on retainer. I've got a lead counsel that works here full-time. I've got two guys that work for him. Two, two lawyers that work for him. Full-time. I've got three on staff. I've got an estate planning attorney, I've got a tax attorney. I've got, and I don't know where one of them graduated. Don't have any idea. Okay. All I care is can they do the work? That's right. And do they, do they have the expertise? And now if, if, if they're a duss, I'll start to worry about 'em. Okay. But I mean, and there are lawyers that are duss, there's plenty of 'em. But actually I do know where my lead council graduated. I, I just lied. I do know where he graduated from. But, but that's just anomaly because in the interview process I was making fun of him. But that was, but the giving him a hard time about his team. Right. But the had nothing to do with the law school. But the, anyway, the But you're hiring these attorneys based on the credibility of their firms. I'm, Yeah. Like I talked to one of my friends who had some, had some trademark issues and I'm like, who are you using? 17 people have called me since then and said who do you use? Right. And I've referred 'em and I never said, and he's a graduate of, yeah. 'cause I don't even know. Nor Does Dave know their GPA In law school. I have no idea. Nobody cares. And I don't know how many, how much debt they've got from law school. I don't know any, I didn't do an interview like that. I just said, do you know how to do this and prove to me, you know how to do this if you're Oh, I've got litigators on retainer too. Come to think of it. Two of them. Three of them right now. Yeah. And so, and I do not know where any of them went to law school. So that's your customer. So Ken's right, okay. Where you go to law school doesn't matter to anybody but you. That's it. Your mama might want to brag about it to her quilting friends. That's a fact. But other than that, nobody gives a rep. I'm just saying. True. So my son went to Harvard that now that in $5 will get you a cup of coffee. I mean it's just, honestly, it does not mean squat unless you're, if you're gonna run for president, it might turn up Yeah. If you were, you know, and if you were the editor of the Harvard Review and while you were in law school, it might show up if you're running for president. But other than that, it's not gonna come up. Yeah. And I, I wanna address a objection to our audience. 'cause some people I could hear it, I've heard this a million times. Well, you go to some no name law school, they don't have connections with big firms. That's why you, that's a bunch of garbage. And here's the other deal. Yeah. It's as absolute garbage. That's just, but here's the other thing. If you go to the Ivy League or your name brand school, understand that you are in competition with a bunch of people all working the same connection. So it is not this advantage that you've been told that it is, It's a disadvantage. Yeah. Because you're

(1h 46m 26s):
in this pool with the wrong, you're, you're swimming in the wrong Fish. That's exactly the issue. You need to get in a different fish bowl in that bunch anyway. Because here's the thing, I mean, if, if you wanna work for a law firm in New York City and you wanna work 90 hours a week for five years to hopefully get to make partner, right. You know? Yeah. You might wanna go to a name brand if that's your goal. But I wouldn't, I wouldn't sign anybody up for that. Hell personally, you can make a lot more money doing something else with a law degree and have a lot better quality of life. That's right. So anyway, that, that's our thing. We're sticking to it. That's true of all your degrees out there. People where you go to school, you know, I had a friend that was just come through a cancer treatment.

(1h 47m 7s):
She has no idea where her oncologist went to college. That's a great point. Doesn't have any idea. Didn't didn't look it up. Just said, can you help me with my cancer? That's all she cared about. Right? That's right. That's the deal I got. I mean, Daniel's wife's getting ready to have our eighth grandchild have no idea where the obstetrician went to college. Right? None. And he is bringing a Ramsey into the world. By God. He better know what he is doing. so I, you're not, you're telling me you aren't the father of the ride. Steve Martin grandfather running around the hospital nervous. I'm definitely that guy. I'm definitely that guy. But yeah, no, I'm serious. I mean this thing of where you go to school is the biggest lie that has been told to people second only to if you go to college automatically you're gonna be successful.

(1h 47m 55s):
That's right. I got a degree in left-handed puppetry. Well, your degree's freaking useless. What were you thinking? Well, I learned how to Thank Dave Mine's in German Polka history. You're a barista is what you are. this is The Ramsey. Show our scripture of the day. ABA two three. Patience is not the same as indifference. Patience conveys the idea of someone who is tremendously strong and able to withstand all assaults. Whoa. Albert Einstein said, it's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.

(1h 48m 38s):
Ooh, there we go. Sharon is with us. Sharon is in Detroit, Michigan. Hi Sharon. how are you? Hi. I am great. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Okay. I, well, first of all, I'm Canadian. I'm near Detroit, but in Canada. Okay. And I'm going to need to buy a car. Currently, my car is 10 years old. I think it's gonna last another five to 10 years. My, I'm 66, so hopefully I'll retire sometime in those five to 10 years. My financial planner says, oh, get a loan.

(1h 49m 20s):
And I'm like, not comfortable with that. Yeah. New financial plan. I don't want to make, yeah, I don't, yes, I'm not happy there. I don't like making a car payment. I haven't had one obviously for a lot of years because I've an older car. So I'm just wondering What size is your nest egg? Pardon? How big is your, how much money do you have? Mm. I thought I had more than I have, but about 150,000 that your 2,400 of that I have for designated spending, but the rest of it is, is investments.

(1h 50m 1s):
You, you said how much is designated spending? What are you talking about? About $2,400. So, so we'll say I've got 150,000 invested. I see. And Yeah. Okay. And you are still working? Or did you say you retired? I'm, I'm still working. I work full-time. I have a primary job, which my income gross is about 50,000 a year. And I also have a part-time job, and it's this year I'll be working a little more. So it'll be somewhere between nine and 10 gross. Okay. Alright.

(1h 50m 41s):
And so we got $60,000 a year. And you have, yep. So what were you thinking of spending on a car? Well, right now I have a 2014 Toyota Camry and I kind of figured it out in miles. I got about 88,000 miles on it. And I would like to stay with a Toyota, probably a Prius because we're all supposed to be going electric. I can't have a plugin, so I'm looking at a hybrid. So they run around between 40 and 50 here in Canada. Okay. So what I wanna do, well, like I don't want a car payment, but I'm okay with designated spending.

(1h 51m 27s):
So that to me is just putting the money away now to spend later on just trying to figure out the best way to do that, whether to put it in, so in Canada, like the states we Have, yeah, I'd probably pick up a $20,000. Sell your car for what you can get, and a total of about 20,000, $25,000 Camry I'D to give up on the Prius and just go to another Camry and move, move up in car and write a check and not, not, not think about it again. Like right now. Yeah. You got the money. Is that money in a retirement account? Yes, it's my retirement. Is it in an RSI or is it just designated by you as retirement?

(1h 52m 12s):
No, so I have someone in the TFSA, which if I pull it out, that's after tax dollars. Yeah, you don't wanna do the leave that one alone. Right. The other one RSP, if I pull money out there are tax implications. Exactly. So all of it's in some kind of a retirement account? That's correct. Oh, okay. Just, just one. One is, one is, there's no tax implications if I use it. The other one there is, So you can just, so your plan is just save up the money then? Correct. Okay, so I wanna save up. So you wanna save up like 20,000 bucks. What's your car gonna bring Right now? About 14? Yeah. Okay, so you save up 20 and your car brings 10 by then and you buy a 30,000 Camry I'm in.

(1h 52m 58s):
Okay. So my question though is like to save that, like I can save that, but how should I invest it so that it's making money while Saving it? Oh, you don't have to worry about, you're not gonna be saving it that long. Not gonna take you that long. Okay. How long is it gonna take a year, your two years To save that? Yeah. Well, I, I'll still be putting money into my, my retirement. Yeah. So how long is it gonna take you to save 20,000 bucks making 60? Well, I don't put it into my investment for two years. Okay. Yeah. The interest isn't gonna matter to anything. I mean, put it in a high yield, put it in a high yield savings account.

(1h 53m 38s):
Don't worry about it. It's not, there's not a big investment that's gonna suddenly make you $10,000 on on 20. Not that's safe. Not that I would put you in or that I would be in. If it was me doing this, I would just throw it in a high yield savings account and call it a day. Okay. And just keep, And I really would get a different financial advisor. Any financial advisor that tells a 66-year-old woman to go get a car loan should be disbarred from ever giving advice again, I'm not happy with this company. Yeah. so I don't know what To do. Well get, get somebody that's got the heart of a teacher. Jump on. I mean, we don't have, we don't have the smart vest pros in Canada per se.

(1h 54m 22s):
We do have 'em in Detroit that probably know Canada though, if you're close enough to Detroit. So you can check it, check that way. But you're looking for someone that has the heart of a teacher and has some dadgum common sense. But anybody that tells a 66-year-old woman getting ready to head towards retirement to go get a car loan, that's just, you're done. That's just dumber than a rock. No. So you deserve to be fired. Yeah. You're fired. Just mailing it in. Oh, for, yeah. I mean that's not even, that's not mailing in, it's just malpractice. Jan's in Atlanta. Hi Jan, how are you? I'm good. how are You? Better than I deserve. What's up? Okay, so currently we are debt free.

(1h 55m 4s):
My husband and I, we are renovating an investment property that's paid for, but our goal is to be able to rent this out when we're done Airbnb kind of style or something of that nature. And then we would like to build a home back in our community that's about an hour and 15 minutes away from here. Our, our church and friends and all that stuff. But we know that it took us a long time to get outta debt And. we can get back into debt very quickly. And so we're looking for the best way to get back to where we wanna be. And if you know, if that, if that is, hey, you can buy some land build, build a house and then pay that off like we just paid off a house, then we can do that.

(1h 55m 45s):
But I wanted to get some advice on the, on the best way to do that so we can stay debt free. Okay. So the current home that you live in, you would sell and move closer to the community you wanna be in? Well, we, we are living in our camper, renovating this investment property that we own. Oh. And what's gonna happen to the investment property? You wanna try to keep it? We would. Why don't you just sell it and use that money to buy you a house? Well, we can and we're not opposed to that. We were looking at long term. I am too. As we Get older, having a paid four house is a great long term move.

(1h 56m 25s):
Okay. And then with a paid four house, take your income and start stacking cash and get you another investment property if you wanna buy some real estate. But I, I would not own an investment piece of real estate and then take out a mortgage on a new home. That's the same thing as borrowing on a paid for home to go buy investments. And I would never do that either. It's the same thing though. Okay. Okay. Does that make sense? Yes sir. Yes sir. Yeah. So I'd sell the investment property and build your house or buy you a house, one of the two in the community that you want to go to. And Jan, anybody that's willing to live in a camper to hit their goals is able to get just almost anything done. That is true.

(1h 57m 6s):
That is true. That's serious sacrifice right there. If I told Sharon Ramsey we were moving into a Camper, I would like to be there to video. So I could have an investment property that would, the camper would have its tires slashed. It's True by a hillbilly woman. Mysteriously it would happen. There would be no evidence. I promise you that. No, no bloodshed. That puts us sour of The, Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace. Christ Jesus.

(1h 58m 17s):
Hey guys, I'm Rachel. And I'm George. And you've probably heard our voices before on The. Ramsey Show. And do we have a surprise for you? Yep. We have our very own show. Smart Money. Happy Hour, where we talk about pop culture, current events, and Of course money. George, it's a great show. And, what else do we talk about So much, Rachel? Not enough. And yet too much. We talk about guilt tipping because tipping is outta control and I won't stand for it anymore, which is why I'm sitting. I'm glad You are taking such a stand. And. we also talk about something else. I'm passionate about Disney adults. Oh, George, why is it a thing? Listen, some adults still find the magic. Sure. We also talk about toxic money traits and girl math. There's, if you don't know what those are, you have to listen to the podcast. Yeah, There's a lot there you guys. It's pretty fun. We keep you relevant, is what I'm trying to say. We help you out. So pull up a chair to the Happy Hour you wish your friends were having. We promise you won't regret it. And if you don't have friends, we'll be your friends. We will. We're great friends. So make sure to check it out on Apple, Spotify, YouTube, or the Ramsey Network app.