
Hey you guys. Cyber Monday deals are here. So shop meaningful Christmas gifts that won't bust your budget right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, PhD in counseling number one, bestselling author and host of The Dr. John Delony Show on the RAMSEY Networks. He's my co-host today. Open phones here at eight eight Eight two five five two two five. Well, it's official. Now we get to start saying Merry Christmas, right? I mean some people start just before Halloween and then others start right after Labor Day. But we're, I think we're close enough now. We can officially say Merry Christmas. It was the day after Thanksgiving my son And I were going hunting.


It was 4:00 AM and every channel had Christmas music on it And I was half asleep And I said, I can't take this. And he said, Ted, in his half sleepness. It's the happiest time of year, isn't it? I was like, man, it is too early for Christmas music. Too early. The sun's not even up. Todd's in Boston, mass. Hey Todd, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, thanks for having me. I really appreciate it. Sure. How can we help? So, I just learned of you a few days ago. My sister listens to you religiously and told me I should call you regarding my situation. Okay. So earlier this year I went with a debt settlement company to handle much of my debt, which is primarily student loans and credit cards.


Unfortunately, just recently I went into default with one of my student loans and that is through Navient, which is now Mulla. And what they offered me was something that's outside of my budget and my father is a co-signer on the loan as well. And I'm just trying to find out a ways of how I can negotiate something with Navient to help me make the payments that I can afford or what other avenues I can take. Wow. So this is a federally insured student loan, right? This is, this is a signature student loan. They All have signatures.


It is private. They all have signatures? Yes. Is it private? Oh, It is private. Oh, okay. Alright. Good news. Okay. Alright.


Well lucky for you. We have actually a sponsor that refinances private defaulted, privately held student loans. So they'll buy it from Navient and refinance it and set it up where you can make the payments. You got a pencil? Yeah. One moment. Yeah, go ahead. Alright. Y refi the letter YREF y.com. Okay. And So I, I'll go ahead and give you the mechanics 'cause they've been advertising with us for a while. We send people over there, but the mechanics are, they buy the loan because it's defaulted at a discount and then they, the, so they don't have full face in it, they pay less than that 'cause it, you know, 'cause you're not paying it, you're not credit worthy. Right. So that's not a loan anybody would wanna buy that. The guy's deadbeat. Right. That the guy's deadbeat on it. Right. So they're gonna buy it at a discount and then that enables them to restructure it and put an interest rate on it that's low and they still end up making good money on it. But you get the deal of the century. So it's a win-win. It's a win-win for everybody. Even Navient. And I really don't care about Navient. I never would. I help try to help them win with anything, but, but it turns out they get money on a loan that they thought was bad. So they're happy. Why refi buys it at a discount and then you are paying them a, a reasonable interest rate so they're happy and you get a payment you can afford so you're happy.


So that part's taken care of. Now the rest of this, basically what these debt settlement companies have done and do and they did to you is they quit paying all any of your payments. So all of your credit cards are in default, right? Most of them. Yeah. No, they should all be. Yeah. How long did you pay payments to the debt settlement company? I did make payments, correct. Yeah. How many I'd since May? So I'd say probably close to six or seven payments. Okay. They haven't paid any of your credit cards since you signed up with them?


Until they work a deal with each credit card company. Company and again, they're in default. So they're working a bargain with them. Correct. They put you, if you weren't in default, they put you there. Correct. That, that's why we tell people not to use this companies because it's actually does more harm to your credit than even filing chapter 13 bankruptcy. So how many credit cards do you have Right now? I have four. And what is, what is the total balance of credit card debt With all those? Just shy of 35 grand. Okay. And what do you make sir? I make per month net pay. I make just over six grand a month. Okay.


Are you married? I am. Okay. Does she work outside the home? She does. What does she make? She probably makes less than what I do. I'd say about three grand. Okay. Per month. So you got like 10 grand coming in a month. So we ought to be able to clear up 35 pretty quick once we get our crap together. Agreed. Correct? Yes. Okay. So yeah, this is awesome. So what, what you do? Quit paying the debt settlement company. Just, just opt out. No more money. I'm gonna take the Naviance, I'm gonna take 'em to Y Refi and I'm gonna take these four credit cards and work 'em myself. Now here's what you're gonna have to do. 'cause they're all in default. You have to lump some no payments, lump sum, settle each one of them.


So what I want you to do is I'm, I'm gonna put you on a budget. You and your wife working together, you're married and we have to clean up this freaking mess that we have. We're gonna get the student loans on a payment. We're gonna quit making payments to the debt settlement company. We're gonna live on beans and rice. Rice and beans because the stress of this is overwhelming and it needs to be outta my life. I can't build wealth in the middle of this and I make 10 grand a month. We ought to be able to win, you know? Yeah. Okay, so it sounds like you're with me on this. Good. So now we're gonna get you on a budget. We're gonna sign you up for Financial, for Financial Peace University and show you how to handle money. And I'm gonna put you in EveryDollar. Now here's the way you work the debt, the debt off on the credit cards.


Take the smallest one. What is it? Do you know? Yeah. Smallest one is just shy of four grand. Okay? So you need to put together in your budget a thousand dollars, $1,500 and call the smallest one. Understand that credit card collectors are the dumbest humans on the planet. And you can tell they're lying if their mouth is moving, they would have a good job if they weren't. That's a horrible job. It's a high turnover job. So you're gonna be talking to people whose parents are cousins. All right? Okay. You got it. I mean, you gotta understand this got 'cause it's warfare. No, I do. It's warfare. No, no. And so you're gonna try to talk to 'em and they're gonna, they're gonna blah, blah blah blah.


And you're just gonna have to hang up and then you gotta go talk to 'em again. So I'm offering you $1,500 as settlement in full and you keep beating that drum until you get 'em to take it and say, if you don't take it, I've got other cards, I'm gonna take this money and go to one of the other cards. So you got about five seconds right now. 4, 3, 2. Are you gonna take it? 'cause I'm hanging up and you just gotta have some fun with this. Okay, got it's gonna, it's gonna take like 10, 15 phone calls per card and you'll settle 'em for a quarter on the dollar lump sum. Do. Here's the two rules. Remember these two rules, do not give them any money unless you have the agreed amount in writing.


An email is fine. It's gotta be in writing from the credit card company or from the collections agency, whichever it is that they are accepting $1,500 as settlement in full on this $4,000 debt. And then that's rule number one. No money, not in writing, no money. They lie. The second thing is no electronic access to your checking account. We'll just take it from your account. They'll take 4,000 outta your account. No, no. You send 'em a prepaid debit card that has just that amount only on it. And then you go get a different prepaid debit card for the next one. And you keep them outta your account and you don't deal with 'em except in writing. And you treat 'em all like they're crooks 'cause they are.


Hope that helps. This is The Ramsey Show.


You want to leave happy memories for your loved ones when you pass away. Not a mess. Your family will be grieving. So don't make them spend days trying to access your computer or sift through drawers full of junk. That's why you need a Knock Box. Knock Box is a complete home organization system and estate planning tool that helps you organize all of your accounts, personal history, wills, estate planning documents, and all other info in one place. Inside each kit are 15 categories, covering everything from life insurance policies and funeral plans to your dog's vet and the code for your storage unit across town. And the best thing about your Knock Box is the checklist that tell you everything to add to each folder. So your loved ones won't have to guess where things are. So if you have a household, you need a Knock Box and you can get organized in time for the holidays by visiting Knock Box dot com slash RAMSEY. That's n ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Dr. John Delony RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today, number one bestselling author, PhD in counseling. Lucy's with us Lucy's in Richmond, Virginia. Hi Lucy. How are you? Good. How Are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? I got a real head scratcher for you. I was wondering if you could gimme advice on a financial decision that I'm trying to make. I'm a single mom of four children and I wonder if I can purchase a home with going through a divorce. Okay, so you're in the process of becoming a single mom with four kids.


Yeah. What do you make hon? I'm a registered nurse. Good. I make like 50 plus dollars an hour, but I'm working PRN now since I'm going through marital issues and so forth. Yeah, I gotcha. And anyways, So obviously you all are separated. Yes. Has the divorce been filed? No. Why? Because I have an appointment next week with the other lawyer because the other lawyer said it was a conflict of interest to hear my case.


So I'm presum that he has got that lawyer and so I'm going through another lawyer and start all over again. Yep. Okay, good. Yeah. So no, you should rent until you get this final because if you buy something in the middle of the divorce, it's gonna throw that property into the middle of the divorce discussion. 'cause you're still married. Yes. And I And so you, you, you need to wait until the divorce is final. Okay. All right. So the divorce is final within whatever. And I have another issue. I own two other properties 'cause I have read your book and I've paid off my mortgage in five years.


And what do I do with this property that I live at now? I paid over $150,000. I paid it off in eight years. Well, is is your, is your husband gonna have claim to it? Your ex Y'all gonna split the split the estate? I'm going to try because it was my money that went into the estate And I know that you say marriage, you equally 50 50. But he didn't contribute anything to My financial that, that, that will depend on Virginia law And I don't know the law in Virginia. Okay. They may force you to split it with him anyway. I don't know.


But obviously you're gonna ask for and have receipts improved that he didn't pay on it. You paid on it. And so you didn't own it before you were married, did you? We bought it like three months after we got married. Yeah. Okay. So it's mar it's marital property and you'll have to talk to your divorce attorney about that. So what I want you to do is get get clear of the divorce and then you'll know what you own and you know, you'll know how much money you've got as a result to put into the next deal. So you could take that house and the other property, sell 'em, put that big, put the pile of money you get from that out of the divorce in a pile, put some other money with it and buy you a house.


But you need to be clear of this so that the same problem you're getting ready to have with this house you don't have with the new one, which is arguing over it. We're not Well it's, that's the head scratcher I lived right beside of his parents Don't care. Yeah. And I'm ready to get out of it, but I want my money that I put into it. Well, but I'll probably never see It. You need to see a lawyer, honey. That's right. And I'll tell you one of the things that always trips people up when they enter into a divorce is they have an imaginary number that they think they're gonna get. And it's almost never that number. It's almost never even close to that number. And so then people think they're getting screwed and really they made up a number.


So in your head, like you're, you're talking to me and Dave, you bought a house as a married couple and you might have married a deadbeat who did nothing and he was a a a joke and a crook and all that. But the court will say, y'all bought that house together. And so in your head you might be thinking I get $150,000 in this sales and I'm just gonna go buy a house. You may get 65, you may get 75. And if you, I'm, I'm just telling you, if you, if you think that that other Bike you don't know, you don't know, you don't, you don't know until this is done. So you're gonna cause yourself more angst by imagining what comes next is what I'm saying. You just don't know until this is done. So the answer to your question is you can either sit right there until the divorce is final and the divorce decree will tell you, the judge will tell you what's happening with the house you're living in and the other property.


And then based on that, I'm selling that house. If you, if you, if you've gained control over it, you obviously don't wanna be next door to his parents. We wanna leave and we wanna take our cash and go start a life chapter two. That's right, Encore. Yeah. And I, I think the man, if I could tell people one thing when they're going through something hard, whether it's a divorce somebody just passed away is slow down, don't do anything for six months, don't do anything for, for nine months. If now if you gotta get away from mom and dad's house Yeah. Go rent a place but don't do anything permanent for six to nine months after, after. But in the middle of it, right now, you need to do something. You need to go get a, an attorney and you need to get this filed and you need to start learning about what law is in your state.


And your attorney can tell you there's zero chance you're getting this or he, he or he or she can advise you. I think we got a real shot at that. They'll, they'll tell you what, what's going on. But you're gonna get new information that you don't have yet today. And you do not need to buy a house in the middle of this. Yeah. If you need to move out of that house because of relationship problems now, then just go rent the cheapest thing you can rent until you get the other side of the divorce. 'cause here's what happens. We get our in divorce situations, a normal human being will get their emotions woven into and create this false sense of justice in the math. That's what John's talking about.


And it doesn't work that way. A friend of mine that does divorce recovery work and counseling says a divorce turns a marriage into a business transaction. It's all about pluses and minuses. Plus for this asset, minus for this debt. And it's about pluses and minuses and 4 0 1 ks and what end, what ends up on which side of the balance sheet. The ledger. And then the judge signs off and then the money is dispersed and the, you know, all the emotions and all the what's right or what's wrong and the justice and all. It doesn't really come up usually. It's kind of frustrating. Yeah, it's real frustrating. So that's the deal. So you gotta walk through it. So please get the other side of this for you. Buy something if you've got to move, if you don't have to move, sit there.


But if you've got to move, then go rent something. Rent the cheapest thing you can rent until you get the other side of this. But go get an attorney. Like yesterday, I, I've seen this several times, Dave, where somebody has an imaginary number about what they think they're gonna get and then they do what she's talking about. They go buy a house based on in a, in a couple of months I'm gonna get $200,000 and then They get 20 And you get a check for 60. Yeah. Or 40. Yeah. And you're in a, you're up a creek, right? Yep. So just get after it. And the other thing I, Dave I love that you mentioned this, it seems to be a new trend. This is new coming up over the last three or four years. It's people getting divorced but not trying to do it just h shaky. Like we are just separat we're we're friends. We're just moving on.


And if you've made a legal binding agreement, you have to unbind that agreement. Now There's state law. That's right. You're Screwed. So call an attorney and if you're moving out, call an attorney and go through the process and get all the, all the, the t's crossed and the di the i's dotted and and move On. Shut all co shut all accounts down immediately that have both names on him. Yes, absolutely. So he can't run up debt right now that you end up being responsible for 'cause it's got your name on it. I put a freeze on my credit so that somebody couldn't get in there with my, with my social security number and open up some credit cards and Yep. And all of that. Yeah. So, you know, we'll just take that, just the last second here and remind you guys, okay, so here's the deal.


When you sign up for a car loan or a credit card loan that is a contract, you and your husband folks, if you're out there, you and your wife are on that together. If both of you sign up for it's in both names. It's a contract that both of you have signed. The judge comes in the divorce decree in probate court and says, I'm going to give this visa bill to the husband. Okay? That means that judge has told the husband he has to pay it or he has to face that judge. He does not, that judge does not have the power to undo the contract. So just 'cause he handed the visa bill to the husband and said, I want you to pay it.


The wife is still on that bill. So when he doesn't pay it, they sue both of you And you can't go. But the, but the judge said the judge does not have the power in divorce court to undo contract law. They don't have the power. Only bankruptcy court has that power. And, and so no, you, you know, well the judge said to give him the house. I gave him the house and you didn't pay it. Now they're suing me, right? 'cause you believe that crap, you're still on the contract. So you've gotta be completely released from everything by getting it paid off and moved and that kind of stuff in the process. That's why this is a business transaction. Now this is The Ramsey Show.


You know, I love when I get to talk about this Each year during the holidays, as in years past this December, Xandr is donating 25% of all ID theft protection sales to Team Rubicon, an amazing veteran led disaster relief organization that brings assistance across the country after major disasters and storms. These guys do incredible work on the ground, helping those in immediate need and have a huge impact in helping people get on the road to recovery. Xandr has contributed over a half a million dollars to worthy causes like this every December. Listen, ID theft is a reality. And being protected has just become a necessity even for our kids. Their plan bundles together, all the protections you need while being the best value out there. It's the only plan I've ever recommended. And you can give it as a gift. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. There's no better way to protect yourself, your family, while helping others in serious need. That's xander.com or 803 5 6 42 82.


Dr. John Delony, RAMSEY personality is my co-host Elliot is in Canada. Hi Elliot, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. So I'm hoping you can help. So earlier this year, my wife left me. I've got a daughter who's about 18 months. We are separated, we're not legally divorced. She used to handle all of the money in the house. So I'm just kind of figuring things out for myself now. Make a decent wage. I make about 73,000 a year, but I just, I find I don't really have pennies to rub together by the end of the month. Like I'm not really saving anything. So I'm just wondering if you can help me find maybe ways to, to optimize that.


Good question. Yeah. That would be a normal thing that left to itself. Savings never occurs naturally unless somebody's just like a savings freak. But most people, if you just don't pay attention at the end of the month or really even before the end of the month, the money's gone. And so the only way to make the money behave is before the month starts, write EveryDollar down and where it's gonna go. And then make it go where you wrote it down to be going. You're in charge of it, but you need to tell it what to do because what's happening is in your emotional state.


'cause your heart is broken and you're the daddy of a little baby and you're dealing with all this in the middle of all of that, you're, you're not even paying attention to the money. It just leaves. Which would be, I mean, that, that's what most people would do in your situation. But the answer is you gotta pay attention When you, when, when you're struggling to make payments at the end of the month. Is this you having sat down and done the math and realized I don't make enough money to live where I live and do what I do now that I'm a single dad? Or are you still sending money to your ex? I mean, how, what kind of final situation You in go to my ex. So, I mean, I'm currently paying about 40% of daycare based on how much she makes, how much I make my, well, like I've, I've put a budget out for myself and you know, it, it says I have $300 left over the end of the month, but that never seems to happen.


I do have, I have like a recurring investment and I was like, I might as well start putting something away if I can. So I was just like, I'll do $10 a week, it's gonna be something that I just won't really notice. And I just have that going into, you know, investing in stocks and dividend reinvestments and all of that. So that's Okay. So what happened was you, you wrote down a budget and you never looked at it again until the end of the month. Yeah. You're probably right. Yeah. And then you went, wow, that didn't work. Yeah. So yeah, you, you, I'm gonna give you the, I'm gonna tell you to do a written game plan, EveryDollar on paper, on purpose before the month begins. And then before you spend anything out of a certain category, you'd go back and check that category and make sure you've still got money left in it.


And make sure if you're spending time eating out 'cause you're lonely or you're spending time doing whatever that costs money because you're lonely. Make sure you recognize that and you're writing it down, Right? Because I mean, you're going through a heartbreak right now. This is a hard time emotionally, and that hard time will show up in the money if you don't get on the other side of it and crack the whip on it. So what, what you're facing is a very normal reaction in the situation like you're in. But that doesn't make it okay. That doesn't make it, that doesn't make it like, 'cause it doesn't feel right and that's why you called. Yeah.


And I, David, I don't think you can overstate that when, when your world blows up, it's easy to feel like the rules don't apply anymore. Right? But they do. Right. Math does, right Math keeps going and the kids still needs to eat. I remember a close friend of ours, her husband left her pregnant with number three and oh God. And I remember asking a couple years later, how'd you make it? And that her answer was so instructive. She just said, I had to Right? And that meant I have to get up and do the next thing the next, the next right thing every day. And so the next right thing for him is to begin to put some sort of structure to this chaos. His world blew up, his wife left him and this little one, and no one has that in their head even right?


It happened, let's get ahold of our money, let's get ahold of our calendar, let's start there and if you can prove yourself over 30 days that I can stick to this thing and say no, then you can do it again 60 days. And you, you can do it again 90 days. And then you start asking yourself, is this the job? Is this the apartment? Is this the house is, is this the daycare center? And go from there. But I guess I, I don't know, you, you, you know a lot more about this than I do that it feels like grieving a broken heart or grieving a loss of some kind somehow gives us permission to let our body go, to let our mind get on junk food, binge watch stupid stuff on Netflix instead of actually feeding our mind something that tightens it up and just let our money go.


Yeah. I I I And I think the difference is I don, I I don't think grief is doing nothing. I think grief is active and if you are actively grieving something, if you're writing letters, if you are choosing your thoughts, if you're doing the next right thing, then that's an action. I think what most people mistake grief for is I'm just gonna turn, draw the shades and do nothing. Yeah. What I'm saying is when something bad comes at me, it's like you say, gives you permission. Yeah. So I, So I don't need to exercise. That's right. I, I don't need to go to church. Right. I don't, I don I don't need to watch my money. Right. Because something bad happened to me. So now I have permission to, to sit on my butt. One of my friends who works in in the fitness industry said, we often treat diets like you blow your diet. And he goes, you get a flat tire and then you just, you're like, whatever.


And he said it's like pulling out a knife and going and slashing the other three tires. He goes, instead of just having one tire off, right? So your world blows up. This is the time to actually stop and double down On that stuff. Double down on everything else. Yes. This is when you need to, but you've Gotta control the things you can control. That's it. That marriage blowing up. It's not one of 'em. No, It's, it's, that's happened. Yeah. So let's do these other things so that we can deal with the hard, hard Truth. And what that means is like hardcore, like you were completely energetic and hopped up on caffeine, hardcore budgeting. I'm gonna write this down And I'm gonna pinch it and I'm gonna pinch it some more and I'm gonna, and, and $300 no. How about a thousand dollars, a Thousand bucks. That's right At the end of every month.


And I'm gonna start putting that towards something and then I'm gonna work some extra. And then I'm, I'm, and I'm gonna lean into these things and that's the way I'm gonna process while I'm going through this, rather than using this as a, a reason, I was gonna say an excuse, but even a reason for taking our foot off the gas and just letting the car go in circles. It's, it's your choose your heart, right? Yeah. You can choose to double down on your budget. I will force myself to exercise even though I don't feel like getting outta bed and even though it's 44 below in Canada where He is. Or I'm gonna choose the heart of just getting to the end of every month and getting further and further under water. Yeah. It's just, human nature is just so interesting when we think it through. 'cause I, I can't, I mean, doing this for 35 years, I can tell you that the number of times I talked to someone, they go, well, you know, everything was going good and I went through a divorce and then I went $40,000 in debt and I gained 'em their 40 pounds.


And it's like, well now you gotta go clean that up. Yes. Yes. So, you know, what you said is before you do that, go ahead and not do that. Exactly. Yeah. Yes, yes. Exactly. Or find a, find an activity, find a, a Xanax if you will find a, a distraction that's not going to be catastrophic. Right. So often I tell folks, you get one. So I hear from husbands who come home, they're like, dude, I just wanna veg out. A lot of guys will go sit in the bathroom for an hour and a half and they'll just scroll their phone or they'll disappear and they're, they, the pushback is, you need to be present in this house. You need to be around. Okay, I need, I need a break. And I always tell 'em, okay, you get one, you want 30 minutes, she's gonna keep the kids away for 30 minutes.


You get 30 minutes after that. You gotta put that thing down and be present. And so yes, when your world blows up, it is hard to get outta bed. It is. Okay. So you get 10 minutes, you get 30 minutes to lay here and be sad. And then you gotta get up, you get one and then you gotta go do your thing. Like whatever that thing is, you gotta go do the next right move that you know is good for you. So a buddy of mine came to an event that John And I did with Mike Rowe. We're doing it for business guys. And John, one of the things John did was a talk during that event and choose your heart. Decide, okay, you're either gonna be overweight or you're gonna exercise and manage your ca caloric intake. Both of those are, you're, you're either gonna be broke or you're gonna manage your budget and work some extra and sell some stuff and get your butt under control.


Right? Choose your heart. One of 'em, they're both hard. You might as well choose which one on purpose rather than let it happens to you. A friend of mine sitting there, he's lost 150 pounds. That's so amazing. I was with him, I was with him Monday night. That's like two George Camel's. Yeah. Well more Two and a half. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's so amazing. Do, do Choose your heart. Right? Choose your heart. And, and I said, what do you do? And he goes, stinking delony talk man. Choose my heart. He goes, I've been choosing to be fat And I decided I wasn't gonna be. Mm. Like that's what he told me. Wow. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. And when you sign up for BetterHelp between December 3rd and December 5th, you'll get one month of online therapy free. This is valid for us customers only. Alright. So the holidays are here, and for some folks you're able to stay in and enjoy getting cozy with family and friends. But for millions of other people, the holidays can be a stark experience of loneliness, grief, or painful, even unhappy memories. And for all of us, the holidays are a time of stress, chaos, and change and therapy may just be the next right move. Therapy can be a safe place for all of us to settle in, pause the stress of the season and take care of ourselves. My friends at BetterHelp have made licensed therapy accessible for everyone, making it convenient and affordable to find comfort during the chaos of the holidays. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapist and you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. You just get online, fill out a short survey and you'll get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp and when you sign up at BetterHelp dot com slash dooney, between December 3rd and December 5th, you'll get one month of online therapy for free. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/delony. This is valid for new US customers only. Merry Christmas folks.


So I don't understand how on Thursday it's still Cyber Monday. I'm confused about all of this. I saw A great internet thing from Lecrae. He was, it was like a, it was like a confession video And I thought, oh no man, did he cheat on his wife or something? It's like, I'm so sorry, but I said it was, I said it was good. The cyber Monday Day sale and it's just gonna keep going for a while. It's like this big confession. Well, apparently we're doing the same thing, So I don't know if we need to turn it into a confession or not. This is not confession. The bad news is that, that Cyber Monday is not only on Monday. The good news is you can still get a bargain on stuff. So there you go. So hit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. You can get John's questions for humans decks. They're on sale for 12 bucks right now. Get you ready for the holidays. You can have questions for the humans. Were during the holidays and you might see some humans during the holidays. The total money makeover books $12. The audio books out there are $8 Building a non-anxious life. John's number one bestseller is $12. Check it all out at the continuation of the cyber mode sale. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. It's just the Keep it going, just keep her going. Just keep her going.


Travis is in Grand Rapids. Hey Travis. What's up? Hey, how's it going, Dave? Better than I deserve. How can I help? So this is my question Right now I'm driving to work and it's costing me quite a bit of money. 'cause I drive a three quarter ton pickup truck. I'm planning on buying a cheap little gas sipper four cylinder car. My question is, when I do buy that car and this truck is totally mechanically sound, nothing wrong with it has high miles. Do I park it my garage, keep it for a spare? Or do I sell it and invest the money? Are you, do you have debt?


No, I have no debt. Okay. And how much money do you have in savings? 10,000. Okay. How much in your investments? Well, I just started investing good. And only, like only like 3000. Right now I'm only 24. So what do you, years old. You're only how old? I'm 24 years old. Okay. All right. I make $30 an hour, by the way. Yeah. Good for you. Okay, so you're gonna buy a cheap low car. 'cause the, the, the three quarters killing you on gas. Pretty simple, right? Yes. Okay. You know, it it, I love having a truck.


I've had a truck most of my life. I drove a truck to work today. Okay. So I'm a truck guy. Let's just put that in, in the parentheses in the answer here. All right. However, if I were 23 in your situation, I would not keep a spare car as an investment of any kind. Now, later on, you know, when you're a millionaire and you're 33 because you keep following our stuff and you want to have a spare truck sitting around, I'll be your guy because it'll be a small percentage of your world. But right now, I mean that truck will bring how much money?


Probably 5,000. Okay. If I put $5,000 in the middle of the table and you didn't own the truck, would you go buy a truck for a spare? No. The only reason you're keeping it is 'cause you like it. Right? And well, if I'm buying a cheap car, and if that does go down on me, I will have a backup. You don't have a backup. Now you have a $5,000 truck. Right? Right. Yeah. Yep. That does make sense. I guess, Yeah, if I were you, I'd sell the truck promising myself that I'm gonna become wealthy and drive whatever the flip I wanna drive later. 'cause I'm not worried about the gas myself.


I mean, I drove a Raptor R over here. The thing drinks gas, like, I mean, you have to stop at every gas station on the way. It gets four miles to the gallon, it gets Four gallon. Yeah. It gets four gallons to the mile. But yeah, but I don't give a rip, you know? That's the difference. Yeah. So I, but I'm in a position, but when I was broke, I don remember being broke 23. It wasn't 20 minutes ago, it feels like. And, and so yeah, you don't need that. Yeah. You don't need that extra weight on you and, but you just like having, you just like the truck. I don't blame you for that. I tried this when I was broke to have a, a spare little And I, I inverted it. I had an old truck that I liked driving around, but I had a little zippy card to get around and it was when it came up for registration.


Oh Yeah. And that gum Insurance, I did the math and insurance and it was costing me about 75 bucks a month that I didn't have. And so this paid for a car that I had in, in the driveway was costing me money. That was my light bill. And that's when I was like, ah, it's gotta, I gotta sell it. Yeah. Yeah. So that's what I would do. But again, it's not a permanent decision for the rest of your life. It's what you're doing right now at your stage at 23 later on, get you whatever you wanna get when you got some money, dude, live like no one else later. You can live and give like no one else. Alan's in Seattle. Hi Alan. How are you? I am doing much Better than I deserve, Dave. Good. How can I help? Well, I have done so well.


I've, I started doing Dave Ramsey about five years before Dave Ramsey started doing Dave Ramsey And I discovered you on the radio in the nineties. I said, I'm already doing that. I'm already doing that. This is great. It was confirmation from what I was already doing. Well, it's good when a couple of geniuses can meet up old, Old, Old Geniuses. Hey, Careful. That's where that genius stuff comes from. So now I'm 68 years old. I survived about a cancer this year. So I'm a little tighter than I used to be, but I'm doing fine. I'm doing great. My net worth is five and a half million.


I've got about 2.9 of that in stock in the stock market in mutuals. I've got about 200 K in cash and I'm living in a house that's worth one and a half million dollars in Seattle with the lake view. I mean, it's just, I'm doing, you did it better than I ever dreamed. Good for you brother. I couldn't, I can't believe it. And I proud of you. And I didn't believe it because I didn't, I never spent more money than I made You. There you go. It was just, it was just obvious to me. You make so much, you spend less and you save. So, so that's where I am now. So now that I'm 68 and, and I'm getting a little tighter, I've been retired for a long, long time and I'd spend most of my time doing volunteer work when I, when I do anything anyway, I've got a a, a duplex up.


It's about an hour and 15 minute drive from here. And it's worth between 800 k and a million. And it's bringing in about 50 KA year. It's, it's increasing in value by about 50 KA year. So it's, it's net worth, you know, in value. It's about a hundred KA year and I'm just getting tired of managing it because as you know, real estate isn't passive. Every year something happens, one of the tenants moves out, we gotta turn it around or we get a water leak or something happens. And I, And I told my wife, I said, I'm tired of managing this thing.


Got it. So what's your question, Alan? And Well, do I sell the place and get a REIT to just, you know, be done with it? Or do I get a, a professional management company to do Professional management company's not gonna make vacancy and repairs go away. Well, I know that Both of those things are still gonna be there financial, Right. If the vacancy and the repairs are what are driving you nuts, those are aren't gonna leave. Professional management company will just handle the grief associated with those two things, but not the money. And so you're gonna give up a little money in order to have someone else deal with the tenant, deal with the repairman and those kinds of things and deal with the vacancy.


But there it, you know, no one cares when it's empty as much as you do. So that's up to you. If you want to go that route, that's fine, but just get ho you know, look for the right thing out of it. It sounds like you're tired of being landlord's what it sounded like to me. And So I, I think I am probably getting out of it And I might get into a different kind of a property that doesn't require as much active management. Something that's a little newer, that kind of a thing. Or like you said, just buy a reit, put drop, drop that million dollars that you're talking about there into a reit and that's fine. What's a reit Dave? A real estate investment trust.


It's basically a mutual fund for real estate is how it functions. And so many, many, many Allens out there put money in and they buy a bunch of different properties and the cash flow from those properties and the increase in value of those properties give you your rate of return. Hmm. And most of the REITs are paying about like a good growth stock mutual fund. About 10 or 12%. A good one is in the old days when they first started, they were fee heavy and they didn't do well net. Nowadays they're valid. So you Just own a whole bunch of pieces, a small pieces of a whole bunch of Houses just like you do when you buy a mutual fund. You own a whole bunch of pieces of a little bunch of Stocks. Small pieces of companies. Yeah. Bunch of Stocks. Yeah. Cool. Same thing that puts us out with The Ramsey Show in the books Live From the hand headquarters of Ramsey Solutions.


It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, PhD in counseling, RAMSEY personality host of The Dr. John Delony Show and number one bestselling author. He's my co-host today. Jared is with us in Phoenix. Hi Jared, how are you? Oh, I'm doing Better than I deserve. Good. What's up? Well, my, my dad passed away a few years ago and he left us a very sizable estate to my brother And I. What, what is a, what is a sizable estate?


How much money? My brother And I probably ended up with three to 4 million each. That's sizable. Okay. I'll agree with you on that. And, and he, he taught me to, to be debt free at a young age. So I, you know, I've built up my own and my own retirement up to about $750,000 anyway, so it wasn't that I needed the inheritance. But You, you were already a millionaire. I was working on it. Yeah. Well, You, I mean, you had other savings on top of the seven 50. So you were there, you had a house Probably. Yeah, I've, I've had a very blessed life. Yeah. Yeah. Good for you. So the, the conundrum that I have is that he was married a second time.


So I have step siblings and one of the steps had had mentioned that I should share because he left it to my brother and I and not the other steps. Now the steps are not his kids. Correct. They were his wife's from a previous marriage and it was his second marriage and so he, he became the stepdad. I'm just making sure I got the exact connection. So they have absolutely no blood connection to him whatsoever. Correct. And they're adults. How long were they married? 16 years. Okay. Oh, so they were adults. They were, he didn't raise these kids Kids?


No, he waited till he, he said that, that he didn't want get married until everybody was out of the house. They dated for a considerable amount of time before That. So they in no way even looked at him as a father figure. Bye Felicia. Well This, this step doesn't have a good relationship with her father. And she did kinda look at him for advice and so forth. Yeah. Well that's nice. And he was, he was good to their kids too. I bet he was To the, to the steps. Okay. So she calls you up and says, I want some money. No, she, it was, I'm having problem. My brother has passed away since then and he was in the middle of a divorce, so I'm having problems with his wife that was divorcing my brother.


And I mentioned that to her. And during that conversation she got upset because of the numbers involved. And she started crying and saying, I can't talk with you about this. And I just really, I just don't understand why we can't all just share and that 'cause we're not communists. But what do you say to that? Nothing. Nothing. It's not your fault. You don't say anything. Yeah. You say, you know what, I'm so sorry. Yeah. I'm sorry. You know, I, I listen, I I care about you and I'll be here to emotionally be your step, whatever I am and that kind of stuff.


But I, I, And I understand that this is hurtful to you, but gosh, I'm so sorry and I'll just leave it at that Because it's not about you. You feel bad about this? No. You didn't do anything. You didn't, what'd you do? Why would you feel bad? What'd you do? Well, not not that I did do something, but that, you know, that, that I'm in a better situation than she is and it just, you know, she's making me Feel You didn't harm her in that process. No. Your father had money and your father decided to leave his money to his two sons. That is a very normal act.


Okay. Had he left some to the stepchildren that would've been unusual Step adult kids. Yeah. That he never were never in the house that he lived in. He Didn't adopt them, did he? No. They were adults. No Uhuh. Yeah. No, they, their father's still alive. Yeah. Yeah. So no, I I mean that, that's this, this poor girl's just got emotional issues on her own. I mean, I can't talk to you. You got too much money that I thought I needed some of, I mean, come on. That, that's her. Okay, well, no, I don't feel guilty at all. And I'm not gonna be mean about it. I'll be kind to her. And of course your dad loved her. He'd be gentle with her and you were gonna be gentle with her, but your dad didn't leave her any money and he was closer to her than you are.


No, we're pretty close. Your dad was closer to her than you are. He married her mother, But, all right. Well, I appreciate the, the, the vote of confidence. Yeah. That I was doing the right thing. And So are the, are were the assets of you and your brothers intermingled? Some of them were, there were just a, a couple of things, but my brother and I got that worked out. So how are you involved in the divorce then? When and the, and his death and so forth? Because I'm his trustee. Oh Geez. You're the executor of his will. Well, she side-stepped that and got the, I forget what it's called when you, when you're the, she became and, and, and lack of terms the executor because the will hadn't been put in place.


So she's kind of in charge of the estate, but I'm in charge of the trust. Oh. Because I was the trustee. So Yeah. That's a whole nother mess. So I bet Thanksgiving dinner's amazing at your house. Yeah. No, not anymore. This chick's on the out. She was on the out before he died. Wow. Yeah. Oh my Goodness gracious. It's like I get to make the rules, but I've got the money, But I get to make the rules. No, I get to make the rules. Not really. You don't, you're like, you were almost the ex-wife. You keep that in mind. Yeah. It's what I figured out. The Reason we were gonna put an X in front of your name kiddo, how The fed uses the road money. Like we're states, we can do what we want. That's cool. You want roads? Okay. We'll do what you, we'll do what you say.


Oh man. So, hey guys, wow, Jared, you do whatever you wanna do, honey. But bottom line is it's back to the step sister thing or whatever she is. If you were to give her some money, it's not gonna make her okay. She was not okay before she will be not okay after, because this is not about the money and it's not about you. So you can't fix her with a check. Right. It's a waste of money. And even, I mean, y'all call each other what you wanna call each other. And that's, that's your family's business. I I don't even know this qualifies as a stepsister.


It's not. I mean, It's, it's, it's, well, I guess it is, It's the child of, it's an adult child of someone your dad married. Right. But that's a separate life. It's a separate world and maybe all are close now and that's wonderful and great and good, but I always like to think back on these situations as if my dad was here and I've got a decision to make, what would bring him joy, right. With this money he left me. Well, and he already decided what he wanted to do with this money. That's right. He made that choice. She was Sitting there when he wrote the will. Right. I mean, she she was on the planet at that point. Yeah. This is not, this is not like something that just, oh, I didn't know. Right. You know, he already cleared. Dad already clearly said what he wanted to have happen.


Yes. Behaviors and language. He, he, he was loud and clear. Yeah. Yeah. And he didn't say he was mad at her. Nope. He just said she wasn't his. And you don't know what, she's already left them. Who knows if she paid for her college or her, her kids' college. You don't know any of that stuff. She just saw some huge numbers and says, I want some of that. Yeah. That's what Happened. Yeah. There you go. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey everybody, stop what you're doing. Helix. The makers of the best mattresses in the universe has a great sale happening right now. And I have struggled with sleeping on crummy mattresses my whole life in Helix has been the answer. Sleeping on my Helix mattress has transformed my rest. And I'm getting into new levels of deep, refreshing sleep. And if you ever hear me talk about Helix, I say this all the time. Everyone in my immediate family sleeps on a Helix mattress now, and my family is all different. Just like you all are different. And because everyone sleeps in their own unique way, helix has created different mattress models designed for everyone like side sleepers and stomach sleepers and back sleepers, everyone. And if your spine needs a little extra love, they have mattresses for you too. Plus Helix offers a hundred night trial and all Helix mattresses come with either a 10 or 15 year warranty. Here's what I want you to do. I want you to get online and take the Helix Sleep quiz just like I did. It's gonna help you find the perfect mattress for your sleep preferences in under two minutes. And here's the best part. Right now Helix is offering our listeners exclusive Cyber Monday savings 25% off all mattress orders plus a free bedding bundle. Go to Helix sleep.com/ RAMSEY for details and to save 25% off. That's Helix, H-E-L-I-X helix sleep.com/ RAMSEY with Helix. Better sleep starts right now.


Hey guys, George Kamel here, and it's that time of year again. The store shelves are packed with little Debbie's Christmas trees matching pajamas for you and your dog. You know who you are. And giant inflatable Santas for the yard. I'm not mad about that. And speaking of inflation, Americans are about to spend close to a trillion dollars this Christmas and get this one third of that spending will be swiped on credit cards. Yikes. Now I get it. You want the holidays to feel magical and you wanna have a good time. But trust me, there is nothing magical about staring down a mountain of credit card debt come January. So here's the deal. If you don't want January, you to hate December, you, I've got a money hack for you. Download the EveryDollar app. It's free to get started, and you could find an extra $400 of margin in your first month of using it. See with EveryDollar, you'll keep your holiday spending under control. You'll track your expenses, you'll make a plan. You'll stay accountable and maybe even set yourself up with some sweet New Year goals. So skip the post-Christmas regret and download EveryDollar for free in the app store today. Your future self will. Thank you Dr. John Delony.


RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. So I ran out of time and we ran into the break on the dysfunctional stepsister dad left money to his own boys discussion. And I was actually having a talk with one of our team members before the show, Christian and here and I were talking about a dysfunctional succession plan that's blown up in the public eye that he's aware of. And how do you, he was asking me, how do you avoid that? So let's go back to that particular thing and say, how do you avoid this? Okay. So there's two broken things in that call. One is the step kids had no knowledge.


And so once they got, once the daughter got knowledge of how much money, then her feelings were hurt. And her reaction was, I can't even talk right now. You, you need to give some of this money. Right? Yeah. The other broken thing was his brother who had received $3 million, he and his brother had some of that intertwined. They were able to untangle that. So his brother was standalone, but, and then his brother starts going through a divorce and instead of making sure he had a completed will, his will was incomplete. So now his soon to be ex-wife has stuck her nose into it and is screwing that up. Both of these are poorly handled estate planning.


Okay. So every one of you need a detailed will, but here's the important part that is left out of the first one of these things with the step kids have a reading of the will or a discussion with the parties that think they might be involved. You either do it in one room or a series of rooms. I don't care. Have the courage to tell people what it says while you're alive. So if dad, who loved this girl's mom and was married to her for 16 years, had sat down with this girl and the others and said, Hey, I care deeply about you guys, but when we got married, we decided that I, that my money was gonna go to my kids.


And So I, I want you to know ahead of time, it has nothing to do with that, whether I like you or whether I care about you, but I'm leaving my money to my sons and it's substantial. But that's none of your business. Would that be his conversation or would that be their mother's conversation? I think It's his. Okay. I think it's his 'cause she's right now who, she angry at him. Yeah. Because she felt connected to him and this this cut her. Yeah. It makes me wonder if he gave her 50,000 bucks and then 4 million and that's the, that's the Gap. She didn't say, she didn't say, but I I mean he said he, he said he left everything to my brother And I. That's true. That's true. So, and which I don't even know what happened to the mob. Right?


Did she not the second wife not get taken care of? I don't know. We didn't get that in the story. But the bottom line is tell people this is what's going on. And so I've got a friend whose kid is doing drugs and He is in his twenties and he sat down with everybody and he said, honey, I can't leave you money. Not because I'm punishing you, but because I'd be buying you drugs. I'll kill you. I'll kill you. You'll, You'll use that. You, your, your, your addiction will be ramped up and you'll have an overdose and die and I love you And I'm not going to fund something that brings harm to you. And so you're not going to get any money in the current version of the will. And it's not 'cause I don't love you, it's 'cause I do love you and you're out of the will.


And he knows that now. And your brother's the executor and don't you say a word to him. So dad threw his shoulders back, had a backbone and had the discussion with a grown child drug addict while He is alive. Yes. So this is not a movie. This is life. Yeah. It's not like we have the paneled room with the trophy wife and the dysfunctional four children who come in and they're entitled and trust fund babies and the reading of the will. And they're all shocked that the one kid who's somewhat normal gets it all. This is, that's a movie that doesn't happen in the real world. Okay. Whatever you're doing in the real world, tell the people that way.


They don't have to deal with the other people who are pissed off after you die because you were a coward and didn't tell people what was going on. Yeah. Your cowardice, it's an Act of Cowardice. Your cowardice will blow up the lives of, of the remaining that that's exactly What this is. Yeah. If dad had had a 10 minute conversation with his grown step stepkids and explain to 'em that he loves them and he loved their mother, but this was my money before I came into this marriage and it's it's going to my children. You're not my children, even though I care about you, then that would've probably handled this whole thing. And if brother had kept up with his own dadgum will and gotten it, gotten it done and changed everything over, so you get divorced, change the beneficiary three weeks before on your 401k and your life insurance policies.


Don't expect your ex-wife who hates your guts to leave to take a a half a million dollar insurance proceeds and just give it to somebody. 'cause you forgot to change the beneficiary 'cause you didn't do your job. So you've got to do these documents, people. Yes. It drives me nuts. And Here's the other side of it. Here's the other side of it. I just yesterday sent my dad a text message, my dad's in his seventies and I'm gonna see him over Christmas. And I said, I wanna go out to lunch with you. And I just wanna listen. I want to hear what your, what your picture is for the next 10 years where you and mom wanna live. 'cause I think he's retiring in the next couple years from his professor job.


Where you gonna live? What do you want this to look like? And is a part of that conversation. He, my and my dad's was a homicide guy. He's been, I've known where that wheel was since I was six years old. Right? Yeah. But talking through what kinda support are y'all gonna need? What kind of health challenges are y'all facing? But there are millions of, of, of senior adults that won't have that conversation you're having. But there's also millions of people my age, thirties, forties, and fifties. If you don't know, don't just say, well, it wouldn't have the conversation then you need to go have the conversation. Somebody has to be an adult in this transaction. Right. Guys, 78% of Americans die without a will, which Is insane to me's Stupid. It's asinine.


If you're 18 years, years old, you need a will. It's cruel. I don't care if you own anything or not. You want the, you want the state to decide what happens to your children. Have you seen what some of these states are doing with children? You don't want these states in charge of nothing. They're morons. And so you need to be in charge of your kids and it's a will. And there's zero, zero correlation between making a will and a likelihood you die soon. Right. That's not a thing. Talking about death doesn't, it might be The opposite Doesn't occur. Probably The more we discuss my death, the better I feel You've gotten healthier. We call it, we call it the Monty Python meeting where we sit and talk about Dave when Dave dies. I'm not dead yet. I'm really not dead yet. It's just a flesh wound. I'm Not dead Yet.


I'm feeling better. Really just a flesh wound. I, I've I've Dave, over the last year on my show, I think the, one of the most common questions I get is, how do I do X without somebody getting mad? How do I do, how do I talk about Y without them getting blowing up our, you can't control that. So I think we all, as a country, we just gotta have some hard conversations and we gotta do it in our, at our kitchen tables. You Don't have to be mean about it. No. My buddy that he's not mad, He is upset, He is hurt sure that his kid's doing drugs. Okay. But he'd probably pay for rehab. Right? He, He, he would help him any way he can, but He is not going to give him a blank check money. Yeah. In order the same amount of money everybody else. He gives him zero. Yeah. So, because, you know, and he said, when you clean up, I'll change the will if I'm still here.


If you don't clean up before then you're just out. Yeah. So, you know, and it's a good, it's a good incentive, but it's not, we're not trying to buy something with that. We're just trying to say, this is what's going on. So don't be hurt later. Yeah. There we go.


Hey folks, we love talking about money and life and everything else. One of our brands where we help people is a small business brand called Entree Leadership. And we coach about 10,000 small businesses around America showing them how to run a small business. All the aspects of running a small business. And I do a podcast that we've, we've done a podcast for about, gosh, since podcasts started, it was one of the first podcasts out there. It was the first one we ever did here before we even put RAMSEY on a podcast. It's called Entree Leadership Podcast. And I took it over two years ago. And I just take calls from small business guys and gals who call in and go, I got this team member that's doing this. I can't get my dad to do the succession plan. I having trouble with this marketing idea. And so we just talk business during that entree podcast. I do it once a week. If you wanna be a caller on that, go to entree leadership.com/ask or call eight four four nine four four ten seven eight four four nine four four one oh seven oh.


So mama bear legal forms.com has been a sponsor of ours for almost a decade now. And that's a quick, easy way during the holidays, if you have an uncomplicated estate, you can knock out a will just for a few dollars and in a few minutes and then just hand it to everybody if you want to. Merry Christmas, right? I don't know. But if you've got a complicated estate, you may need to sit down with an estate planner like you got a lot of money or a lot of weird stuff or something, that's fine. But if you wanna knock out a quick easy will and do all the healthcare power of attorney and all the right stuff, mama bear legal forms.com will help you.


Remember the good old days of the internet before it was a privacy nightmare filled with spammer, scammers, hackers, and fraudsters simpler times. Now I don't have a time machine, but I do have the next best thing. Delete me. Think of delete me as your online bodyguard, helping to protect you from the risks of online scams and data breaches. Here's how they do it. They scour the web to find and remove your data from these sketchy data broker websites. And this includes your name, your phone number, your email, your address and more. And delete me. We'll send you a detailed report of what they did and how much time they've saved you. And they've saved me 66 hours so far, which is more time I can spend trying to nail the wordle of the day on the first try. Delete Me has been around for over a decade and they now have over a hundred million data removals, which explains why they have a Mountain Ofra reviews and an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. It's been great for my family And I love getting fewer targeted ads, fewer spam techs, and fewer creepy robo calls. So this holiday season, share peace of mind by gifting a delete me subscription to someone you love or even just like their individual plans. Start at just nine bucks a month and you can sign up today@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY for 20% off. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


It's cyber Monday week. And if you're looking for Christmas gifts that actually make a difference, we've got 'em. Get bestselling books like Breaking Free from Broke Baby Step Millionaires and More for just $12 or audio books for just eight bucks. Now's your chance to give something that'll help your friends and family build wealth, transform their relationships, and find work they love. Visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store today. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Dr. John Delony. RAMSEY Personality is my co-host Today The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by why refi We trust, why refi? Because they help people who have defaulted private student loans and they help 'em refinance with a low fixed interest rate that you can't get anywhere else. One guy didn't name Chris did it. He had a student loan, he cut his payment by 40% with Y refi. Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in Allstate.


Alright, today's question comes from Jenna in Minnesota. Jenna writes, should I help my boyfriend pay off student loan debt? No. I guess we could just end it there, but I'll keep going. I know what you're gonna say. So let me explain Still. No, we Both went to college for mechanical engineering. My parents covered my tuition, but my boyfriend has over $125,000 in college loans. We both work good jobs and bring home a combined income of $200,000, but his loan payments are killing him. He didn't wanna burden me with them. And he wants to put our life on hold, marriage house and children until they're paid off. He has about 15 K in savings. And so this is gonna be a long process. I have 80,000 in savings and roughly 300,000 in stocks that my grandpa set up for me when I was a kid.


Should I help pay off my boyfriend's loans by adding an amount to his payment every month? Pay them out, right? Or do you think I shouldn't help him at all? Should You cave to his blackmail? That's exact. I was gonna say He is. This is a, it's a red herring. It's a itsy. It's a Proxy's ploy. It's a ploy. Yes. So listen kiddo, we tell folks when they get married, everything becomes shared. So you will have 125,000 student loan when you're married. 'cause your husband does, he will have $300,000 in stocks that his wife's grandfather left her. He will have $80,000 in savings that his wife had before they got married. And so when you get home from the honeymoon, pay off the pay off the student loan.


But this is bull crap. It's bull Crap on a stick. So frustrating. Yeah. Tell boy child time to, you know, part of the problem is, is we're all playing house over here so he's got no incentive to get married other than blackmail you into it. So now if you want to have a healthy relationship, y'all get married yesterday since you're playing house anyway, we have a combined income. You don't have a combined income, you're not married, that's bull crap. You're shacking up. And we would not have a show if people like you didn't withdraw $125,000 from the money that their grandparents sent them to pay off a boyfriend's loans. And then y'all break up.


Oh yeah. That's like We Would standard, We wouldn't have this show if that didn't happen all the time. And I know you can say, no, not us. Not us. No, he Would never Do that. Yes, y'all, the Guy that won't marry me would never do that. You know how you sound so seriously. No, Don't. Please don't. Please don't. Please don't Time to get married boys and girls. Look, I think this is a, I think it's a good, I think it's a good like an altar call right here. It's come to Jesus. Are we, are we gonna do this or not? Yeah. Because if you're gonna get married, y'all get y'all come home from the honeymoon, we would tell you to take the $380,000 that you have in assets and pay off the 125,000 debt that he has. And then we take off with our life, with our fabulous combined income and zero debt and whatever's left of that money, which would still be 200,000 bucks.


So, yeah. And by the way, when you get married, what you're agreeing to do is to help carry burdens together For richer, for poorer. And so if he Sickness, If he already says, well, I've got this thing going on, so I'm gonna hide it from you. I don't wanna be with you, I don't wanna be apart from you. This will be the rest of your life. This will happen with kids, this will happen with tuition. This will happen with which church to go to. This will happen again and again and again. This is the big glaring neon sign to put our Wife on our life on hold. He doesn't wanna burden me with him. He put Our life on hold. Then he does. He's not ready to marry you then. Oh brother, We're not gonna work together. Work together, work together. I'm gonna give this guy about 20 minutes. Get me to the church on time, baby.


I'm serious. I'm I'm done with this guy. This is bothering me for some, there's something about this that's running all over me And I, I'm usually a little bit, I'm pretty pretty mean, but I'm usually a little bit more gentle than this. Yeah, but this is this, there's something wrong Jenna. Here. Here's what I, here's what is is getting under my skin. Oh, I know what it is. You have worded all of this. It's all the down gum language. That's what's killing me. You have worded all this 'cause you have bought this freaking sales line. That's it. That's the thing. She bother. She's the problem. She thinks she is the problem here. This guy has complete, he's a, I'm afraid He is a con artist. He's a leach. Yeah. So either way, if you're listen, you either need to leave or you need to get married.


There's No in between. Don't pay off his loans And don't pay off his loans unless you get married. And if you get married, then it's our loans and our money and we'll do that. But you got, you got about 20 minutes buddy. About 20 minutes. Stop the sales job. Don't like, don't like con artists who are sleeping with the person. They're conning. It's a problem. Dad. Gum salesman. Sorry, I think I've had too much coffee. John. Merry Christmas. Ho ho ho. Oh my gosh. I need to calm down. But yeah, I just, I think about my girls and they did not thank God we, you know, thank God that we taught them how to pick and they picked studs. So I've got two sons-in-law. They're absolutely incredible, man.


Here's I I, yeah, I've got a young daughter and you would Kill him. But here's why. Here's Why. Sorry, you Just got, I know I do. Here's why this young woman, Jenna is, is astounding. Yeah. She's a Dad. Come, she's a mechanical engineer. She makes a hundred grand. She's got half a million dollars already put together. 'cause her grandpa hooked her up and she's got this guy that she loves and the guy is making her the reason around. Yeah. And so she's asking herself every day, what am I doing wrong? Oh, I have another way I can save this thing. I, I want help know, know what you're gonna say, but I'm different. No, You're not, Jenna, it's not you. It's hims. No you're not. You're worth more than this.


That's what I'll say. You're, You're more valuable. It's the dad of a daughter who're Worth. We're angry for you Kevin. Ah, yeah. So Brought to you by Y refi and preparation H because I got hemorrhoids now. God, it makes me so mad when guys are idiots. Patrick's in Orlando. Hey Patrick, what's up? Hey guys. So the situation is we're, my wife And I are 67 and we've got 2.8 million in four different mutual funds. Way To go. We're Debt free. Thank you. Thank you. We're debt free and we got an offer we couldn't refuse on our business. We close December 11th, we get 5 75 cash and we hold a note for five years for 300.


So that brings me to the question because I've got a daughter that lives in Austin, Texas, and she and her husband have been married for 20 years and we have a beautiful grandchild and they're saving for house. They're also debt free. They're doing everything right. They're both teachers and they wanna get a house and they're saving like crazy two rounds of IVF to get Julia here pretty much wiped out their savings and they're trying to come back for that. And I'm thinking, you know, December 11th I collect 5 75. I could probably, you know, give them the money for a pretty nice house in Austin with that 5 75.


And so that's one option. Do it. Option two would be do it. I like it. A really strong Just do it. Yeah, I like it. Okay. I like it. Can I, can I add one thing to it? Yeah. Okay. I, I do want this to be a gift and I'll teach you a technical thing you need to do. But aside from that, I do want it to be a gift without strings sort of. Right. But I, I would sit down in person with them, you and your wife go to dinner and make this a big deal. This is not just a drive by breakfast. One morning coffee. Okay, we're going to a nice restaurant. We're gonna make a production out of this and say, this has nothing to do with the grandkid. Although you've said it six times that it does, but it doesn't.


Okay. It shouldn't it shouldn't because you shouldn't give it to them because of the grandkid. You should give it to them because they have been responsible and you're not bringing harm to them and you're not enabling bad behavior. Instead you're accentuating and lifting the positive thing that they have been doing with their life. And it's going to, it's gonna change your family tree the rest of the way. So yes, you should do it. And I, I would say I'm gonna give this to you with no strings attached. I will tell you I have a favor to ask that you promised to never borrow money again. Love it. Love it. Yeah. And I wouldn't, I wouldn't make, I, it's not a contract, but I would just say I, I'm doing this to change my family tree.


But if you go screw that up by borrowing money, it's gonna break my heart And I would do it. Yeah. Now, oh, unified estate tax credit. Talk to your tax guy. You need to use up some of your estate tax exemptions so you don't have gift tax. Don't do this without tax advice. Go get some tax advice, please. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey, George Kamel here. So you're thinking about buying or selling your home. It's exciting, but there's a lot to think about and all those decisions can feel overwhelming. Well, here's the good news. You don't have to tackle the process alone. Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base is the place to find all of your free tools and resources for help to get prepared to buy or sell your home with confidence.


You'll find calculators start to finish, guides a podcast, and even an in-depth video course hosted by yours. Truly what's not to love. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. Dr. John Delony RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. If you haven't heard, cyber Monday is no longer just for Mondays. It's pretty much any day of the week we want it to be. So it's just a cyber thing. Cyber forever. It's a cyber cyber's forever. That's where, that's us. Yeah. Apparently we lied to you and we told you it was only on Cyber Monday and we're gonna continue to lie to you until we choose not to.


So that's the bad news. The good news is the store has everything on sale. Cyber Monday. Cyber Monday, here we go. So yeah, breaking free from Brokes on sale for $12. The number one bestseller by George Kamel, building a non-Anxious Life. The number one bestseller by Dr. John Delony on sale for $12. Baby steps millionaires Total money makeover. Get clear assessment audio books are $8 by the way. Just check it out Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store until we decide Cyber Monday's over and when we decide it's over, you will have missed out. But you don't know when that's gonna be because I don't know when that's gonna be. So there we go. This is The Ramsey Show, Madeline's in Atlanta.


Hi Madeline, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you for having me. Sure. What's up? So me and my fiance are just really stressed. Our debt to income ratio is horrible. So we just wanted to know what steps we need to take to go in the right direction to get out of debt. Hmm. When are you getting married? We haven't planned a date yet, Then there's not a we. Right. Okay. Okay. There's not legally, morally, ethically, monetarily, we aren't in existence until we are married.


And I'm not just making a a, a statement. You, you, you literally have absolutely no rights to the other person's income legally speaking. Okay. Okay. So you, you can act like you're playing house, you can act like you're married and it doesn't change the law. The law says that your debt is your debt. Okay. Right now when you're married, that's different. So I would suggest if you're gonna be a we that you make it a we and you run down the courthouse this weekend and get married? Yes Sir. Okay. How long y'all been engaged or dating? About three years Engaged. Okay. Time to paint or get off the ladder kid?


What? What do You mean? I mean, get married. Oh, okay. Sorry. We've been almost a long time. Yes sir. So y'all just, how old are you? I'm 24. Okay, cool. So what do you make and what does he make? So I make annually 38 k What's he make And him annually. Okay. I don't have it totaled, but 26 40 monthly. Okay. He makes about the same you do then. Okay. Yeah, roughly. And, and and how much debt do you have?


So my debt about, so really I only have the home loan and the You bought a house bought together. Is it a house? Yes sir. Is it your house or do you buy it together? I'm the only one that's on a lease. Oh, it's a lease? Yeah. So I'm financing mortgage loan. Oh honey, that's not a lease. Oh man. Did you buy a house or are you a li tenant? I, I bought a home. It's A mortgage in your name. You have a mortgage. There's no lease. Does not enter into it. Yeah. 243,000.


Okay. And, and so you have a mortgage, You bought a $240,000 house and you make $35,000 a year On your 24 years old. Oh geez. On the promise that he was gonna help her pay, but they're not married and he's not on the loan. Correct. Yeah. This is what I've been talking about before I started talking. Okay. Now the, alright, so l let me fa what, what debt does he have? He has in total, including his auto loan? $28,330. Okay, so here's what I would tell you guys to do.


And you're, I don't know if you're gonna do it. I can't tell from talking to you. Well, you Actually do it. You sound terrified. I kind of don't think, I don't know if you're nervous on the radio or if you're just gonna go do whatever you wanna do anyway, the i i, if you were my daughter, I would take you to knuckleheads to breakfast and bump your heads together and say you knuckleheads go get married this week. Because, because you're very, do you understand how vulnerable you are? This guy walks off. You are screwed girl. You understand you can't pay this house payment. I don Okay, Can you, they qualified you for it, but you can't, you can't afford this house if he gets up and leaves.


Right? Right. Okay. Now I'm assuming your, is your relationship good? It is. Okay. Then I would say let's quit acting like we're married and go ahead and get married because it's very, very important that you all do combine everything. And then what we've got is we've got a home mortgage with an $80,000 household income approximately. And he's got some consumer debt that we need to get paid off as quick as we can. And we'll walk you right through the baby steps. At that point, you cut up your credit cards, we get his car loan paid off and we take all the overtime we can. We quit eating out. We don't go on vacation and we clean up this mess. And where you have $20,000 cash in the bank for an emergency fund and no payments, but a house payment and a combined income of 80,000, you'd be in pretty good shape, right?


Yes sir. I can get you there in about a year if you're married. I can't get you there while y'all keep sorta doing this 'cause it won't work, right? Because, because this, the, the, the doing things in the wrong order has left our precious Madeline here unbelievably vulnerable. You, you will be the victim if this thing goes sideways. Not him, you'll be the one that's a mess in a mess if this thing goes sideways, not him. And you're, you're worth more than this. And so somehow you talked yourself into, or you got talked into or you guys together sat down and had a com, a combined lack of brains and decided this was the right way to go.


And it wasn't because it's left you, my daughter, in a real mess. Potentially let, Let's say he's not going to like break up with her, but they cut his hours, they, he quits his job or he decides I wanna go get an NBA and he just quit. Like it's so exposed. I mean she doesn't have, it's all on her. Yeah, that's what I mean. Like, yeah, he's got a free ride now. He got someone else to buy a house that he lives in and he gets to pay rent. Maybe. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. So this is why these numbers don't work. Okay. Alright guys, there, there's a couple issues. We gotta stop for a second 'cause we've got just a moment here. Number one, we'll remind you that if you wanna catch the next segment of the show, the third segment of the podcast is always on The Ramsey Network app and it's completely free.


Go download that for free. So the numbers, if you do just a couple of things in the right order, there's less than a 3% chance you'll be at the poverty level. And the right order is before you do anything with your, with building a family. You graduate from school, high school, okay? You do not live together before married if you don't live together before married and don't have children before married. So you do it in the, it's called the, it's called the order. The poverty. Poverty order.


Okay? So you graduate from high school, get married before living together and before having children, you have less than a 5% chance of being at the poverty level. That's the national statistics. Almost all of our poverty occurs when you do those things in the wrong order. And you're a 17-year-old with a baby and he takes off 'cause we got pregnant before marriage and so on and so on and so on. And I'm not picking on anybody. I'm just saying if I could sit down with a 14-year-old and say, Hey, you have less than a 5% chance of poverty level, if you'll just do these three or four things in the right order, you set yourself up for prosperity, you want to add to this and get it down to almost zero chance, graduate from a four year degree that in a usable degree field, you want to add further to that, do all of that with no debt.


If you just do a couple of little things like that, you're down to less than a 1% chance you're gonna be at the poverty level. You could there, these are, these are controllable variables in your life. But instead you just buy a house with somebody you're not married to. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app, right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is Search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app or free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad, boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.