
This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win in your life, specifically, win with your money, win in your profession, and win with your relationships. Excited to be with my pal, George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman and we're here for you today, America. The phone number's Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's start it off with Randall in Homer, Alaska. And Randall, we're here for you today. What's going on? Hey Ken. Hey George. Thanks for taking my call. You bet. What's up? Yeah, so unfortunately I just wrecked, wrecked my father-in-law's car by hitting a moose up here.


Oh no. And so much going on in that sentence. Is that like a Tuesday in Alaska? Like how often does this happen? It, we literally have a sign on the side of the road that has a number counter saying how many times a moose has been hit. Right. Unfortunately, you know, I, I have added a number to that. Okay. And did you kill the moose? I broke its leg and then the cops had to come, you know, put it down. Unfortunately, that's how it goes up Here. Oh, it's not terrible. All Right. It's the last frontier, that's for sure. Hey, I gotta tell you, George, you may not know this about me, but back when I was in my early twenties, I worked on a, a senate race in Alaska and spent a summer campaigning in Alaska. I did not know that.


And so you would see moose at nighttime just chewing on people's trees in their front yard. Like we we see deer. Are they, are they a real nuisance over there, Randall? Oh yeah. They, they really are actually. Okay. I had, I had four of them in my front yard the other day and somebody else hit one of 'em and had and totaled their car. So it, it happens on a regular occurrence. Well, we're very sorry about that. And I gotta tell you, does the father-in-law know yet? Or are we the first to know? Yes. Oh boy. Okay. He, he knows. He knows. But it's, how'd that insurance that's making things tricky. So tell me about this, what's happened? What's the deal with insurance? This isn't, This isn't the first car I total of his, but it was his car that he owned.


I, I know I'm a terrible son-in-law, but Maybe you should stop driving his cars. Let's start with this. You're the common denominator here. I'm not even blaming the moose anymore. I think, I think you guys might be right, but this instance, it was a little tricky 'cause two years ago he bought the car 'cause he was gonna come up and visit me and the wife and the kids. And he used it for two weeks and he hasn't been back in the last two years. And so he told us we could drive the car as long as I maintain it and I, you know, pay insurance on it. All right. But we, we put the car entitled it under my name and registered it in my name 'cause I'm up here in the state and if I, if anything were to happen, I were to handle it.


Okay. And so I have this insurance policy and I expected this clunky $3,500 car to only get like a $3,000 payout, but for whatever reason the insurance came back with a $10,000 payout. And so it's a lot higher than expected. But I don't know who that money should go to. I kind of want the money, but it's kind of my father-in-law's car. But at the same time I'm the title holder and I'm the insurance policy holder. Which makes you, I'm Not sure what to do. Yeah, you, this is sticky, but I mean, legally it's your car. That's what I, that's Kind of because you signed the title over. My thought process was going, what was the agreement when you guys made this deal?


Was it, Hey, I'm gonna pay you this much money eventually, or what It was, if I pay the insurance and maintain the vehicle, I can drive it. And then we just kind of laughed and went on with our way. We didn't really communicate it about it. Well wait a Second. At some point he had to sign the title over to you. Well, when he bought the vehicle, he never signed it over into his name. We just went to the DMV and signed it into my name. But he paid for it and followed. Yes. What did he pay for it? 3,500 bucks. Okay. Alright. So what's the conversation been with him now? Because I appreciate all this detail you gave. Was this a loan? Was it, did he say, Hey, I'm gonna need this money back but you're gonna pay the insurance, it'll be in your name.


No, no. There's no it was, it was just a, essentially a gift. Unfortunately he's not much of a communicator. He never said that it was ours and it was a gift, but he said we can use it and we've used it like it's ours and we've used it for two years and he's used it for two weeks. Yeah, but what is he saying? Now? We've established how this all happened. Yeah. What is he saying now? Now, Now, yeah, now he is saying that he is the owner of the vehicle and if I wanted a payout then I should have bought the vehicle. But that's actually the, the scenario I tried proposing to him is let me just buy the vehicle from you right now. And this was before I knew what the insurance payout was. Let me just buy it from you and make it Official.


He is not entitled to the payout. If you wanna give him a 3,500 bucks that he put into it, that's fine. And let that be off your conscience. But I'm not gonna give him a check for 10 grand while you're out of a car. Yeah, you're gonna be back in the situation again. That's what I was thinking. He's gonna buy you a car that you're gonna have to maintain and own. Yet he has these weird purse strings attached. I don't like this all. Let, let me, let me ruffle your feather some more. George, I'm ruffled. He started contacting, he started contacting the insurance agency so that he could get updates and try to get the total amount disclosed to him behind my back. And he's the type that will, you know, cut off ties related. Don't They have to like, verify identity? How does he even have access to talk to your insurance folks?


I'm, I'm not a hundred percent sure, but the insurance has been sending him emails and, and, and you know, discussing this policy with him. So I that that's fine. I don't even know if this is kosher. I first It's not. Well first of all, this is a first time. Alright. This is a relationship mess. Right? And they're, I gotta tell you, I'm very excited. Georges ruffled. I'm fired up and I'll tell you why. I always wanted to be one of those judges on tv. You know what I mean? When people come in and it's Judge Ken. And this is a judge Ken kind of dream scenario to try to figure out, because you've got on one hand, George, the father-in-law does buy the car with his money in and I'm gonna make this up, but in natural law, that's his car.


But Correct, he goes to the DMV and he, lets literally lets Randall sign the title as though it's his So legally under the real law, it's Randall's car. Now father-in-law wants the money. He sees a little windfall. This is my car, I'm letting you take care of it. He was the best of both worlds. I'm a good father-in-law. I got my daughter, sweet daughter. It's like you buying a car for me as loser husband down the road. Oh gosh, I don't wanna think about that. But Randall, you aren't a loser at all, I don't think. Just kidding. Randall. So, so now you've got the situation where he does his favor for you guys, but he wants you to handle the insurance.


Now he wants the money. This is manipulative in every sense of the word. And Randall, this is a problem, but I'm bringing all this up and kind of laying it out here because you have one response. This is not your car legally, you let me use it. He's gonna say, yeah, but you know what I did and I bought it and blah, blah blah blah blah. And so you're gonna have to come down to not what is right in the grand sense of the word, but what is right for your relationship going forward. Unfortunately. And I think there's gotta be a meeting in the middle George in order to make Thanksgiving variable.


That's where I think the compromise is. I'm gonna give him the money he paid in that gets him out of this. Don't care what he feels like he's deserved. I agree. That's what I would do. Randall, has your wife gonna be ugly? What does Randall's wife think about this? Randall, what does your, does she talk to him? She, she's too much like her father. And I told her she's not allowed to talk to her parents right now until I figure it out. 'cause she might make the situation worse to She, she told her, told her she's not allowed to talk to her parents. Yeah, this is a soap opera until I make Un until we figure it out because she No, you don't tell your wife she's not allowed to talk to her parents. Well, I meant, I meant about the about the situation. I'm not gonna refuse her from FaceTiming with grandma the Kids.


Well that's kind of you kind a we set our peace. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I Discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options and they've been around for over 95 years. So you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman and George, we were just talking about during the break. I'm very excited. We've been working on a new show format for some time and it's now out, it's called Front Row Seat. So pumped for you. And this is a conversation show for those that have been around a long time. If you've been in your thirties or forties, fifties, you'd know the show inside the Actor studio. And you also know MTV Unplugged. It's got that feel. Legendary. It's intimate. Intimate. We have an audience of 12 to 15 people that surround me and a guest and we have a deep dive conversation designed to help you get better personally, to move up professionally and to lead effectively.


And so that's what the show is all about. And so we're off and running on YouTube and wherever you get your podcasts so you can check it out. New episodes every Tuesday again on YouTube. It looks fantastic. The team did such a great job. Incredible. You've seen the set. I have nothing to do with that at all. No credit to you there. None. None, none. The content is also amazing. So it's, you know, front to back soup to nuts. Yeah. This thing is just back to my roots. When I joined RAMSEY 10 years ago, I was an interview specialist and for years hosted the EntreLeadership podcast before I handed it off to you. That's why I first saw you Ken. What, 13 years ago now? Yeah, 14 years at a leadership event. Yeah. And you, I've always said Ken is the best interviewer maybe on the face of the earth. I don't know. I you're being a little too kind.


That's too, too, too kind. But I appreciate it. But anyway, it's called Front Row Seat. Check it out on YouTube. Some great guests that have already launched that are coming up. Oh, we got some big, big names coming. We got, we launched with Nikki Haley, former presidential candidate. Oh yeah. And that was interesting. Not political conversation. Don't worry. Those of you who immediately got your les Oh, oh she, she did this and she said that. Now look, when was the last time you sat down with somebody that you agreed with on everything You didn't, you have it. So we like to have conversations across the board, designed again to help you get better that, I mean, you're bringing a better version of work so you can move up and for those that are moving up, you're gonna lead at some point.


So That's right. It's for professional development and growth. So check it out. Go subscribe. Oh yeah, go subscribe on YouTube and podcast. Front Row Seat with Ken Coleman. Alright, let's get to the phone. Steve is in Richmond, Virginia. My old stomping grounds. George. Steve, How can we help? Hey guys, thanks for taking the phone call today. Sure. What's up? So found out in the last week or so that my parents' house is in the process of getting foreclosed on. And my question is, should I buy the mortgage out and find out some rental agreement for them to continue living there?


I just think it would be easier twofold. One, it's a decent investment opportunity and second off, I think it's an easier process as they're aging to stay in the house they've been in for 30 years almost. And not, we're about moving and then trying to find a place and everything else. They're comfortable where they're at. Well, what's going on with them financially to where their house is about to be foreclosed on. So that's, that's another story I'm trying to unravel. I will say my dad has been plagued with identity fraud for the last three or four years. I mean, it's like he'll get a debit card in the mail and then within three or four days he's got, you know, charges from California and Colorado and Mexico and everything else.


So something, something's weird going on. I know, you know, my sister had a boyfriend living in the house with them and then they, you know, allegedly he had hacked the system and put a virus in it. I don't know. I'm working with some specialty companies trying to figure out if that's what's happening or I don't know. They're just not making, haven't made the best financial choices in their lives and they're getting, you know, they're both turning 65 this year so they can start collecting social security, which isn't much money, but it, it's something. Wow, George, I was already a lot going on. I was already nervous about you just buying a house. We would run the numbers and George will walk you through that as to, 'cause this is like buying another house. So that's that you're going to lose money on because your tenants are broke and I don't think they could pay you rent.


This is a disaster waiting to happen for you So far the disaster has evaded you. Right. So I can say I've been very blessed. You know, we, my husband and I don't have any debt other than a small auto loan that I just had to buy and wasn't part of our investment portfolio. So we would be able to pay cash for the remaining balance of the house, which is about $120,000. The house is worth about three 50 to three 80. It's in a decent neighborhood is where I grew up. So, So what price, so you have no, you pay mortgage right now or do you say again, I'm trying to figure out George, do you have a mortgage?


'cause you said you were blessed and I didn't hear amazing blessing in the form of crazy numbers that would set you up to buy this house. Oh no, I don't, we don't have any debt except for an auto loan. Okay. We have no mortgage. We have, we have another investment property that's paid off or any income's about 350,000 a year. Okay. Now we're getting some numbers, George. All right. And you're saying you could afford to pay cash for this property? Yes. And buy it before they go into foreclosure? Hopefully. What could you buy it for? I'm not sure what stage they're at it. My dad just sent me the payoff letter and like I said, it's, it's about one 13 left on the house and then, you know, late fees and taxes and all this other stuff.


They rolled into the payoff of one 20. But they're not gonna sell it to you for one 20. Why would they sell a $380,000 house for one 20? No, actually both of 'em are very on board with doing this. They don't have Money. They need the equity in the house. What are they gonna do? Because Now you own the house, they're gonna live for free is what's gonna happen, Steve? They can't afford to pay rent. Well, yeah, They're, they have it, it, it is a lot. But there is, yeah, my, my grandma passed away two years ago and they got some money from her and the issue is they maybe could pay off the house with that, but then they have nothing to pay live on.


So I'm like, well if I pay the house off, you have enough money to pay your, your electric bill, your insurance and everything else along with the for How long to, You know, I mean, they should have about $80,000. So Yeah, I I would hope they could live on that plus social security and, you know, odds jobs that my dad does. Let's play this through, let's say they continue financial misbehavior and blow through the 80 grand that you left alone. And now they're broke living off social security barely enough to feed themselves. Are you okay not taking any rent and just floating their bills for the rest of their life?


I'm okay with not taking any rent. Okay. Just know that you're not gonna evict your own parents if Bush comes to shove. And so I'm, I would rather just not get involved and say, Hey mom and dad, let's find you a place that you can afford to rent with the money that you do have. I don't wanna artificially prop up their life because that's gonna turn into entitlement on one side where they just go, well Steve is a nice guy. He's gonna cover our expenses forever. And so anytime we need something we're just gonna go to Steve. You want, it's now Bank of Steve. Yeah. Or it's resentment more financial misbehavior. You resent them, you want them out. You regret getting into this and now you're stuck in a conundrum.


'cause now you are the landlord. Right. So when they don't take care of the house, it's on you to fix it all. And so if you're saying you're financially able to do that and willing to for your parents, I got no problem with that. Just know that what you're getting into and it's don't couch it as well. This is an investment. I agree. Sure. You'll get it one day. That's right. And on paper, George is right. Steve, I mean you, this is a good investment for you. You're a good son, but I'm afraid it is gonna turn into, because you bailed 'em out on this, you're gonna bail 'em out on other stuff. The bigger issue needs to be I'll bail. Like if, okay, I'll just say this George, Steve, if I'm you, I, and, and I was wanting to do this, I wouldn't do it unless they allowed me. That's you to get into their finances and once and for all put some type of protections in place.


So the fraud's not happening all the time. He's just being careless at best if what you're describing is happening all the time. Right. So I would at least put some protections in there for you to say, this has gotta stop. I'll buy the house. It's an investor for me. You'll live rent free until the day you die. Fine. But that's it. And on top of that, I gotta know that this isn't gonna happen anymore. 'cause I think George is right. I'm afraid Bank of Steve is like, I think that's a reality. And I don't think you want that, do you? No. I'd rather you help them sell this thing and help them downsize into a place with cash. Me too. Me too. And you stay out of it and teach them how to manage the money they do have coming in.


That's the better scenario to help them live an independent life. Yeah. Where they're not reaching into your pursed strings every day. This could really ruin your life. Financial, I'll just say this, I've never seen financially, but emotionally I've never seen something like this work out great for all parties involved. Well, he's trying and Steve's a good person, good son, but he's trying to fix a situation he can't fix. And that's what I'm concerned about. It messes his life up. But hey, we've spoken. Quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Taking care of your health doesn't have to cost a fortune. That's why Field of Greens is in my house. Field of Greens is made from fruits and veggies selected by doctors to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism. And here's the best part. They're so confident your doctor will notice your improved health. They offer a money back guarantee, no questions asked. Try today and get 15% off@fieldofgreens.com slash RAMSEY promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY


Alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. You've joined The Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, winning your work and win in your relationships. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Let's go to Chris in San Francisco, California. Chris, How can we help today? Yeah. Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. I am re I'm coming into some inheritance. I've already gotten some, right now I have about $400,000 this next week. I get another about $300,000 and then there's somewhere around 500 to 700 more coming down the line.


Wow. Yeah. So yay for me. But I just, I don't really have a good plan of what to do with the money. My only debt right now is a, my, my primary residence about 70,000 on a pretty good loan. It's only like 2.25%. So it's really not cost us a lot. So I haven't paid that off yet, but I'm wondering one if I should pay that off with this next round of inheritance that comes in and then kind of what else to do with the money. Alright. Who, who passed away? Parents.


Parents. Wow. Was this recent, This last year? My mom, yeah. I'm so sorry. It's all Thank you. It's all essentially coming from property sales, so Okay. Multiple properties that'll, Have you looked into any tax implications of the inheritance? As far as I understand from our accountant that was helping us before my mom even passed away, that there is, we're not getting like taxed on any of, on any of it, which Okay. Is very surprising to me. But yeah, That's a good place to start there.


And then, you know, the, the first order of business is take a deep breath. This is Yeah. A lot of money and we don't, we want to, you know, manage it wisely and steward it wisely. And most people, you don't, you're not the type, but most people would go, Ooh, windfall, time to go get some toys, give some money, buy this, buy that. And just pausing for six months and just storing that money in a high yield savings account. Just let it sit for a little bit before you make any decisions is wise. And then filtering it through the baby steps. Your house sounds like it's next if that's your only debt remaining. And I know it's a low interest, but I don't think we're worried about interest rates at this point of our life. You're about to have so much wealth, you're gonna free up a mortgage payment that you can now use to invest.


And so it's gonna be a wash, but the peace of mind will be totally worth getting rid of that debt regardless of the interest rate. Yeah. And we, you know, before the money, my, my wife and I, we, we have a pretty good income. We're pretty, we're pretty comfortable. We, we, our first house we made like almost 300,000 on and, and when we moved, we, we got set up pretty, pretty comfortably with only having the, excuse me, the home loan. So Yeah. You know, what's Your current net worth? Well, I guess with the house and the, somewhere over a little over a million right now.


And that's, again, I don't, next week a house closes and that's somewhere around 300,000 that comes in. Maybe, maybe even like 3 25. Awesome. So you guys are already millionaires. So this is, you know, this is a lot of money. You're doubling your net worth overnight essentially. Yeah. And so now, now we go, okay, what does the future look like as we wanna build wealth and leaving inheritance to our children? And what kinda life do we wanna set up for ourselves? You know, what does retirement look like one day and what kind of work do we really wanna do now that money's not an issue? And so there's a, there's a lot of life changes that could be happening. Are you, both of you working right now?


Yeah. Okay. Do you guys have kids? Yeah. Two. Okay. Awesome. So, you know, looking at this from a high level perspective, we want to go, all right, we got a primary home paid for. Let's make sure that our retirements are fully funded. We're maxing out retirements, now we're gonna go the kids college, let's fund that. Let's put a portion of this in a 5 29 plan. Then it becomes do we want to invest in real estate or just mutual funds? And how do we look at giving, let's increase that, let's increase our, you know, spending a little bit as well and enjoy some of this money. So a good way to look at it is just not getting a flat tire where you're hoarding all of it in savings or you gave it all away or you spent it all and didn't save any of it.


And so it's a good way to just filter it through giving, saving and spending goals. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't disagree. I, I think having a long-term plan, sitting with somebody and now you guys actually have money, a lot of young couples, we would say as soon as you get outta debt and you begin to move into baby step three, then 40 go. Okay, you sit down and you begin to invest every month. What's that long-term play? You guys are there. So this is, let's get this money working for you, like George said, and man, how exciting and what a blessing this is for you. I mean, you guys should be very, very wealthy by the time you're 60. Very. I hope so. Hope. How old are You now? 44. Oh Goodness. Okay. I thought, you know what, I'll be honest with you, I thought you were a little younger than that.


He sounds all right. He sounds like in the early twenties. Mid twenties. Yeah. He's about your age. Yeah, I'm a little older. I'm being generous to Ken. But yeah, you're being very kind but Chris still, you're still gonna be very wealthy, you know what I mean, by investing this and, and getting this working for you now. So yeah. So just leapfrogs any goals you had and probably time to reassess. That's right. And get a team of experts on your side. Oh absolutely. If you don't already have a good financial advisor, jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com. Same for a tax pro. Yeah. You, you mentioned an accountant, if you like working with them, that's great. An estate attorney would be wise at this point, maybe a real estate expert if you wanna get into real estate and then make sure that you have the right coverage now. 'cause you've a bigger target on your back if something were to happen.


So I would reassess all of your insurance coverage. You definitely need an umbrella insurance if you don't already have that. And our friends at Xandr can help out with all of that to make sure that you are maxed to the gills on your home insurance, your auto insurance. I would get all of the liability coverage way up. That's a great call. I, I love that. I would call our friends at Xandr. I know Jeff personally. The guy's been around forever. Friend of Dave's, they'll take very good care of you. That's why we recommend them. That's very smart. Yeah. As you gather and build wealth. Yeah. You also need to protect the wealth that you're building. That's, yes. And that's where all of the different insurance products come into play. The right ones not the crappy ones. And that's where our friends at Xander will steer. You love that correctly. Alright, let's go to St.


Paul Min, Minneapolis area. McKenna is there. McKenna, How can we help? Hi, thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So my husband and I have completed baby steps three last fall. We've been kind of cash flowing to weddings we've been going to since then and investing in retirement. And at the end of this month, we're gonna get ready to start thinking about our next home. We have a mortgage on a town home currently. So my question would be at the end of this month, we're gonna start showing out some money into a savings account. We just don't really know if that's like a money market account, a high yield, or if that is investing in the market. If we're not planning on moving for another five years, if that's enough time to like ride out the market.


Hmm. Yeah. Five years would be the minimum for me to be investing in the market versus a shorter term goal where you have your money parked in a high yield savings account because you increase your chances of making money versus losing it. You know, when you start to extend the timeframes out, the bigger question is why not just pay extra on your mortgage and then sell the property, roll all the equity over to the next house. That's sort of, That was the other thing that we were thinking of. Yeah. What's the town Schedule? And it was, so it's about worth probably 2 65 to two 70. We have 2 39 remaining on it. And according to like an Amateurization, it would be about seven years to pay it off. Okay. Well I'll tell you what my wife and I did. We got a town home at the time, it was 300,000.


The loan was I think 165. And we just aggressively attacked that and we got it paid off and rolled a hundred percent of the equity into our next home. And we just kept doing that. And so I'd encourage you to do the same, to create a four savings plan. Because when you don't, here's what'll happen. You'll call back and say, Hey, we're thinking about keeping this town home as a rental and taking on an even bigger mortgage for the next home with very little down. That's the temptation that happens when you don't just force the savings plan into the mortgage. So that's the way I would do it. Ken, any thoughts? I feel like you've, I feel like you've taken that call before because you went into a head voice there. Oh wow. I didn't realize that you did an impersonation of what that call might be.


Yeah. And you, you're a little whiny. A little whiny. They love the idea of keeping it as the rental. That's always the move. I know. And boy, I'm telling you, boy, you had a little disdain in that. I just think there's a time and place for it. I think you're right by the way, taking on two mortgages. I think you're right. Hey. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just like how you went there. I think you've had that call one too many times. Sleep. It haunts me. Sleep. Sleep. It gives little indigestion. It lives rent free in my head. You don't like it. I wanna evict it. Is that, do you cover that in your book Breaking free from Brook? I do actually. Thank you. Get it. Wherever books are sold, this is The Ramsey Show Z show.


Okay. Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy plan. Request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs, distributed by Foresite Fund Services LLC.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. Excited to have you with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. George and I are here for you. The Ramsey Show question today is brought to you by Why Refi? Why Refi, refinances defaulted Private student loans. These are different than federal student loans. And Why Refi refinances those defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. So if you wanna kick your private student loan debt out of your life by going to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY, that's a good idea.


That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states. Today's question comes from Hayden in Washington DC when purchasing term life policy, the monthly premiums are affordable. However, while still paying off debt with gazelle like intensity, it seems that those premiums should be used to get out of debt faster. Any advice on adding a monthly cost in the form of a premium while also trying to get out of debt quickly? Yes. Lots of advice here. Namely, this is not an added cost. This is insurance and this protects you as you get at debt. It protects you as you build wealth. So the same would go for your health insurance. We would never tell someone to forego health insurance and auto insurance and homeowners insurance to get outta debt faster.


These are prerequisites to life. As an adult, you need a will, you need term life, you need auto, you need home, you need health. All of these things are requirements and therefore here's what you do. You get the term life policy through Xandr. Let's say it's $240 per year. You can set up a sinking fund line item in your budget of $20 per month that gets added in there so that by month 12 you have $240 saved, ready to pay that yearly premium if that's how you pay. That's how I do it for my family. And that's how I would recommend you do this as well. And I don't see insurance. I used to be very negative about insurance, Ken, when I was younger and go, oh my gosh, I gotta pay the insurance premium Now when I see that life insurance premium come through in particular, oh yeah.


I just go peace, thank God, because you thank God that my wife is gonna be okay because you got two special ladies in your life. Yes. And that's peace of mind. I remember the same thing. I remember every time I paid it or every time I would, you know, if I got a better rate, I was just, it wasn't about the money, it was about, I know that if something happens to me, Stacey and the kiddos are gonna be provided for. And that's what this is all about. Yeah. And if you want proof of how important this is, go listen to some of The Ramsey Show calls where a spouse passes away without life insurance. Now they're really an alert trying to pay off debt, losing that income. And so that's the goal of term life, to replace your income. If something should happen to you for the people that you love, you want 10 to 12 times your income in that policy.


15 or 20 year term policy should do it because if you follow the RAMSEY plan, you'll be self-insured by then. A paid for house, you've been investing for 20 years, your family's going to be okay at that point. But in the meantime, you need to transfer that risk to the insurance company. And Xandr is the folks we trust for all of those. So go to xandr.com and get that done and start your EveryDollar budget and add it as a line item. And thank me later. I agree. The EveryDollar budget right there will help you see. Oh, alright. I can move money from somewhere else. But that is a non-negotiable, by the way, you can get EveryDollar in the app store or Google Play or the link in our show notes. Clifton is up in Raleigh, North Carolina, Clifton, How can we help?


Hey guys. First thanks for taking my call. Sure. Been with you guys for about a year now and me and my wife are completely on board with this. We paid off about $230,000 in debt so far. Wow. Congratulations. That is no joke. How long has it taken to pay off? 230,018 Months. Wow. What did you find Gold? Yeah. You sell some stuff. Did you strike oil? No, no, no. My, my uncle retired from the family owned business and passed ownership to me. It's a business that's been in business since 1965 and we do really well and I've managed good for you. Just because I'm younger and can work harder, I've, I've managed to Triple the revenue from the last few years that he's getting in.


Congratulations. So Yeah, it's, it's going really well. And, and my wife's A-A-D-N-P so she makes really good money too. Oh Wow. And we live fairly frugally, so Yeah. You guys are just crushing it on all fronts. Right. But that does not get rid of the anxiety and stress I have with the debt that I have left. Yeah. Which is the reason for my call. Okay. We have, we built a house two years ago. I'm, I'm not really concerned about that. We sold our old house and built this one on a property. We bought the, the business though I, as soon as I took over the business, I reformed as an LLC, got the s selection so that I'm not taxed so heavily and, and I pay myself a salary from that business, which of course is taxed as personal income.


Sure. There was a, a loan that my uncle made to me, basically gave me the business, but I had to buy the complete inventory and he was very, very nice to me and gave me that on a seven year loan at two and a half percent interest. Okay. And, and I've paid that down to about 240,000 is what I have left out on it. Okay. And five years left to pay on it. So this is my question though. I'm paying myself a salary, so I get that every week. The rest of the money, because we're in s tax is in s is being kept into businesses retained earnings.


Yep. And it's pretty significant that the business, I think returning earnings this year alone was close to 200 in retained earnings. Okay. Awesome. And this is the question I'm concerned about just taking all of that money and paying the debt at once because then I'm kind of missing that safety that a business needs for a few months of operating expenses that things before I'm kind of paranoid, right? Because I, I've had the business for two years and, and I'm concerned that at any moment work could dry up and I owe all this money. Right. So, well You got five years. Do you have any other debt? No, we, we've, we that the other debt I told you I paid for, we cut up our credit cards as soon as we started listening to you, we cut up our credit cards.


We have no car notes. The only thing we have Alright, Is the two, four Is mortgage. Mortgage and the business debt. Okay. Alright. So Clifton question I have for you. So what are your quarters, are you on a traditional first quarter, second quarter? Or what, what, when is your first quarter done? As far as like tax? For tax purposes? No, just in your business, like with your books, like your profits. We, business business starts January 1st each Year. Okay. So of that retained earnings, it's currently 240 some thousand dollars. How often do you put money into that? Is it every month? I put all of the business money into that except for what I pay myself in our Business expenses. But I'm saying do you do that on a monthly basis? A quarterly or annually?


No, no. It's, it's done. It's, well, I guess you could say it's, it's done daily and maybe I'm, I'm not understanding the question, but when, Okay, so here's my point. They go to a savings account for retained earnings. Yeah. So let me, bills are paid each month. Okay. Here's what I, I I've, I was asking it one way I've confused you. Lemme come at this. What I would do if I were you, George, pushback on this, but you've got $240,000 roughly in retained earnings. You don't wanna empty it just to pay off the debt at once. And I agree with George, you got five years, but I think where I was trying to go with this is what if you right now, starting today, the two 40 or whatever it is you've got in retain earnings, what if every month or every day or every week as you're putting those in, I've, from this point forward, I would put it all towards the debt.


So in other words, okay. And that, or, or lemme say this, if, if the amount, like what is a year's worth of operating expenses for you? Total expenses, what's a year's worth? Probably 500,000. Okay. So George made That cost of good sold and everything. Okay, my point is, you got a good chunk. Leave the big chunk in. But now instead of adding to the chunk, George Yeah. I'm saying he should start now. The retained earnings don't go to the account. They go straight to the debt. I like that. What's your household income that you're taking home? I I I pay myself. Well, between me and my wife, it's right at 200. Okay, so based on the 200 and you paying off two 30 and 18 months, is there a similar trajectory?


Could you pay off the two 40 in less than 18 months? I, I, I think so. Well, okay. We have, my wife has a very small part of the debt we've paid off already was student loans from when she went back to school to get her doctorate and, and I think I have 21,000 left to pay on that, but it'll be paid within 30 days. Yeah, but that's personal. Could you, the question is on this business That's, that's my question. Like there's a difference here between personal expenses. Like I can begin taking the margin that we have in our personal budget and applying it to the dead island. The business Too. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Plus like Ken's saying, with your future profits coming in, instead of adding to the giant pile you have, let's also add that to instance, George, if he could put $20,000 a month towards the equipment line, oh yeah.


That's one year. Speed this thing up. He pays it off in a year. It's done. That's the idea. Just put all of your debts in the debt snowball. It's all tied to your name. So there is no business debt versus personal debt. You're just gonna snowball this thing and be done in a year, year and a half. Good call. Good hour. George Campbell, this is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win in your life, win with your money, win in your profession, and win with your relationships alongside the snappy atti and also witty brained George Kamel, you're too kind. I'm Ken Coleman. I had to give you two compliments. All I keep thinking of is you used the word magnanimous earlier and I can't stop thinking about it. Oh that's such a great word. It's a fun word. We should have a word of the hour. Maybe you would love that. Maybe. We'll, we'll kick that around in a program meeting. Probably will educate for viewers. Yeah, we'll do that. But nonetheless, we're here together for you. I'm Ken Coleman. He is George Campbell.


George will coach you up on the money, what to do with it. I'm gonna coach you up How to make more money. How about that? Make more money. Keep more money. Those would be our names. If we, we don't get through the baby steps, I think it will. So let's get started. Shall we, George Seattle, Washington is where we go. McKayla is there. McKayla? How can George and I help today? Hi I, it seems kind of silly and I'll try to keep this short, but I'm a pretty long-winded talker. Well I know That I'm too, my husband And I, my ex and I, I'm 28. We got married when I was 24. You know, we did all the right things. We got married, we bought a house, we got the toys to go along with it. We had a daughter and he really struggled with alcoholism.


And because of her safety, I ultimately decided to leave. He does not pay child support in our divorce. I said, you know, 200 bucks a month, I'll take care of it. You know, at that point I had been doing it by myself for so long that I was like, you know, it really doesn't matter. Right. My main thought At that time was I, I tried to give him, I think more grace than he probably should. I wanted him to be able to get back on his feet. He was living with his mom and you know, the truck that we had bought was $30,000. We got a loan, put five down, he owed 25 or we own 20 or owed 25.


And I just got a statement from them, and this has been a couple years now that there is still $25,000 left. And so what happens is he doesn't make any payments, they threaten to take it, he makes a big payment, you know, to give him off his back. Right. And I've talked to the lender and said, you know, what can I do? And they're basically saying nothing unless he refinances, which he has no interest in doing. So between the truck getting behind and then like he doesn't pay child support. I think he's paid it once. Last December he paid me the $200. Who told him it was Optional? I London. Well, so our, we don't have it enforced.


I haven't like gone through the child support division. We just put it on paper in our divorce. But I can make the call today to do it. The, the courts actually said his child support would be about 800. But again, yeah, I Was gonna say it sounds low. I was Just focus of like keep the truck payment current and you know, we'll, we'll kind of go from there Because the truck is in your name as well. Yeah. And so I'm just kind of wondering like if there's anything I can do to kind of get off that and if I should call and get the child support. Just taking out my fear is whenever I've brought this up to him, he kind of withdraws and stops taking our daughter and I just, I know it's not my responsibility to keep their relationship good.


But I do feel, you know, an obligation because she's so young to at least buy some time for her to make the choice on how their old, is she relationship progressive? She's two. Yeah. Mm. So I'm Is he stable? Like is he stable now? At least in from an employment and and living on his own? Or is he still with mama? No, he's still with mom and he's actually never taken me off of the joint account we had. So I don't use it but I can see it. I imagine there's some cash coming through that I don't see because I've never seen a payment to his mom. I've never seen any sort of large withdrawal from the account. I mean it's literally all, I'm sorry, it's alcohol, it's $30 at gas stations here and there, the occasional gas stop.


Does he have a job a hundred Dollars at Walmart? You know? Yeah. Yeah. He has a job and from what I can see he gets about $800 a week through that job. What is his job? But He doesn't help. I'm, I think he's working construction now doing concrete and he just, I mean he doesn't, he doesn't do daycare. He doesn't, he sees her on Monday and Wednesdays for a couple hours and then he sees her, he gets her friend overnight on Friday. And if he were to be paying you and To a point where If he were to be, sorry to interrupt, but if he were to pay you $200 a month, would it make that much difference to you? Well That's fine. I'm kind of like torn because I'm working through the baby steps on my own to just try to get ahead.


I've got two credit cards that, I mean, my debt's less than 5,000 in my car I paid off when we sold our house. Like I'm doing okay. Unless I'm kind of like, is it even worth roughly in the feathers? But at the same time I'm like, it's been, you know, a year and a half and you haven't done anything and you're flaking on taking her all the time. So if you're not gonna at least feel, but You're the sweetest person I've ever talked to. You have spent your whole life trying to avoid, avoid the feathers, getting ruffled So much. Grace, You're very kind. I just, at some point you cant let people walk all over you Like this. He's What's that? Say that part again. It's just like he's a good, he's a good friend to his friends. He's a good, you know, but he's just not a good partner and he is not been a great dad up until You can be a great drinking buddy and be a terrible husband.


Yes. Well I would say this. Yeah. And that's kind of, If I were, if you were my sister and that's how I'm gonna react to this. If you were my sister, I would be saying I would be putting up strong boundary. 'cause my concern is the alcoholism and the time. Like my number one concern is not the $200. I'll get to that in a second. My number one concern if you were my sister would be that's my niece. That's your daughter. And, and I don't like her with an alcoholic father. I don't care how nice and sweet he is and how many stuffed animals he buys. Yeah. There needs to be a boundary there. And he, he needs, he needs to hit rock bottom and as long as he's staying with mom and he gets to see your daughter, he's not hitting rock bottom.


So I would be dealing with that. Right. If it were just the $200, I would say forget it because it's not worth the fight. And I'm not sure it is. And I'm still on that note of it's $2,400 a year. Sure. It'd be great for you to get it to George's point, he owes it. But George, I'm more concerned about the, the alcoholism, the custody. And I might use the $200. I might go to the court and go, I need some help with this. And you let him know. Give him some fair warning. Yeah. Hey Listen. Oh yeah. I'm very transparent with him. I like, I sent him a long message last week. I said, here's kind of where I'm at. Like, I need you to think about this because we can't continue what we're doing.


Did he respond? I do have solace. Yeah. He just, he just kind of says, okay, you know, I'll too, I can do, but I know nothing will come. I have comfort when he, because he's living with his mom and I know her mom and we have an okay relationship, but my daughter's at least safe while she's there. 'cause Right. They're there, you know, so I'm like, I have, part of me is like, don't move outta your house. Well then I wouldn't mess around. I mean, George, what do you think? I, I just feel like did you go through the courts for this? Was there a decree? Yes. So everything was actually finalized this month on the 18th. So why did the judge not finalize and say, Hey, he's gotta a refinance seller, pay this car off and force it as part of the deal. So they did so on, on paper it does say that he's responsible for that because, I mean, I gave him, literally I gave him everything Else.


He's responsible for What? The house and half we for the truck loan. But the lender is saying, well, you signed the loan so you are not off the hook. Well They need to force, the decree would then force a refinance in order to get your name off of it. And so you need to go, I, it's not gonna be fun. You gotta go back to the courts and say here's everything on paper. Which by the way is now the law of what he has to do. That's right. And he's not doing it. And as long as you keep letting him not do it, he's gonna keep not doing it. And so I'm, I would not have as much grace as you. I'm gonna fight this on behalf of my own family and my own financial future. You know, if I were ever a governor of a state, one of the first things I'd do is a deadbeat dad policy.


And I'd put 'em to hard work, hard labor until they shaped up. You got my, this is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. You've probably heard people talk about different kinds of flags and friendships and romantic relationships. Red flags, green flags, beige flags. Listen, it can be helpful to look for patterns or unsafe behaviors in potential relationships, but all those labels can distract from what's really important, your values. And whether you and your potential partner are willing to wake up every day and choose to honor each other's values. And look, I know it can be tough sometimes to even know what's important to you in a relationship. Therapy can help you figure out what your values actually are and decide your boundaries and your non-negotiables. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy that works with your schedule to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. If it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or working on yourself, do it with help from BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Okay. Picture this, you sit down to do your taxes, but instead of stressing out, you're actually ahead of the game and filing with an affordable software that makes your computer shoot confetti when you're done. Okay. Not that last part. But RAMSEY Smart Tax does make filing easy and doesn't make your bank account cry. RAMSEY Smart Tax is a hundred percent accurate software that's honest about its pricing and is backed by a company who's been in the business for over 50 years. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax to take advantage of early bird pricing and stress free filing. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Welcome to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is alongside, we're glad you are with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. Kristen is up in Billings, Montana. Kristen, How can we help? Hi, thank you for taking my call. You bet. My husband and I have a slight disagreement. I have, most of what our income is is rental houses and in 2023 we purchased four new houses that puts us up to 24. And we've already paid one of them off. We still have three outstanding mortgages. And the total for all of them combined is right about 420,000.


And I have a stock portfolio that has $506,000 in it. His, his idea is that we go cash it out right now and go to pay off the mortgages. I'm like, no, that's kind of my, that that was my plan for retirement in case everything else went south. The way things are sitting up where we're scheduled to have all three of these other mortgages paid off by the mid of 2028, and I don't see what would be the point of cashing out all of my stock portfolio to pay them off now if we're literally going to have them paid off in the next couple of years. Mm hmm.


Well, I don't think anyone's in the wrong here. I don't think anything is on fire. I do think we might need to get to the motive and heart behind it and then we can look at math and go, okay, what mathematically should and would happen if we pay off the mortgages, we free up those payments which we can now invest. Right. So there's one side of it. It also reduces your risk, gives you more peace. We don't know what the next three years hold, I hope it's all sunshine and rainbows. The world is a wild place. Right. We don't know what's gonna happen with the tenants and all of that. And so it's gonna give you a little more peace, less risk on the other side. You have the stock portfolio. Is this your entire nest egg?


For the most part, it's literally, that is mine. Aside from, I only work 26 hours a week doing home healthcare. And so then I also manage our 24 rentals. But, so I only have 7,000 in a 401k of my own. And then he has 22,000 in his 401k. Okay. But other than that, that's really, Is this stock portfolio non-retirement just an a taxable brokerage account? And what is it invested in? It's in a combination of mutual funds, independent independent stocks as well. I've had it managed by the same gentleman for the last 20, I'm 41.


Okay. And he's managed it and he gets, you know, somewhere between a 13, 14% every year return, even when the market took a crash in 2023. Okay. So you trust this person. So I think he Knows what he's doing. Yes. Okay. And I just, I don't know if it would be worth pulling it out to pick, because we bring in on a, if you average how we always have one or two tenants who is either late or misses a month. So we bring in about 21 and a half thousand every month on rent. So it's not like if we were to have to worry about, so you know, there's enough to cover. And what are the total mortgage payments that you're making right now?


The three of them combined, the minimums would be 3,800. We're putting 10,000 a month on the other one. Okay. On one of the three. So if you take 3,800 a month and invest it instead you're gonna be okay from 41 to 60. Right. Okay. So you see his point. I'm just trying to, I'm playing devil's advocate to show you the other side on top of the interest savings of not paying interest on these mortgages for the next three years. Having them paid for. So again, I don't think there's anything wrong with following your plan and going, Hey, I'm gonna just, we're gonna pay these off in the next three years. I think it's a great plan to have a fully paid off rental portfolio. You guys have done really well. Nothing is on fire.


Nothing's gonna put you in crazy risk. But I can see his point. And I don't think it's as bad as you think. I know you want a nest egg portfolio. The rental properties are part of your nest egg. You have 24 paid four rental properties. If you need money, you know where to get it. That's either, either from the cash flow or you can sell one. If worse comes to worst, what's the total worth? Did you get that number? What is the total all 24? What are they? What's the value? Well our market here has been absolutely nuts. So I have, the tax valuation is 4.2 million. So I know it's more, I don't want the tax valuation. What, like if you were to sell all 24 today, a modest projection on what you could get for them, not a fire sale, but you get market value.


What is the worth of all 24 roughly? I would say it's probably closer to 5 million. Okay. See that's what's, and you're 40 point, that's the point George is making. I was kind of waiting to go, who cares about the 22,000 over here and the 24 there? Like the 5 million is, is the number and you could cash out of those at any time and invest that. You know what I mean? That's just a whole different ball game. So I, I could see both sides as well. I really can't. So is there a compromise where maybe we go, all right, once every year I'm gonna cash out enough to pay off one mortgage. Split the difference That that would be entirely doable. There we go. I think that makes him feel a little better.


And it does reduce your risk. It causes you guys to make a little more progress than you would have and it causes you to slowly deplete this portfolio. And remember, you're gonna free up a payment that you can now invest on your own volition as you please. That's right. And so I I, either way this is a good problem to have. You guys are doing really well. No, we're not ringing our hands for you guys. You guys are in really good shape. I am the least worried about this. Yeah. But I do think just some compromise would give, get you guys to an agreement and cause you to move forward. 'cause this is living in your head rent free right now. It doesn't need to. No, that's good. Thanks. Properties to manage. Yeah, absolutely. Way to go Kristen. That's incredible. Well thank you. 5 million portfolio help.


Yeah, 5 million at 40 years old. You know, you could do worse. You know she's right. She's talking about that area of Montana is going bananas. People wanting to get out there. You and I should have seen that craze should have done it. We we should. We went out there and bought Cowboy you and I. Could you imagine when our big cowboy hats and living off the fat of the land. Yeah. It's always been a dream of mine. Yeah. Yeah. I see one of us having a blister and the other a splinter. You know what really bothers me? Never see a cowboy with glasses on What's going on? Present us. You know what? You make a very good point. They all have 2020 vision out there. I'm trying to think of the last major movie or television show that had cowboys in it where they were wearing glasses who said that you can't be a cool manly cowboy and have vision impairment.


I'll tell you what I'm thinking, I'm thinking Jason Priestly's character. He's from 9 0 2 1. Oh you don't even know that show You're dating yourself. He had a character in Tombstone and he, his character wore glasses, but he was a wimpy guy. There you go. That is what I'm saying. So I'm, I'm with you. I'm done with it. You know what, Hollywood needs to cast a cowboy with some glasses and I'm available. You know, America's ready for it. You think so? Yeah. A Middle Eastern cowboy with glasses. Hey I'm, they call me the Costco cowboy, so I'm already halfway there. Who is they? The people. Is this the thing?


Yeah. Has one person got in your dms one time? Yes. And called you the Costco Cowboy? The amount of times people send me just Kirkland signature related content would blow your mind, Ken. Well you've made a big deal out of it. That's my fault. That is on me. So that it is. I love it. Oh, can we get to a social question? Do we have time for one? Do you have yours? I've got 'em ready. I was looking for one actually. As we were talking about you being a cowboy. Ooh, this is a great one for you Ken. Go for it. Go for it. Johnny from TikTok. Johnny, during what point in the baby steps is it best to start a business? What say you baby step at what? During what 0.4. That's when you're debt free with an emergency fund. Yeah. We've got an emergency fund and now we're, we're able to, we have enough margin to, to do baby step four, which then tells me, all right, I've got enough margin to start something on the side.


Now you the quote, the way the question was worded. It says when is it best? Is that correct? During what point is it best? Is it best? That's ideal. Ideal is you've got the financial foundation. I'm not gonna get mad at somebody if they are able to start a side hustle, for instance, with very little cash capital outlay and it helps pay off debt. In other words, you know, I've talked about this as a, people have started trash can washing businesses lawn mowing. So it's okay if it's that to help us get through the baby steps faster. But something that's like, I wanna try to live on this and this is my future. I don't like you trying to do that during baby step two and three. Yeah. And the more the startup costs, the more we say, Hey, you need to wait until you are debt, debt free with an emergency fund, my friend.


So baby step four is when it's time to start going. Okay. What could this look like? Good question though, John From Johnny, from TikTok, Johnny TikTok, you gotta, they they also call me Johnny TikTok. They call you that Yeah. Nickname from high school. I like I could combine those and call you the Costco Cowboy Johnny TikTok. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back with more of those dad jokes.


You shouldn't own a gun. You're not willing to shoot in moments of self-defense. A burna launcher lets you protect yourself in a non-lethal way. That's exactly why burnout launchers were created. Everyone from parents and nurses to pastors and even special forces veterans rely on Burna to protect themselves and their families. I own several burners myself. They look like guns, but they're not. They shoot a 68 caliber round kinetic or chemical irritant projectile that can disable a threat from up to 60 feet away. And they're powered by compressed CO2 cartridges. So they're classified with paintball and airsoft guns, but they're more powerful than those for increased protection. Not to mention burner launchers are legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped directly to your door. Plus RAMSEY fans can get 10% off an exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave.


People ask me all the time. George, what's your number one money saving hack? I'm glad you asked. Nothing makes me happier than helping another frugal friend. So here's the hack. Get on a budget. Seriously, how are you supposed to save money if you don't know how much you're spending in the first place? And that's what makes the EveryDollar budgeting app a game changer. With EveryDollar, you'll get a clear picture of your spending and from there it's easy to see where you can get more intentional cut back and save more money. So how much money are we talking here? Well the average EveryDollar Budgeter frees up $395 in their first budget. That's the hack. And if you ask me, I think you're way above average and you'll save even more. So what are you doing? Still listening to me. Go download the EveryDollar app for free and start saving more money right now.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and George Campbell is joining me this hour. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. You know George, before we get to the phones, I thought it might be fun to talk nerdy. You know I love talking nerdy. I mean you talk nerdy as about as well as anybody I know. Well, you know, you know more big words than anyone I know. So we both relate in that way. And so this is a fun little segment. Yeah. Where George nerds out on the fine print, if you will, as the former host of the fine print. Do you still do those? You don't do this? No, I miss it.


We kind of switched it up and did my YouTube channel, which is a version of the fine print podcast. Alright. But it's the same thing. I wanna break down these. What are we doing today? Money concepts that can feel overwhelming, complicated, right? I never fully understood it and I wanna break it down quickly for the benefit of the people listening and watching. I can't wait. What is the topic today? Refinancing. Ah, so you've heard of financing. We're talking about re we're refinancing coming back to the table, boo. Yeah. Okay. And we're gonna specifically focus on refinancing a mortgage. Okay. Oh man. So if you bought a home when interest rates were high, you may be wondering if refinancing might save you some money. Now that rates have dropped a little bit. Well it can, but it also depends. So what is this mortgage refinancing? Very simply, it's when you replace your current mortgage with a new one.


Why should you do it? Why do people do this? Well, number one, to get a lower interest rate, right? So you gotta make sure that refinancing will save you money in the long run more than it costs you. Number two people do it to reduce the loan term and become debt-free faster. So you go from a 30 year mortgage or an adjustable rate mortgage to a fixed rate, 15 year mortgage for example. And that can get you a lower interest rate, shorter mortgage payoff, get your house paid off sooner, double win. Another reason people do it is to get rid of PMI private mortgage insurance. And that's a, that's a great way to pay less on that monthly payment 'cause you're not paying the lender anymore and it really just protects them in case you foreclose. And lastly, like I mentioned, you're switching the loan type.


A lot of people have an adjustable rate mortgage and maybe they want to go to a fixed rate mortgage. That would be a good time to refinance as well to avoid those rate fluctuations. So for everyone out there, here's the questions to ask yourself. How much will my interest rate go down? How much will it save me? And what will I pay in closing costs? And closing costs can run about two to 6% of the total amount you're borrowing depending on your situation where you're at. All of that. So here's the deal. Simply only refinance if you gives you a lower interest rate and saves you more money than it costs. So an example, if you save 2,500 bucks a year refinancing, but you have 10 grand in closing costs, it will take four years to break even before you start saving money.


So refinancing is only a good idea if you plan to stay put long enough to save money. So that's kind of where you gotta weigh it and go right, you know, we do plan on staying here long enough to get the ROI on this. So it's, it's that simple. Here's six steps. If you're ready to do this, crunch the numbers to see if it makes sense financially. Number two, you've gotta shop around for the best interest rate. Three, you gotta choose a lender. Don't forget to ask about those closing costs, the fees, the prepayment penalties. A lot of them will lure you in and go, oh we're gonna give you a great rate. But then they ding you with all these fees on the back end to make up for it. Oh yeah, don't fall for that one. Little, little bait and switch. Bait and switch. They you love that term. I was looking for it. You helped me out. I got there faster. I'm quick to the draw.


You are cowboy camel here. That's it. And number four, you gotta lock in the rate five. You'll go through the underwriting process just like you did when you got the original mortgage. And then six, you close on the new mortgage. Good for you. So here's the deal, if you need help, you got questions with this about refinancing, do what I do, reach out to our RAMSEY trusted friends at Churchill Mortgage. They are experts in this. And you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash mortgage or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. Quick and painless. Ken, this is why I like refinancing one. You talk nerdy. I mean we all need a little nerdy talk. Some people fell asleep at the wheel. I don't think so in that segment. I think you laid it out beautifully. Some people were so riveted. Yeah, I loved it.


I thought it was very helpful. So there you go. And by the way, he mentioned it very briefly, got a call back to it. This is why you want to go to George Campbell's YouTube channel. He's got all kinds of really fun and and it's just, it's made for you too. We break it down for the people. Yeah, break it down. You make it fun. You make it palatable no matter what it is. Yeah. So we make it palatable that that is true. Joseph is up next in Dallas, Texas. Joseph, How can we help? Hey, how's it going? Good. How are you sir? Good. It's just a real privilege to be on the show. It's kind of, kind of surreal. So thank you very much. I feel very honored. Appreciate it. Well We're honored to talk to you. What we, what can we help with today? Well, so I just recently started a job about going on six months ago.


I, I do enjoy my job and my bosses are great. It's a good company. I, I mean I think they really do right by their patients and, but the thing, the trouble I'm having is I am making less than I was expected when I started because I am on a, a pay per visit scale. So my base salary is 73,000. But what I was initially told was on average, if I see a certain amount of patients per week, I, I would probably get around 85,000. But over my time working here, I haven't been seeing that unfortunately. And it's not because of, it's not their fault, it's just external factors like patient cancellations and such.


What business are you in? I guess my, Oh sorry. I guess I should have mentioned that. I apologize. I'm a physical therapist. Oh, okay. And so if I understood you correctly, the anticipated number of 83,000 that you got excited about when you signed on hasn't been met because you've not seen the amount of patients that they said you would need to see in order to hit that number. Correct. And just, Okay. And what is it that you think you should be making? 'cause you let off by going, I'm not making what I should be. So what is that number? Yeah, I mean about 85,000 is what I anticipated making. Okay. Well but you anticipated it based on them saying you'll make roughly this if you see this many patients.


So what options do you have? Are there other physical therapy businesses that have a, a, a higher foot traffic? There certainly are. I chose this particular setting just 'cause I would work with the neuro population and it was, I liked what the company was about, but for me as well, I'm also just, I have a lot of student loan debt. Gotcha. And this, you know, I'm just trying to make sure I make that right decision. So, well the right, The decision right now at this point in your career, how old are you?


I'm 27. Okay. At this point in your career with a lot of student loan debt and do you have other debt outside of student loans? I do have a car payment, but that, that would be it. Okay. So what's your total amount of debt? It's 247,000 y Yay. Okay. The answer's really easy. Yeah. We're not staying at a place because we really like it. We, we need to make money and you need to make as much as money as you possibly can. Now this is doable and George, you've coached a lot of people to do this, but I I, you know, if your call is, your question was, should I stay? Is that what I'm getting at?


Yes. Just 'cause I've only been, I mean I've been there a short time. Doesn't Matter. I doesn't matter. Can you get a job right now where you can get a 15, $20,000 bump? You think that's even possible? Oh, that's, that's definitely possible my Man. We get the best paying job possible in order to attack this debt with everything you have. And there's more than one great company in America. And so you will find it. But you need to be making six figures in order to pay this off in the foreseeable future, Joseph. And that might mean you get that new job and you take on a bunch of side hustles and work overtime and, and and for the next three to four years in order to knock this out. I agree. What's the car line? I agree. I agree. Agree. What's left on it?


7,000. Okay. So the majority of it was PT school? Yes. Yes. Just PT school. Do you have any savings? Yeah, I, I do have some savings and I did have a sign on bonus so I'm trying just not to use that. How much savings are You have? Majority of the savings. 4,000 George, tell him what he does. Well you got a bunch of loans out there, right? Probably 15 to 20 different student loans. You're gonna attack that smallest one and free up a little payment. What that's gonna do is give you a little light at the end of this tunnel that you're actually gonna get out of this thing. So the longer you hang on to all of the savings, it's gonna give you a false sense of relief. 'cause my friend, there's an avalanche on the other side and we have to start attacking that thing One bite at a time.


That's the baby steps. Yeah. So hang on, I'm gonna send you a copy of my book, breaking free from Broke to give you the step-by-step plan, give you the motivation to climb out of this thing. And I'm also gonna send you Ken's book. Which one should we send him? Ken, what's gonna be most helpful to him? I think the proximity principle because he needs to be leveraging relationships as much as he can to move up the ladder as quickly as he can to be able to take that income and do what you just told him to do. So hang on, we'll give you the proximity principle as well. Alright, quick break. George has to gargle with salt water. Thank you. And then I'll check on him, make sure he is okay and we'll be back. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey guys, George Kamel here. Do you ever feel like insurance companies only care about your money and not what you actually need?


Well, there's a better way. When you go to Ramsey's Insurance Resource Hub, you'll start feeling confident that you're getting the right coverage that's truly best for you. You'll find helpful info on everything from life insurance, health insurance, identity theft, protection and more. And when you're ready to get the coverage you need, you can connect with a RAMSEY Trusted Insurance Pro who will only get you what you need at the best price. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. Oh boy George, I was looking the other day at the calendar and I thought I gotta give with my tax pro.


So you were dreading it. Not dreading it, but I just, the very word of tax gives me indi anxiety. Yeah, it's a what I like to call a Tums moment. Meanwhile I just scanned some some tax files. Did you? For my upcoming appointment at the printer and I was stoked. Yeah, Stacy is, is gathering all of our documents and I am, I am Stacy in this situation. We, we, we will meet with our tax pro and anyway, nonetheless, hey, it's coming around the corner and one of the best things you can do is to have a good tax pro in your corner. And again, I'm telling you, I'm gonna say hi to David. He's local, he listens nice. So he'll hear this nice two days from now. Nice. And I'll get an email from you David, Stacey and I love you. We appreciate you sir. He takes good care of us. He's our tax pro. I'm not kidding around.


I sleep very, very well at night knowing David is on David's got it. The job. And so they help you. He helps us. I mean he helps us think about so many different angles, deductions, life changes. Oh, he's the deduction king. He's amazing. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tax Pro to find a CPA and enrolled agents that have been vetted by our team at RAMSEY. It's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tax Pro. Do you do your own? No, I've got a Tax Pro. 'cause again, it's one of the, it's like getting my loan. You don't do a shout out for your tax Pro. Well that I love my Tax Pro more than you love your tax pro. Here's the thing, I don't want other people find them and now they're booked up. I just did a first name only. I still don't, I got trust issues.


They have a very unique name. Alright. Can't give it away. Whoever George's Tax Pro is. I tried. I tried. He's not willing to give you stuff. I'm not giving it up. Once you got a good one, you don't give it up. But you can find a trust one in your area. That's right. At Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tax pro. And here's the deal. Our tax pros aren't gonna be like, have you ever thought about getting a GWA to write it off as a business? No. No. They're not gonna give you, I've thought about getting a GWA tax advice for some write off. Do you think I would look good driving a gwa? Would you look good? Yeah. Who doesn't look good? You know? Well I don't know. I mean some people shouldn't probably drive a gwa. Yeah, I did see a pink cyber truck the other day and I thought wow, it could get uglier. I didn't think then. So I have not seen those. That had to be like some kind of Mary Kay situ.


I don't know what was happening with that pink cyber trial. George. It's a dark time. You won't shout out your tax pro, but you'll give Mary Kay some love. That wasn't love. I'll tell you that much. You know me. Oh, we're having fun folks. What are you waiting on? Levi's up in Las Vegas. Viva Las Vegas. Levi, How can we help? Hey Ken. Hey George. Thanks so much for taking my call. Sure. So I'm getting ready for about a hundred thousand dollars in expenses at the same time that I'm going to be losing my income. Oof. My wife and I, what are getting ready for graduate school. Okay. We're both gonna be starting grad school this year. Wow. I'm gonna get a doctorate in physical therapy and she'll be getting her master's in dietetics administration and I mean eventually we'd love to start a business together where we can kind of help people improve their health.


Yeah. Through diet and exercise. So we've known, this has been coming for a long time. We've been married for four years and we've been preparing since the moment we knew that we wanted to start this career. And so if I'm understanding, lemme jump in real quick just for us and then the folks following along at home. So that's with you both going full time to grad school, that's why we're losing the a hundred thousand dollars income. Yeah, so, well I also, my current job, I take care of a kid with autism and he graduates in May. So it just happens to work out really nice that I don't, there's no more need for my job. So I lose my job and then the next two weeks later I start school. But what was your plan to cover living expenses while you both are in grad school?


So we've been saving a lot of money. We've been blessed in so many different ways. So we have about $70,000 in a high yield savings account. We're closing another investment account that's got about $30,000 in it and we're gonna transfer that money into our high yield savings account. Okay. And then we've got about 20,000 in another investment account and about 20,000 in cash between our savings and checking accounts. Okay. So you have 140 that you'll have liquid you need to cover. Yeah. You use a hundred to cover grad school for both of you? Is that what you were saying? So my grad school will cost 90,000 and hers will cost 20,000. But her family has graciously offered to pay for her tuition.


Wow. Okay. Good for her. So are you good? That's amazing. You'll have 40 grand left over after grad school's covered and you got a baby on the way. So let's keep a big portion of that saved up as an our emergency fund. Do you guys have any debt? Yeah, No, we have zero debt. We own a house and we've got three bedrooms and we rent out two of the bedrooms to friends and they pay five 50 a month. And so really after taking all our living expenses and our rental income we're, we only have to pay about 12,000 a year for our housing expenses. Wow, okay. And you guys are living pretty frugally it sounds like. That's good. So we've got Yeah, most of this figured out. What's the question?


So my big question is, we wanna be good parents. We didn't think that we'd be able to have a child and now the due date is the week after my wife is supposed to start graduate school. And so I'm worried that the money that we do have won't quite stretch far enough through grad school. And I'm also worried about how can we buy time with our child. We don't necessarily want to do daycare or anything like that, but How long is your program? We're not Three years. So you won't be working for three years. So I'll be out of a job for three years and my wife will not be able to work for the first year.


Her program is accelerated, but we're also not sure How Is that money? You don't have the money, you do not have the money right now to make it, you know that right. For three years. Yeah. So I'll tell you what I would do. I'm gonna throw this at George 'cause he's crunching the numbers over here. If it were me, I would, I would have your, your wife continue to work and have her pause grad school, have her pause grad school, her two year program or Well, I didn't ask. Hers is a lot less money and we know that. How long is it? It's one year. I would push hers and knock yours out so that you guys can again have some income coming in.


I know she's gonna have a baby, but, and what about health insurance? Yeah, Health insurance will be covered through my graduate school. Okay. I would And Medicaid for me not having a job. George, do you I I I just think we're trying to do a lot at once year. I almost wanna push his back another year. Yeah. What's the game plan if you're not working for three years? She's gonna keep working. She's gonna take a maternity leave for a few months I imagine. Now and then is she planning on going back to work? Because you said you wanna also have time with the baby if she's not in grad school. If we do the plan that I'm suggesting where we wait for her to go to grad school after you're finished and she, but she has the baby, what kind of income does she bring in?


So if she doesn't go to grad school right now she's making well under 20,000 this year. She made less than 10,000 this year. But that's Not even real money. That's like a part-time babysitting job. Yeah. She's still, she's a full-time student and president of lots of clubs at our university. But if she gets her master's degree, then she could potentially be earning 70,000. Yeah. You guys are called starve. You called us and asked us what we thought. We don't think you got enough money to do this. So I would delay either her. Okay. And she goes and gets a 40, $50,000 job at minimum to be able to, to make up the difference. And that means somebody's watching the baby while she's working. I mean, you guys gotta figure this out.


Or if I were you Yeah. She can't be a full-time mom at home with the baby and full-time at work pursuing this dream. And so you may have to push your grad degree off two years. You go get a good job, push it off a couple years. Okay. Have baby. I would have a a, you know, a come to Jesus reassess conversation with your wife tonight and go, Hey, listen, we both had these dreams. Yeah. They'll happen one day right now we gotta delay one of these dreams so that we can eat and provide a And I will tell you home for this baby, I'm with you George. And, and, and Levi, I'm just, I'm talking like I'm old enough to be your dad. So here you go. Plenty old enough. Thank you George. I I would the baby is the number one dream right now.


Yeah. And let's, you've done very well to put that money away and to stay debt free. You are not hurting your professional. Listen to me, Levi. You are not hurting your professional chances and your potential by delaying this a year or two. Okay, let's, let's get the wife outta school, a part-time job or full-time mama and you're working full-time, will keep stacking cash. Please take your time on this. Don't rush this. George, your thoughts on that final word? No, I'm with, I'm with Papa Ken over here. Thank you. This is the best thing for you and your family and the careers. If they need to take a back seat for now, I'm okay with that. Yeah, that education will still be there, trust me. Alright, George.


Good hour. Good stuff. Appreciate all of you for listening. Thanks to our crew for keeping us on the air. This is The Ramsey Show. The right questions are the key to unlock personal and professional potential. It means if you're not where you want to be, you are not asking the right questions.


I'm Ken Coleman and this is what my new show Front Row Seat is all about. Over my career, I've had the distinct privilege to interview successful people from all walks of life and to coach over 10,000 professionals who wanted more. What sets successful people apart is a never ending desire to learn and grow. Each week I'll be joined by industry leaders and world class experts to have a conversation about how to get better, move up and lead well in work and life. But the best part of this show is you get to be a part of the conversation. Live in Studio will have a group of professionals just like you, who have the power to ask questions and steer the discussion in real time. It's an opportunity to get real answers to real questions, like how to make the right decisions, have hard conversations, live a balanced life, and discover your Next Steps to growth.


Join us every Tuesday for conversations that are guaranteed to surprise, challenge, and inspire you. Check out Front Row Seat wherever you get your podcasts.