
Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author, host of the Rachel Cruz Show. And my daughter is my co-host today. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Marie's in Sacramento. How are you, Marie? Hi, I'm doing good. Thank you guys for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So me and my husband just finished up baby step 3D and we are buying our first home.


So we just put in an offer for a house that we really like. It was very reasonably priced. We have about 5% down that you guys recommend for the first home. And in negotiations, they, the sellers weren't willing to give up their appliances. And so that was gonna be an extra $3,000 cost. We have like the 5% down, little bit extra for closing costs in our emergency fund. And I'm not sure if that $3,000 should come from taking a little bit less down our emergency fund or if it's a sign that we're just not ready to buy a house yet. Okay.


So it's not an emergency. Yeah. So it doesn't come from the emergency fund. That's an easy one, right? Yes. And I, I don't know if I go so far as it's just not assigned to not buy the house. What's your household income? About $150,000. Which little Bit? Appliance? Variable in my Which appliance? Oh no, which appliances? Fridge and the washer and dryer. Where's the fridge? The, the house that you're in. Are you renting? Yes, we are. So you don't own the appliances there at all? No, we do not. Okay. All Right.


Okay. You know, I, it, it feels like to me that you're buying a first house and this bump in the road scared you and it may makes you wanna, it makes you kind of go, Oh no, maybe I'm not ready. Well, I, 'cause it's not, it's $3,000 when you make $120,000 a year. Shouldn't be, you know, we ought to be able to figure out a workaround, right? Like we go get a refrigerator and we wait a month and a half, or we get used washer and dryer and we figured out where it's 2000 or $1,500 to do all this and Yeah. Or, or you buy a cheaper version of both and upgrade it a year from now or two years from now and throw it out. I don't care. But, But the 3000 scared you that you were like, we can't even cover $3,000.


Can we own a home? No, because the expenses of, of a No, it's not necessarily Sorry. No, I was gonna say 'cause the expenses of a of other things could be so much more. I could see how that's like intimidating where you think, oh my gosh, if $3,000 is throwing us off, what if the roof, something happened to the roof or the, you know, the HVAC or something that's, that's seven times more than just this, like what we do. You got an emergency fund for that though. Yeah, I know, but I'm just thinking of her thought process, like of how, how that can like make you stop and actually question like, oh my gosh, are we okay financially Do this? Okay, well, so the contract is still under negotiation or are you signed for it? It's still under negotiation. We offered like 3000 less than we had originally offered.


If they're not gonna include the appliances, but we're still waiting to hear back. I think that since we're just at that 5%, I think I'm just like nervous that I, You're border, you're borderline that, I mean, you're not, you're not stroking a big check here. You know, I, the other thing you could do is say, I don't have to buy this house. Yeah. And walk away and go buy different house that has appliances with it and it fits your numbers. That that's the thing. And so it, you know, and the interesting thing happens when you walk away from negotiations sometimes they suddenly give up the appliances. Like, I'm not losing what's the price range on the home? It's three 20. Yeah. So these idiots are gonna lose a $320,000 sale on a house over three grand of used refrigerator.


We don't know yet. They've not come back. I, And said that they're willing, that could, they're willing to put it on the line. They could. That you're, they're willing, you know, if I'm the agent, I'm looking at these people and dope slapping 'em. I mean, you guys are nuts. You're gonna lose the whole deal over 320 grand, a three 20 grand over a used refrigerator. You've gotta be kidding me. So that, that, that's dumb on the seller's part. Honestly. That's an easy, okay, so Then does that same logic go to Maria? It'd be like, you'd be dumb to walk away from a deal 'cause of just a $3,000 No. You know, appliances. No, I, I I, you know, listen, if you can't figure out a way to put appliances in it and put down 5%, I'm gonna walk away and go do a d different deal. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get pick out a different house and I'll bet you money, good money that these people give up their used refrigerator when you, when you turn.


Yeah. And we're a seller in the current real estate market in Sacramento, freaking California. And you walk away from a buyer standing there with money that Yeah, this Is, it's probably not gonna happen is what you're saying. Stupid on steroids. Yeah, no, don't do. Yeah, I'm negotiating this. I'm gonna play hard and just go street fighter and say no, Or refund us 3000 Here. Here's our deal and it includes the appliances, or we'll look for a house where we can get appliances. 'cause we we're taking that as a sign from God. I'm kidding. It's not. It's, it's a used refrigerator. God doesn't use used refrigerators as a son. It's not in the Bible, but it's not second hesitations, but the Yeah.


See what I'm saying? I mean, that's, that's the thing. So yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's, So your prediction, is Maria's gonna come out okay? Or Maria is because you think they're gonna say just, we're gonna leave the Alliances. They're gonna cave like last week. Yes. Yeah. They're gonna, okay. No, I'm like, yeah, they're Gonna cave Marie call back in and see if Dave's right. Yeah. Tell me you like to play this game. Call back and tell me I'm wrong later because I could be wrong. It's sometimes I do that, sometimes I do that in a negotiation and I'm shocked at how stupid the people on the other side are god's. Like, you're gonna walk away from a 320,000 deal for a used refrigerator. It's not even $3,000 if you put It in and washer and dryer. Yeah. And a washer and dryer. So what could you get for a used refrigerator and a washer and dryer to garage sale? I mean, come on.


Seven, 800 bucks maybe. So this is, now this is really dumb, but people are, people are, that's thing. So Marie, I, that's the way I'm looking at it and I, I I'm often wrong, but probably not on this one. Give it a shot. Give it a shot and let us know how it turns out. Rachel's right. You can call back and take me to task later. I lost my dream. How? Because of you Dave. You can do that. Unbelievable. That's okay. It's All Right. You can do that. It's perfectly legal. Open phones at Triple eight, eight, two, five, five two, two five. Listen, the real estate market is moving it, the activity level out there is probably four x what it was four months ago. And that's people walking around, kicking tires, making offers, but it's still not exactly a boom real estate economy, if you're selling a house, you don't walk away over $700 worth of more blinds.


Yeah, but the but you, you know, in, in California for sure. Yeah. And at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate, we have the dashboard. So it does, it kind of gives you a pulse of exactly what's going on in the market. If you are in the market, if you're selling or buying, check it out. I do love this. Like the median price right now is 400, 400. And oh my gosh, $400,000 is the median price of a home right now. Days on the market, 73 days on the market. You know, it shows you right now what a fixed rate mortgage 15 years at 6.16%. Yeah, but here's, here's the thing is 829,000 houses on the market, that's 25% more houses on the market right now than this time last year.


That's a big number. That's a big inventory lift. And so they're not going down in value, but there's plenty to pick from. So if you're a seller and you have a buyer standing there with cash, you sell the stupid house. You know, if you really wanna sell your house, if you don't, don't put a sign in the yard. I mean, come on, this is The Ramsey Show.


You shouldn't own a gun. You're not willing to shoot in moments of self defense, a burn, a launcher lets you protect yourself in a non-lethal way. That's exactly why burn launchers were created. Everyone from parents and nurses to pastors and even special forces veterans rely on burna to protect themselves and their families. I own several burners myself. They look like guns, but they're not. They shoot a 68 caliber round kinetic or chemical irritant projectile that can disable a threat from up to 60 feet away. And they're powered by compressed CO2 cartridges. So they're classified with paintball and airsoft guns, but they're more powerful than those for increased protection. Not to mention burner launchers are legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped directly to your door. Plus RAMSEY fans can get 10% off an exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo, and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave,


thank you for joining us America. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Rachel Cruz RAMSEY Personality, my daughter is my co-host today. Des Moines, Iowa is next. Julia is with us. Hi Julia, how are you? Hi Dave and Rachel, how are you? Great. How can we help? Well, my husband and I have been working the baby steps plan for about nine years and as of last year we hit step seven. Oh, congratulations. Woo. Thank you. We're mortgage free. We're debt free. Everything. We are looking for mentorship in being outrageously generous and I was just wondering if you had any book recommendations or, or how we do that We tithe, but you know, above and beyond that we're just looking for a little bit of mentorship.


Good for you. Well done. That's a great question. So I'll just tell you what, what we do, Julia, I don't know if this is helpful at all and I think there are some, yeah, there's some books out there. I think when it comes to this idea of, of being generous. But you know, from like a tactical standpoint above the tithe, how Winston and I have done it, if there are organizations that we align with and ones that are close to our heart, meaning like there's one organization we've given to for 15 years. 'cause it was an integral part of our story and we really believe in what they do. So we give there, there's been elements of different times in life where like, you know, foster care has been big on my heart and we've given to things towards that, or Winston's had things.


So from the organizational standpoint, it is always fun to be able to support someone who's doing what you love and what you believe in. So we've done, we've done it that way. And then this year in January we're doing something different. We're just adding in on the giving section of our EveryDollar app. We are putting, we put a a a, an amount of money every single month and we're forcing us, we're forcing each other, we're holding each other accountable to have that money be given away at some point in the month. So that could mean like a very generous tip could be part of that money. It could go towards if we hear something of, you know, a friend's family member, X, Y, and Z and we're able to kind of just like anonymously give some money there.


So we have found more energy in that honestly, because the organization giving is wonderful and it's a, you know, it's great. People just do incredible things. And with the RAMSEY Foundation that we as a bigger RAMSEY family are involved in, there's incredible organizations. But there's something about this joy for me of seeing someone or intersecting your story with someone else and able to help kind of in the moment there. And again, it could be anonymous, not or not, but giving room for those things to occur. And what that's done for me, Julia, as it's caused me in an everyday instance, just to be looking and I'm more aware of people because I'm like, okay, we have this money that I wanna give and, and like, and I do as a believer, I'm like, there's something spiritual about it where I'm like, okay, where's the Holy Spirit kind of nudging me here.


And I've just found with giving for when you're, when you have a pulse on that and you're just interacting with that part of your soul, if you will, it just creates a richer life where I feel like before we were a little bit tactical with our giving. Like we gave our tithe and we'd give to an organization. But there's something about interacting with individuals on a day-to-day basis that again, just that, that's one element, one way to give. And I've enjoyed that. I mean, we're only in February, it's only been two months of it, but there's, I don't know, there's just like this warmth to life there. It, it came alive again for us. 'cause sadly, giving can get stale if you just have it on autopilot. Right. So like part of this is interacting with the money you're giving too. So that's, that's what Winston and I do.


But Dave, Dave and Sharon do it on a larger scale. Well even us but it's still, it's the same. We budget a certain amount just for, and and some of this we keep on the books and some of it we don't worry about as far as tax return goes, but just random acts of kindness. We just run into somebody and we wanna always look across the restaurant and pick up the tab for a person in uniform. You know, we always wanna do that. We always, we wanna catch somebody doing something we love and just participate in that kind of stuff. That, that's just, that's low budget doesn't take a lot of money. Yeah. But it's, it's, there's a lot of joy and it's a lot of fun. Yes, yes. And just, you know, we're our, we'll look across and see one of our team members and is there with their spouse and we just end up picking up.


Of course I charge that back to the company, but that's an HR thing. But yeah, I may buy their dinner if they're lucky enough to land in the same restaurant I, I'll land in. But anyway, just something like that. Just catch people doing something right. And, and random acts of kindness. Just catch somebody where that, you know, where a few hundred dollars means a lot. And I've been in those situations and a lot of people out there have been, so you wanna do that, but that's a smaller portion of dollars. But it's like Rachel said, it's very hands-on. There's a lot of joy in it. Random acts of kindness, we call it that. And it's just God money floating around looking for a place to land. And so then, then we, with the RAMSEY Family Foundation, we do not give to like a bazillion different people $500.


'cause that'll drive you nuts doing the tax returns on it. So instead we pick just a few and really, really help them. And they're always something that is close to our heart. And many times we know the people involved in the ministry, we know the character of the people involved. We know. And the last thing I'll add to that, that Rachel didn't bring up is that I learned many years ago, because I was giving a lot and we've always been outrageously generous. It's part of our DNA and it's the most fun you'll have with money. So you're gonna love this, I love this question. But anyway, I treat large gifts like we're talking about as if I was doing an investment into a company, if I'm gonna buy into that company, I'm going to know what their strengths and weaknesses are and I'm gonna make sure that, that I'm not participating.


I'm not enabling, you know, incompetence or bad behavior of some kind. To the extent I can tell, we don't do that. So for instance, we don't give to organizations, ministries that run debt. Well, duh, of course Dave Ramsey's not gonna pay a bank through a ministry. No. So if you're gonna run debt, you're not gonna be on our list of donations. We don't, we don't believe in debt. We don't borrow money. We teach people not how dumb would it be for us to take our generosity and give it to a bank through your ministry? 'cause you wanted to have a building for your ministry instead of being a renter. No, be a renter. So you know that that's, that's one of the things.


And that upsets people sometimes, but, oh, well I don't know why. It's kind of obvious to me. But anyway, So we do stuff that is consistent with us and we're looking for their operational excellence because if you're gonna put X number of dollars in there, yeah, you're investing it God's money into God's kingdom, God expects some excellence there. Just like he, you know, those that are faithful in little things will be given more to manage. And so it's not the diligent prosper, not the inept and incompetent. Yeah. And then I would also say Julia, and something I feel like we've learned from you guys is as you guys go down this path, I know you're on baby steps, you just, guys just got to baby step seven. But as you continue to build wealth, and I'm talking like in the next decade or two also with your giving, we've put ourselves in a position where we're not the largest giver.


Meaning that they are so dependent upon us to fund the ministry or what they're doing. Because that puts you kind of in these like handcuffed positions where you feel bad that if something changes and you're like, oh yeah, we're gonna give over here, then you feel like I, we feel like we can't, 'cause we're disrupting such a huge part of their operating budget and if it, if it weren't for us, they wouldn't be here. So even from a percentage level, I would not wanna be the largest donation that they get and that they're dependent upon you to continue their ministry. Like that just puts a, it puts a weird dynamic and pressure element to that too. So that's something to think about. Yeah, that we had some friends that they ran into that and it was, it just gets messy. If you wanna stop it, then you're like, oh my gosh, am I closing down a ministry?


'cause I'm choosing not to give here anymore. So it's just another filter to think through. If you'll do what you're doing right now and be intentional about the subject of generosity, like you're intentional about the subject of getting out debt or you're intentional about the subject of investing, you'll do really good at it and you're gonna get great joy from it. What happens with some people when they get to generosity, they just go, oh, I'm just going to give it. And it's all, it's up to God to figure it out and like, Oh no, God gave it to you to manage. And so it's not up to God to figure it out. So I think that person's gonna misuse the money, but it's gonna be between them and God, no, no, that's not how it works. You, you need to be a grownup. You can't be lazy on the generosity and really hardcore on the investing.


So again, you don't wanna take the joy out of it and you don't wanna turn it into a bureaucratic nightmare every time you give $2. But, And that's why I like, you know, the setup of having kind of those three buckets, the tithe, the organizational that, you know, and then just a little bit of that mind that we're talking about. Yeah. That you just have throughout the month that you're like, I just am gonna be aware of people around me. And when I feel this prompting, like I get to bless some of that moment. It's kind of those three buckets that I, that one ends up being dollar for dollar by far my favorite. Oh, It is like, but It's, it's impossible to do that at scale as an individual. It's very hard. It'd be your, like your full-time job. That's All you did. You'd be like a that guy on YouTube, that's a fun job. Try to give him any money on, that'd be neat. But yeah, hadn't got that job yet.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Have you gotten one of those texts recently claiming to be the USPS with some sketchy link to update your address. It's annoying and a little terrifying and you probably think to yourself, I should do something about this. But where do you even start? Well, as your nerdy friend who does the research for you, I found the solution. They're called Deleteme. And here's the reason they come in the clutch. The internet is packed with data brokers, which are these shady companies whose sole purpose is to collect your personal info and sell it for a profit. Enter Deleteme Deleteme Swoops in finds your info on these sites and removes it on your behalf. They even send you a report with all the details. And so far for me personally, they have reviewed 27,000 listings, removed my info from 240 data brokers and saved me 66 hours in the process. I trust Deleteme to help protect my family and I trust them to help you too. You're gonna get fewer spam texts, fewer phishing emails, and fewer creepy robo calls. And Deleteme also makes a great gift for other people in your life that you care about. Individual plans start at just $9 a month. So take an easy step to protect yourself and your loved ones today. And as a RAMSEY fan, you'll get an extra 20% off any of their plans@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


If you're running a small business, you already know this. If you're thinking about running a small business, you need to know this business is hard. When you open your own business, you have a jerk for a boss. He or she will work you into the ground. It's amazing how hard you work when you work for yourself. It's tough and it's scary and sometimes it's lonely, it's hard, it's worth it. And the small business is the backbone of the American economy. 54% of our gross domestic product is businesses that have less than 500 team members. Small business is the American economy. 78% of Americans work for a small business. They don't work for the big boys. So those of you that are running businesses, you're giving jobs and food on the table and lights and water for people that work for you. You're good people. Thank you. Some days the challenge is pile up and that's why we wrote our new book, build the Business You Love. I started this business over 30, almost 40 years ago now, and we coach, if you didn't know this, about 10,000 small businesses across America through entree leadership, our system there. And we have realized that businesses go through five stages of business as you go grow along over the years and the months. And there are six things that drive you through this. So these six drivers in five stages in essence are the baby steps for running a small business only. You're not gonna do them in 36 months, you're gonna do them in 20 years or 10 years, but that's okay. We're gonna show you the proven system, the business, the book is called Build a Business You Love. It's 29 99, it comes out April 15th. It's my latest book. Could be my last, I don't know, you never know. And we get over $350 worth of stuff if you pre-order for 29.99 right now. And that includes instant access to the entree leadership hiring playbook, how we hire and fire at RAMSEY. In other words, early access to the ebook, the enhanced audiobook, all kinds of goodies. In other words, you can pre-order today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're watching on YouTube or podcast, click the link in the description, it'll put you right in there. If you're thinking about or you are running a business, it's really good to know what the baby steps are. It's really good to know the system to do that. And that's what this is. Business is hard, but it's also fun, it's also exciting, it's also an adventure and it's a much better adventure if you're driving from your home to Florida. If you first know where Florida is, it's less adventurous and much more predictable outcome. And good news is I'm already there. I know what the road looks like so I can show you. And that's what this is. Build a business you love.


Thanks for hanging out with us. Sue is in Lexington, Kentucky. How are you Sue? I'm good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up in your world? Well, okay, so I'm 65 years old. I only have 41,000 in retirement. I went through Breast cancer. Sue, I'm having a real problem with your phone. Can you walk to a different place please? We, it's breaking up. Yeah, we take it off speaker. If it's on speaker it that helps. It's not on speaker. Is that better? Little bit. Let's try again. You you're how old? Oh, I better. I'm 65. Okay. I'm gonna put you on hold hon. And they're gonna pick up, we're gonna try to get you worked out So we can get you back on and understand you.


I apologize. Bell is in Denver. Hi Bell, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. So nice to talk to you guys. You too. What's up? So we bought a home in May of 2023 and my biggest goal has been to just pay off our home. I took your class when I was in high school, so about seven years ago and it's stuck with me ever. We are only $20,000 away from paying it off. Yay. And I should be able to make that payment next month. How old are you guys? 25.


I'm 24 and my husband's 31. Look at You. What's the house worth? We bought it for three 40 and we had to do stuff to it, but it should be worth close to 500. So high school teachers, this is what happens when you teach this stuff in high school. This is your student, she's now 25 and she's got a half million dollar house that's $20,000 away from me and paid for. You're amazing. 24 years old. Way to go. Cool, bill. I love it. You know how weird you are, right? Yeah. How Much do you guys make a year? Bell? Do What? How much do you guys make a year?


It really varies. Like right now we're sitting at 200 to two 80 depending on our situation that we're in. Good for you guys. That's awesome. We a really unique situation like we're contractors for the state and it just depends on like how busy we are. Well, congratulations. Okay. I fast forwarding past bragging on you. What's your question? How can we help? So I remember in the class that I took in high school, it was talking about mutual funds and if you start earlier, it's better long term than someone who starts later with a bigger initial investment. And I remember having a job, I was working at Wendy's at the time, and I was like, okay, I'm gonna start doing this when I'm 17.


And I asked the teacher where do I, how do I do this? What do I, what mutual funds do I look into? She was just like, I don't know. And I'm like, you don't do this and you're a teacher, you're making 50,000 a year, why don't you do this? And she said that. Yeah. So she, yeah, unfortunately she didn't have any resource resources for me and I'm still in that place that I was when I was 17. Yeah. And I still don't know what to do with. We're gonna have a lot of extra money once the house is paid off. Okay. Rule number one, investing is Go Slow. Okay? Rule number two is don't put money in anything you don't understand.


See, rule number one, Go Slow until you understand it. Don't put money in something until you understand it. So this phone call means you're very wise. Congratulations. You're trying to re resource some knowledge so that you know what to do. Very good, Sue. And then what I would tell you to do is very simple. I want you to go to Ramsey Solutions dot com today and click on smart investor to find some of the real or some of the mutual fund brokers that we recommend that we have vetted. And here's what you're looking for. We have vetted them for being experts and for having the heart of a teacher. I want you to meet with two of them or more and find someone that teaches you something you may connect emotionally, relationally with one more than another one.


And that's the one you're looking for. You don't want someone that tells you what to do with your money. And some people in the financial world are so stupid, they think that's what they're supposed to do. They drop their glasses down on the end of their nose and speak down to you. If anyone ever does that around the subject of money, get away from them. Your job is to understand Go Slow, understand before you invest. And so you're meeting with the smart investor pro, not to have them tell you what to do with your money, but to have them teach you how mutual funds work, how to select them, and then based on that teaching, here's some we might look at. And then you would buy some if you understand them and you look at them and you understand what you've learned.


The good news is it's not really that complicated. Okay? I mean like you're gonna sit down in an hour, you're gonna have a real basic understanding and feel very confident and pretty competent about doing your first series of investments. And go ahead and do it now before you get the house paid off because you, you want to interview these people, you're gonna be spending the next decade with them. Yeah. And from Just, if you Want to, and just from a high level bell, what we teach is 15% of your income going into retirement. So I know exactly the charts that you took, it was probably the Blake and Jack that shows you compound interest if you invest at 19 all the way to 65 versus someone that starts at 32 and invests to, you know, 65.


And so what what that is showing is compound interest, which you're going to get when you invest in things like mutual funds. But you're gonna do that within first and foremost retirement type funds. So a Roth IRA or a 401k, or you guys work for the government. So maybe like a 4 0 3 B situation, but 15% of your income should be going into retirement specific funds within those types of funds. Of course there will be mutual funds and all of that of how you're actually investing. But a smart Vista Pro can walk through and be very specific with your situation too, which is helpful. But just know retirement is the one place you're gonna be looking. So yeah, so Roth IRAs, 4 0 3 Bs, all of that is gonna be really your first, your first step into the process.


But congrats Bell, it's awesome. Go Slow enough to understand it before you do it. It's your job to manage your money. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave. I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance. Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Rachel Cruz. RAMSEY Personalities, my co-host Sue is back with us. Maybe we got our phone straightened out from Lexington. Hey Sue. Yes? Can you hear me now? Hi, Yes. Can you hear me? Absolutely. That's much better. Thank you. Wonderful. No problem. Okay, so I am 65 years old. I plan to work at least five more years because I only have 41,000 in my retirement account. I have 40,000 plus give or take of debt, which I impulsively let a debt relief company take over for me. I realize now that was a mistake and that should be resolved within three years of making payments to them.


I also own a home. I, I mean I still owe 88,000 on my home. So I'm wondering if when I become eligible for social security in a year and a half, should I, and I'm gonna continue working. Should I then just try to get my house paid off? Double, double, Triple my mortgage payments once my debt is gone, obviously, just so that when I do stop working and I have to live on the small retirement that I have and my social security at least I won't have a house payment. Is that the smartest way to go? It's not bad. You're debt free at that point. And what do you make With my side hustle combined?


It's between 80 and 90. Just depends on the year. Okay. All Right. Well what we would normally suggest is get out of debt first with the 40,000, which is what you're doing. And I want you to, I want you to accelerate that and do it faster than your're planning. Okay? Okay. I Want you to live, I want you to live on beans and rice and let's not, let's do this in two years instead of three. Start trying to figure out what would have to be true for me to do that. What would I have to get rid of? What would I have to do this? How much do you owe in your car? Oh, my car is 13 years old. I have A, so car is not the problem. Okay. What, what's the 40,000 in debt? What was that on An accumulation? I had cancer a few years ago and basically was out of work and had to live on credit cards here and there and it just, you know, added up, an interest took over and it, So most of it's credit cards?


Yes. It's 40,000 is credit card. It's all Credit cards. Oh, it's all credit cards, okay. Yeah, but it, but it's all with that. Well, here's what I want you to do. I want you to work the debt consolidation company. I wish you weren't there, but you're there now. I know. I want you to have them call, I want you to save up piles of money and have them call the small one and see if they'll take a deal. Okay. Like 50% off or something and then knock 'em out. Okay. And then a then, then save up some money and knock the next one out and Yeah. And if they won't call 'em and offer 'em that you call 'em and offer 'em that. So can I do that? Can I take it back from Them? You don't have to take it back. You can just call them. It's your debt. They'll always talk to you.


Right, but does that mean I'll still owe the Yeah, you still debt relief company? No. Well, I mean you owe the debt relief company anyway. You prepaid them. They took all their money up front. No, I'm, I'm paying them a thousand dollars a month to, so I ha I have three Credit cards. You're gonna pay them a thousand dollars a month for 36 months. That's $36,000. Well, that, that's, that's handling one debt. I have the, I have other debt that they haven't, the small ones they haven't touched yet. Did, Did you hear me? You're gonna pay 'em a thousand dollars a month for 36 months. That's $36,000. You only owe 40,000. Right. The other small credit cards, they aren't, they haven't touched yet.


Oh, honey, $36,000 would pay off your debt. Oh, you're not paying them that in fees. You're paying them that in total. Yes. I paying, paying them. Paying your debt. Yeah. Okay. So you can save up the thousand dollars is not their fees. So you pay the thousand anyway and you call up the smallest one if they won't do it and you offer them 50 cents on the dollar when you've got a little cash saved. Okay. Okay. Anyway, that's how, that's how we can accelerate it. Then back to your question, I want you to say 15% of a hundred thousand. I want you to say $15,000 a year into retirement. As soon as the debt is paid off after the debt's paid off. Okay. While you put everything else you can find on the house, but don't pay any extra on the house until the debt is gone. Don't put anything into retirement until the debt is gone.


Once that 40,000 is gone, then the first thing we're gonna do is put 15% into retirement and everything else we can scrape together goes onto the house. Okay. So I have a question about the retirement then. If I'm 65, is there, are there rules around how much you can put into a 401k or do I Have to do that? I you put as much as you want. You can put as much as you wanna put in. Okay. And as much as anybody else can put in, it's Not can do catch contributions too. You can Do, you can do even more, but you don't need to do more. You just need to do 15,000 until you get your house paid off. Yeah. So what you're looking for though is you are looking for a Roth. A Roth, Okay. Roth ira, Roth 401k, that's, that's what I want you to do. But none of this until you're outta debt then 15% and the rest of it towards the house.


And here's the good news. I think you're gonna have all this done like by 71 it sounds like if you do what we just talked about. And so you have a paid for house and you're sitting with a hundred, 150,000 bucks and, and you got social security. Not the best of all worlds, but a whole lot better than some people we talk to For sure. Hope that helps Sue. Yeah, That's the right way to go. Well done. Very well done. The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by why refi when the payment on your defaulted private student loan is as much as some mortgages, it's hard to get ahead. That's when why Refi can help refinancing to a low fixed rate loan built just for you.


Find out more@whyrefi.com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states. All Right. Today's question comes from Greg in New York. He said, how is it considered ethical for people to own so many houses? I'm just wondering how, as a Christian, this isn't seen as greed. Don't you know that buying up all these homes is what's causing it? The housing shortage? You know What? Well actually, Greg, let's just start with not the spiritual part, but your economic understanding. That's not what's causing the housing shortage. Investors buying up houses is not causing the housing shortage. Okay. Period. So you're just wrong.


Now, Now that is a, can we, can we stay on that for just a second? Yeah. Because that is a thing going around that these massive hedge funds or Blackstone, like all these, they're coming in a Buy. Well, they're, but an but that's, they don't have a soul. That's Right. Okay. So, So hedge funds don't have a soul. So Yes. So it so 'cause an individual investor, right, for the average person out there who has maybe two or three rental homes, right? They've, they're on baby steps side and they're doing it. That's Not causing, they're not, they're not causing the thing. But, but Blackstone, yeah, those guys are buying up houses. That's True. So that is that, and, and is that affecting the housing market at all? 'cause that is, It probably is to some extent, but not as much as TikTok says it is. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, you really don't want your economic lessons on TikTok. I'll just help you with that in general. But, but anyway, you're On TikTok though.


I know, but that, that just take your lessons proves that I, I'm lacking in judgment, but yeah. So anyway, the, yeah, that's the thing. Now it, you know, I own no greed. I own, I don't know, I don't even know, 15, 20 houses among, and a bunch of commercial real estate as well. How is that not greed? Because I don't own anything, Greg. I'm a Christian and that means God owns it and I'm managing it for him. So I guess you're calling God greedy now. Okay, so devil's advocate, what would you say if Greg was like, well Dave, why do you need so many houses? Why don't you just give all that extra Money away?


I'm managing, managing money for God. That's my job. Well, and, and I've done a good job. I've done better job than Greg has done. And okay. And that's why he thinks I'm greedy. Well, this mindset, so this is an extreme right of, you know, 20 houses or thing. But this is the same logic of, well, is it greedy to have more in your retirement than maybe you may not need? Right? Like, listen, if You got three bath, if youve got three bathrooms, you have three more than most people in the world. Why are you not greedy? If you have two cars, you have two cars more than most people in the world. If you make $38,000 a year, you're in the top 1% of income earners in the world.


How are you not greedy? Because amounts don't create greed. That's greed is a spirit. It is not an amount. And you know, if you want to be a communist, just be a communist. Don't try to blame Christianity for it. Okay? If you wanna be a socialist, just be a socialist. Don't try to blame Christianity to for it. That's a form of heresy called gnosticism that believes that the material is bad. And anyone that has the material, their soul is in jeopardy. The gnostics taught that in the first century they were heretics. So if you wanna do a little theological rabbit hole, we can do that.


But Love your I love the rabbit holes, Dave. No, that's good. I think that's it though. Greed is not an amount, it's a spirit. That's it. That's it. And so, and so hoarding is not an amount. The difference in saving and hoarding is intent. It's not the thing. You know it. I have a collection of water skis is, but I don't worship them. You know, it's, they're stinking water ski, antique water skis on the wall. That's it. But that's not hoarding. It's a collection because it's about the intent. This is The Ramsey


Show. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. You've probably heard people talk about different kinds of flags and friendships and romantic relationships, red flags, green flags, beige flags. Listen, it can be helpful to look for patterns or unsafe behaviors in potential relationships, but all those labels can distract from what's really important, your values. And whether you and your potential partner are willing to wake up every day and choose to honor each other's values. And look, I know it can be tough sometimes to even know what's important to you in a relationship. Therapy can help you figure out what your values actually are and decide your boundaries and your non-negotiables. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy that works with your schedule to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. If it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or working on yourself, do it with help from BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash RAMSEY radio to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/ RAMSEY radio


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Rachel Cruz. RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today, number one bestselling author and my daughter Bobby, is with us in Chicago. Hey Bobby, Welcome to The Ramsey Show, Bobby. Thanks for having me. Sure man. What's up? So I'm 29 years old and back in 2023 after a harsh talk with my wife to manage her spending, we made the decision to get out of debt and we achieved that.


And 2025 was gonna be our year that we were house shopping and gonna buy our first house. And about a month and a half ago, I got a statement in the mail for some credit cards and found that my wife has pulled about three new credit cards in, has maxed them out and we've now accumulated some new debt. She's always had a bit of a spending problem. And I thought we got through it and we were pretty happy being debt free. Just not quite sure how we have this conversation again and how to make this stick and be on the journey of being debt free and managing our money.


How much, how much debt On the three cards? We from zero, we've now accumulated a little over $3,000. Okay. And when you said, Hey, I thought we were getting outta debt and saving for a house, and you ran up credit cards and you knew we, you knew I hated debt and we had worked to get outta debt and you did this and, and didn't tell me. What did she say? Well, she's pretty embarrassed but defensive. Her mother stole her identity at a very young age. And she's never had great finances. We've did a lot to get her out of debt from debt.


Bills was accumulated as she was eight years old with TV utility bills, cable bills all done by her mother. So we did a lot to do that. And she doesn't wanna end up like her mother and She's very embarrassed. How old is she? She's 30 now. Okay. How old are you? 29. And How long have you been married? Eight years. Okay. All Right. I'll give you an observation of what I think I heard you saying and I wanna, I wanna play it back to you. Okay. I think you were using the words we and our, when it was only you, I wanted to get out of debt.


So I talked to her about her spending and I got us out of debt so that I could buy us a house. I Had a harsh Card conversation with her. I don't think she was involved in any of this emotionally. I don't think she agreed with the decision. I think she went along with it 'cause she's embarrassed and shamed about her handling of money, but I don't think as a grownup she stood up and said, I'm going to join hands with you and we are going to hit these goals instead. I think you, she's been treated like a little girl again by you. That's the language you were using. And I'm gonna play it back to you. Did you hear that? Yes, I did. Absolutely. Yeah. And you know, when he said, or when you said Bobby, you know, I, I had to have a harsh conversation with her about it.


And so, so yeah, so I think, I think the, the, the real question is number one, kind of what Dave was just proposing of, okay, so looking back now at the whole journey and what you guys have, have walked through the last few years with money, you know, how, how has she been through that? And obviously not very on board or she has some, some major issues and, and honestly, the whole spending addiction world has really exploded in the, like, even more recent because of how easily it is to have access. So whether it's to credit cards or you know, shopping online, all of it just like gambling addiction has gone up with, with sports betting and all of it.


So there's such this environment, Bobby, that she's having to honestly fight a bigger battle now today in 2025 than even in previous, you know, generations. Yeah. So my question to would be to her is what's going on with her? You know, what, what is it that's causing this to happen? Because there, you know, we, we see it all the time that it, that there is, you know, levels of, of really deep pain and the ator is the spending. And so I'm curious, and with the, her backstory of her mom and not trusting fully the adult in her life and the adult in her life used her completely and stole her identity to mismanage money on top of that, right? Like, there's a lot there for her.


And so does she recognize any of that or is any of that in the conversation? Yes. You know, we, we sat down early on when we wanted to buy a car together and we would like to finance something and she didn't know anything about credit and all that. And that's where it was found. And it, it, she was very upset by that. And it came as far as she was actually arrested on felony charges for deceptive practice, for a bad check written by her mother. And luckily found not guilty. And that's where the changing point in our lives were, were to get outta How, how long ago was all that?


My dad heard that. How long ago was that? I sorry? How long ago was that check thing? The check was made when she was 18. Still in college. I mean, when did this charge come? Charge came in 2021. Four, four years ago. Yeah. Okay, so this is four years in the past and apparently we've gotten mom off the, the stealing pattern. Mom's not stealing her identity anymore, at least far as we know, right? No, we're completely locked down with our identities. Good. Okay. So all of that's in the past. She didn't do anything wrong there. She was a victim there.


Then that changes gears when she runs up debt in contrast to what you guys have talked about. And so Rachel's right, it could be an addictive behavior, it could be coming out of pain, it could be coming out of you just controlled everything and she didn't have a vote and this was her only way to have a vote. So she just ran off and did whatever the flip she wanted to do because you tell her everything to do and she doesn't, you know, she's saying her little girl's saying, you're not the boss of me. I'll show you. And sometimes people react that way too. So, because I think you told her what to do, I don't think you got agreement there's a difference. Would You agree with that, Bobby?


I I I absolutely agree in a half and half scenario. I I know I can have that kind of tendency You have on the phone with us. Yes. Okay. We heard it. That's where, that's where it's coming from. I'm not being mean to you. I'm just saying that you know what, there's a difference in getting people to buy into a vision and go forward. That's leadership. There's a difference in a leader and a boss. A boss is a, got a cattle prod and tells you what to do. It's a stick and no carrot. And, and that's in business, but it's also in ministry, it's also in your marriage. And so versus getting, I'm gonna get collaboration. We're both going to sit down and talk about the pluses and minuses of debt we're gonna get.


We, we agree we're gonna get out debt because it's the fastest way to build wealth. We agree we're gonna get out of debt 'cause we, we wanna buy a house, not Bobby wants to buy a house and he told her what to do so it could happen. I kind of think that's what happened, dad. So I'm not blaming you for this. She shouldn't have lied. She shouldn't have deceived you under any circumstances. That's wrong. And so you guys probably need to sit down with a good marriage counselor, ask them about a possibility of a spending addiction, but also let's get some different patterns to get agreement and sell a vision for the future. The Bible says where there is no vision, the people perish. Let's both buy into where we want to go. Not where you tell her we're going.


There's a difference. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join. And Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live, but if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So Go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.


I think we'd all agree that it's a lot harder to run a race if you don't know where the finish line is. But nearly half of all Americans have no idea how much money they'll need to retire with dignity. If you're ready to stop hoping for the best and start planning for your future, then check out the Smart Investor Program. A smart Vestor Pro can teach you everything you need to know to get in the driver's seat of your own financial future. Connect with a pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Smart. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


Are you staying on track with the baby steps? Well take a quick quiz to check your progress and receive a personalized plan just for you. Simply head to the show notes and click in the link titled Are You On Track With the Baby Steps? Take a quick quiz and we'll tell you exactly where you are. Oh, and we'll start to tell you what some of your Next Steps are. Hey, Riley's with us in Jacksonville, Florida. Hi Riley. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you for having me. Sure. So here's my question. What a budget of 20,000 be Unreasonable. Unreasonable as a college student? A budget for what?


For 20,000. $20,000. To do what? To get married to have a wedding. Oh, A wedding. Oh, Your wedding budget. Yes. Oh, cool. Oh, Well, congratulations. Yeah. When are you getting married? We're hoping to get married by 2027. We kind of have to to be stationed together as naval officers since we're both commissioning after 2028. Alright. So You got like two, Two years? Yes. Okay. And but you guys are in college, so you're thinking about getting married after or something? Is that We're, So we have to get married right before we graduate. Since we're both in N-R-O-T-C, our requirement is that we commissioned straight out of graduation.


And you, you graduate May of 27? Yes. Okay. So we, we have to be married that summer because it'd be kind of hard to plan a wedding when we're away from home. Sure. Okay. Yeah. And I was just wondering what the, why you guys are waiting, but you're in school, so you're gonna wait till you're toward the end of school? Yes, that's right. So basically two years. Okay. And while you're in school, are you earning an income? We are. He's earning more than I am. I'm currently just getting a stipend, so that's about two 50 a month. It'll increase slowly. So by my senior year, I'll be getting 400 a month. He's getting that as well.


And working, I think his annual income, he's trying to hit under 15,000 just so that he can stay under a certain tax. Are You parents, are you guys, Riley, are you guys paying for the wedding? Yes. So him and I will be paying for the wedding, but my parents are going to be giving another 5K. Okay. By the time I get to my junior year, Will you guys have $20,000 saved? Oh yeah, absolutely. Currently, we both have combined a little over 30,000 Saved, Like total saved. Where'd you get that? Not just for the wedding. The numbers you gave me don't equal that.


Where'd you get that money? So that's just from savings, like throughout life, lifetime. I'm a huge saver. Okay. So, so I baby that. So you have 20 th you have $30,000 saved today, which is your total life savings. You're gonna add a little bit to that, but you're not making much money. I mean, you're making three or $4,000 a year Yes. For two years. Okay. And you're eating during that time. So you know, you've got, you're not, you're not gonna have, you're not gonna do a, a bunch of addition to this 30,000 bucks. So the answer to your, your question is he making, he's making round 15 answer to your question is, is $20,000 too much to spend on a wedding?


The answer is no. The que their answer is always relative to, if, if you've got $200,000 and you make $300,000 a year, 20,000 wedding is perfectly reasonable. If you have $30,000 to your name and you're gonna spend two thirds of your net worth on your wedding, that's probably too much. What's gonna be your income when both of you come out as commissioned officers? We'll both be making about straight out, I think it's about 90,000 each. Yes. Okay, good. Okay, so now we're talking about somebody making $180,000 a year fresh outta school and they've got $30,000 to their name. Do they spend 20 of that on the wedding?


But the good news is you're used to living on nothing. And so you could probably save 20,000 in three months once you're making 180. Agreed. Yes. That's 15,000 a month. You follow me? Yeah. So yeah, I mean, what I would say is this. Okay. The, the average house, the average wedding in America today is 28,000. The average household income 78,000. So it's about a third of your income is the average is one way of measuring it. That's the average. Now, do you wanna be above average, below average on your spending? That's up to you anywhere in there. Pay cash. Number one, I just listening to your story, I think I would say yes, I'm gonna have a $20,000 wedding, but I'm gonna do it with new money that I make after graduation.


Well, They have to get married before graduation is what she's saying. That's right. Before you have any income. Is that right? Ri what do you guys You did, you did say that. You did. I'm lost. Okay. My plan just fell apart. Okay, So ri here's a question. I don't know, just trying to get creative here. Could you guys go get married, have your family have a great fun dinner out and that be the quote unquote marriage, right? You're, you got married and then six months later, are you, will you guys be stationed away? I'm just trying to think like, is there a way to do a really beautiful, nice wedding that you really want A celebration? Yeah. And it'd be, and it'd be a few months later. And, and that's what I thought as well. The only concern is we have no clue of knowing our timeline.


So it could, if we do that, we could get married by chance three years later, depending on both of our deployments. Yeah. Oh, like having the wedding. 'cause you guys could be deployed pretty quickly. Yes. Yeah, That I hear what you're saying. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But if you're married, do they separate you on deployment? So our deployments could be at different times. They try to keep us on the same base, but since we're both college students and under the program, there is a chance that for a year or two that we would be on different bases. Hmm. Okay. Alright. But we're trying to prevent it as quick as Possible. Well, thanks for your service to the country. Okay. If you spend $20,000 and you, and you have 30,000 and you have basically no income, and you get married and two months later you start making 180,000 a year, that is dangerous, but it's not completely suicidal because it, you're spending most all of your money and you don't have any money.


You follow me? Yes. But you're getting ready to start this huge income unless something really goes sideways. So yeah, that's the, I would not spend a dollar more than that and I would push that as close to my $180,000 income starting as is reasonable. Okay. I realize you gotta do it before the income starts, right? Yes Sir. Okay. But I wanna push it right up next to it because I don't want the gap between you having $10,000 and it sitting around. You only have $10,000 left. You're married and it's six months later and you've still got no income. We don't want that game.


That's a bad game. You follow me? Yes, sir. Okay. That's what we're looking for. I just, I just don't want you living on the edge, kiddo. Life's too short. Yeah, I agree. You know, that was why I called. You're a saver. You don't, you don't wanna live on the edge. Yeah. So I mean, like, if you guys get me, if you do the wedding in June and you graduate and your income starts in July or August, I'm fine with that. You follow me? I'm not fine. I don't love it. But there's, but at least you're not completely stinking broke. You don't Have four kids and you're trying to like, you know, keep a household running like you guys can, you guys can do it. Yeah. And you got this in and then you guys got a pinky swear and spit shake with each other. We're not doing nothing till we build up a big old emergency fund.


'cause I assume you have zero debt, right? Yeah, absolutely. No debt. Okay. Okay. That's what I started this whole conversation with that assumption. But yeah, I think you're, I think you're on track and here's the good news, Riley, you're gonna be okay 'cause you're thinking about it and because you're a saver, which means you're being, you're concerned about overextending. 'cause your nature is that where Rachel is a spender. I'm a spender. Our nature is woo hoo, we'll be fun, let's go buy it. You know? But, and we have to guard against that nature to be wise and, and not, not not get up over our skis, you know, and, and fall on our face. So I think because you're asking the question that that tells me, you're probably gonna be okay because you're a savor. You're probably gonna be okay if your fiance's on board with those two things.


And I'll say this too, that the income is pretty guaranteed. It's not like, oh, we're going into sales and I think we're gonna be making X, Y, and Z. Like it's a, you know, you know the salary ahead of time. Yeah. It's laid out pretty black and white. You know what's going on. So we Moving straight into officer court. So yeah, that predictability is helpful in the scenario too. Ri so yeah. Sharp. That's great. Sharp, sharp. Young people serving, serving the Country. I know. Thank you guys so much for that. Very cool. And congrats. Have fun planning it and everything. It's gonna be fun. It's very exciting. Very cool. This is The Ramsey Show.


Taking care of your health doesn't have to cost a fortune. That's why Field of Greens is in my house. Field of Greens is made from fruits and veggies selected by doctors to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism. And here's the best part. They're so confident your doctor will notice your improved health. They offer a money back guarantee, no questions asked. Try today and get 15% off@fieldofgreens.com slash RAMSEY. Promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Hey guys, our two night virtual event investing essentials is almost here. There's a lot of confusion out there about building wealth. So George Kamel and I are breaking it down and teaching you how to invest with confidence. You'll learn how to maximize your 401k and mutual funds, plus I'll be sharing my personal playbook for real estate. But hurry time's, running out investing Essentials is March 4th and fifth. Tickets start at 1 99. Grab yours today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


In the lobby of Ramsey Solutions is the debt free stage. And if you're standing on it, it usually means one thing that you're debt free. And that's where Patrick and Chelsea are. Hey guys, how are you doing? Great. Hi. Hey Dave, how Are you? Welcome. Where do y'all live? Louisville, Kentucky. All Right, well welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you? Two paid off? 250,000. Oh Oh man. How long did that take? Just over five years. Good For you. And your range of income during that Time? Started around one 50 and up to two 80. Good for you. What do y'all do for a living? We're small business owners. We own a franchise, a security franchise, and we just started a consulting business on the side. Very Good. Amazing. So you're killing it. Yes. Trying to. Congratulations.


Oh, well done. So five years, 250,000. Did you guys pay off your house? We did, We Did. Look at weirdos. Couple of weirdos. I love it. How old are you? Two? I'm 39. I'm 37. All Right. Mid thirties, the late thirties. I like it. What's this house worth? Probably about five 50. Good for you. And how much in your retirement accounts? 360. Okay. Bumping up on, well you own a business too, so you are millionaires. Yes, baby. Step millionaires. Way to go, guys. Done. And you're not even 40. That was our goal. That was our goal. I love it. Whoop. Well done. Okay. How does this story start?


How in the world do two people like you become weirdos by the time you're 40? Well done. Well, so we've always kind of lived by your principles. Avoided consumer debt. When we started our business, I had the same mindset. You know, stay away from debt as much as we can. We moved cross country from San Diego, from my previous job in federal law enforcement. Started our security company from scratch. You know, working long days, long hours. I think it was seven months in the beginning where I didn't have a day off. She's at home with the kids. Just fully supporting us and yeah, we make a great team and we're, we're so thankful for the position we're in now, Man. So security as in like alarm systems and cameras or More security guards, you know, for apartment complexes, Walmarts, that kind of thing.


Okay. So you're utilizing your law enforcement background now? Yes. Okay. I got You. So smart. So smart. Oh, very good. Yeah. That's a big deal. Yeah, Recession resistant is like what we like to call it. What'd you say? Recession resistant. Ah, Definitely. So good. So Good. Yeah, actually recession can cause it. Yeah, it's true. That's fun. How many kids do you guys have? We have two. Okay. How old are they? Luke Is five and Ryan is three. Okay. So they're keeping us young Man. So you had babies during kind of all of this? Yeah. I mean, at least the second one during this process. Yeah. Starting a business and leaning on the debt. Yes. No stress. Yep. Yeah, no Stress. No Big deal. No big deal. Just lean in for five years, get it done. Yes, get it done. Well done.


So how did you connect up to this RAMSEY stuff? So We've listened to the show for years. I've always, like I said, lived kind of by the principles, no consumer debt. We just really wanted to get rid of this mortgage as fast as we can. I hated seeing the amount of interest that we're sending to the bank just for them to, you know, lend us some money. So our goal was to pay it off by 40 and we achieved it by a little over a year. So it was great to set that goal for, he's closer than I am. I'm a little closer. She's got three years By the time he got All Right. Yeah. Okay, good. Oh, that's good. Very cool. So where'd you come from in California? San Diego. Okay. So when you moved to Louisville and you buy this house, you had to go, oh, this is so cheap.


Right? I could pay this off. That had to be part of the emotion. Yeah. The, the difference in the real estate markets are, are pretty significant. Obviously our house has gone up a little bit since, you know, 2020 and, and the last few years. But yeah, the, the, just being able to pay off the, the loan where we have no debt is just, there's so much peace behind that. And we, we love it. The grass feels different. It does feel different. It does. Yeah. And it, the other thing, and small business people are the only ones that grasp this. 'cause you're in sales every day and you, you have, you, you know, the, the weight is off your shoulders and you suddenly start making different and better business decisions because, you know, when you're early in business, you'll take any client and now the problem clients, you're like, eh, I think you need to go see my competitor.


You're high maintenance. I, I think, I think I'll let you work for somebody else. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you're not as desperate whenever everything's done, right. You're just like, All Right. And end up, you end up making more money because you're, because everything's just peaceful and you know, it's all different. It's a weird thing. So way to go you guys. I'm so proud of You. Well done you guys. Okay, so in this process, 'cause you guys started with no, I mean, I think no consumer debt anyways. 'cause you guys have been following this for a while. So when the five years kind of began, was it that hey, we're making more money, we're just not gonna increase lifestyle and we're throwing extra at it. Like, what was your plan of action for people listening that are like, okay, that's our next big step. Were did you feel like you were still intense or do you feel like No, we were able to like live and breathe, but we just didn't up our lifestyle majorly What did that look like for you Guys?


Both, I'd say we did increase our lifestyle. Some, but not nearly as much as we could have. And I mean, we also finished our basement. We had a new roof that we put on the house. So yeah. Lots of expenses that, you know, we were still having to, you know, live, but we didn't really have extravagant lifestyle. And we did take a nice trip when we finally did pay off the house, So we went to the Maldives. So that was, that was our celebration trip. Boom, boom. So Good. But yeah, we, we've we're just thankful to be able to be able to be in this position. Well, you're Making for sure one 50 to two 80 and you average 50,000 a year for five years. Yeah. So you, you were able to do some stuff there. There's wiggle room in there. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. That's the proper way to do it, so, very well done. Who was cheering you on? Anybody? Yeah, I would say, I mean, our friends and family have always been huge cheerleaders and each other.


I mean, we, working together is not for everyone married couples, but I feel like we, we make a great team and we kind of offset each other and yeah, we, we've been, I've, when he started, he, he worked seven months straight, like he said, no days off. No, he worked nights, he worked during the day during doing sales and I just was tried to be there to be the, the grounding person because I also had a full-time job, so I was also supporting us with my full-time job. So yeah, we, we, we cheer each other on too. Yeah. Well done. Well done. So good. So what do you tell people that are listening? What's the key to being almost 40 years old? You now have a paid for home, it's worth five 50 and zero debt of any kind and including the value of your business having net worth, well, in excess of a million dollars.


What, what do you tell people? The key to doing that by 40 is, I would say just do something, you know, get, get control of the person behind the mirror because the person in the mirror, you know, most of it's your behavior and if you can get control and spend less than you make, you know, get on a written budget, you know, you can, you can set goals and achieve them sooner than you think. Yeah. And of course discipline, just being, being living, living like you like no one else. Like you, like you say, we, we always, we always kind of re repeat that to each other. Like, we, we wanna live like no one else So that later we can live and give like not one else. And here you stand. Yeah. You did it. Wow. How's it feel to not have a payment in the world?


It's amazing. It feels Great. I Know. It feels great. Yeah. And a side note. So you always talk about how the grass feels different, you know, walk through the grass barefoot. So the day that, you know, we made the final payment on the house, I decided I'm gonna walk through the grass barefoot. You Actually did it. I did. We we did get 10 inches of snow on that day. So Like, I'm doing it. I'm doing it. Yep. So after I shoveled the driveway, I took off my boots. Oh my god. And went for a quick little brisk walk in the grass. In the, in The snow. In the snow. In the snow. It did. Still different for sure. Yeah, because it's cold. Yep. Wow. That's hilarious. You could have waited until spring. I really No. Sound an intense cold.


Pl We weren't tired. Get intense pl We retired for that moment. That's right. You did. You did. Oh man, we guys Crazy. We gotta cross coals here. Good job, man. That's fun. Well done. Very proud of you guys. You're excellent, excellent weirdos. Very cool. All Right. Patrick and Chelsea, not even 40, along with Luke and Brian, whose family tree has been completely, are they Here changed? They're here. They're here. Like, oh, They're with us. I didn't see, I didn't know they were here. Oh buddy, look At them. Oh man. How great. Oh you guys, You guys have no idea how great their life is because their mom and dad are heroes. You completely changed everything for them and those grandkids that'll come from them. Excellent stuff, very good stuff. Patrick and Chelsea, Luke and Ryan, Louisville, Kentucky, 250,000 paid off house and everything in five years now with a net worth in excess of a million dollars.


Baby step millionaires at 39 and 37. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1. We debt Free. Yeah, they did it. I heard Luke. Luke did. Good. I love it. He's ready man. Aw, So sweet. It's great. So good. This is The Ramsey Show.


Running a business is freaking hard. It's easy to get caught up in the daily challenges and fears that keep you stuck. That's why I want you to reserve your copy of our new book, build a Business You Love, where we share the proven system that helped us break through those challenges and build Ramsey Solutions from a card table in my living room to a $250 million company in the process. When you pre-order today, you're gonna get more than $350 in bonuses for free, including an enhanced audiobook experience, early access to the Build a business you love, ebook and instant access to our hiring playbook so you can start transforming your business right now. Build a business you love, the essential guide for every business owner like you that wants to grow yourself, lead your team, and scale your business. To reserve your copy, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at eight eight eight two five five two two five investing. When I say the words, some of you are immediately intimidated, Dave, I can't invest, I don't know what that even means. It scares me. Oh, I understand. And the good news is it's not as complicated as some of the goobers in the financial world make it sound. It's as if they need to use $10 words so they can charge you a commission. So we teach investing where everyone can understand it and do it because everyone should understand it and do it.


And we're gonna go even deeper for you super nerds. We're gonna do our Investing Essentials virtual event March 4th and fifth next week. Tickets start at 9 1 99. Now this is two nights, it's a two night event. The first night is several hours, a couple of hours plus on investing of all kinds. The second night we're gonna comment or we're gonna teach primarily on real estate. And I'm gonna open up how I've learned to do real estate investing in detail. And it is nerd ville, if you're having trouble sleeping, you'll not have any trouble after this. I'll put you straight to sleep. It's really nerd ville.


But if you nerd out on this stuff like I do, if you like doing the spreadsheets in the math and so forth, you will love this event. Investing essentials. Both nights are gonna be where everybody can understand it. I'm kidding around. But it's really stuff I don't get into much. It's only the second time I've ever taught this much depth on real estate investing. And I own several hundred million dollars worth of real estate. So several hundred million dollars worth. So we're gonna get into that. It's not a theory is I actually freaking do this stuff. Okay. And I'm not teaching you to do something and then I go do something different. This is what I do, and then you can do it or not do it. It's up to you. So get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events and click the link in the show notes if you're tuning in on podcast or YouTube.


And this is a great young, you guys did this event last year and it, and people, It's only time we've ever done it was last year. They loved it, loved it. So honestly, it really is. It's a, it's a great deep dive into this subject. So, Oh, George Kamel is like, he's nerding out from now on. He is, this is like, this is like his, his special, his hobby, spiritual gift hobby. It's like his hobby's, what he likes to do. George, get a life. He's really enjoying this. It's really, he's gonna, and he's really good. It's good. It's gonna be, he's gonna, it's fun. His part will probably be better than mine, but it's pretty incredible. All Right. Sarah's in Philadelphia. Hi Sarah, how are you? I'm good. How are you guys? Better than I deserve. How can we help? Okay, so I fell for the lovely money trap of taking out a lot of student loans and I had 85,000 in my name and 50 were through Parents plus loans through my parents.


Now I did tell my parents, of course, I would help them pay off whatever they put into their name. So I've been working really hard for the past eight years and I paid off all of the student loans that were in my name. So I have no debt legally in my name. But when I went and tell my parents about it, like, hey, I'm, I know I've been throwing money at you guys for this every month, but I'm really gonna start to focus on it. They kind of told me that they combined my loans and my siblings parent plus loans that they took out for them into one big student loans pot. So I am kind of, I, I was kind of shocked that they said that because I've been paying towards it and instead of paying towards mine, I've kind of been paying towards everybody's.


No. So now I'm like, no, no, No. I'm at a point where like, I don't know what to do, How much you are. You did make an obligation. Okay, number one stop. Number one, you don't have any legal obligation at all. You do have a moral obligation because you promised to pay your part, but you did not promise to pay your siblings part. Correct? Correct. Okay, so how old are you? I'm 29. Okay. How much have you paid towards the loan that your parents have? I've paid almost the full amount of it. Like before interest, I've been giving them a thousand dollars a month for like eight, almost eight years.


Okay. All Right. A thousand dollars a month for eight years? Is that what you said? Yeah. Okay. So why would a $60,000 loan not be gone? The interest rates were high. What were the interest rates? They were at like seven to 8% per loan and it was two different loans put Together. Did you, is the thousand dollars a month steady for eight years? Yes. Yes, that's Correct. Okay. And you know what the original balance was, right? Yeah. Okay. All Right. So and you're how old again? 29. Okay.


Are you married? No. Okay. Do you have an investment advisor? No. Okay. Alright. Because it's a simple math, it's a financial calculator. I don't have one laying in front of me. Could almost do it on the air, but probably not. But we could simply say, All Right, $60,000 at 7% and a thousand dollars on that. What would be the remaining balance after eight years? I think it's gonna be zero. I know it's coming pretty close, which is why I mentioned it. Like, And I don't know, I don't owe you anymore. Mom and dad, I fulfilled my obligation. Did they, how did they respond, Sarah? 'cause they know how much you've been paying and, and, and Yeah. Did they say, oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


Your term's almost up or like what you've given us or was it pushed back to you? They Kind of just like dropped the bombshell, like, oh, well this happened, you know, like to make our, the payments lower, we've a few years ago we, it Doesn't matter. Yeah, but did they acknowledge the amount of money you've already paid them? They did, but now it's like they're treating it like it's different. Like a one big loan. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So mom, that's a relationship issue. So mom and dad, here's the deal. I did not promise to pay anyone else's loans. I promised to pay mine, mine was $60,000 at 7%. And with a thousand dollars a month for eight years, the remaining balance would be zero or would be X.


And so I have, I have $2,600 more to go and then I'm not paying you anymore. I've met my obligation to you. The fact that you chose to consolidate it for a smaller debt and my brother has chose not to pay his, does not affect my deal with you. Yeah, that's pretty much, that's pretty much the exact scenario of my siblings need to not being able to pay theirs right now. So My, so you just need to get real clear. Number one, you need to get the exact math done and I can't do that for you right now. And have it visual. Have it on a sheet of paper. Like here's exactly. Yeah, do it. Go online and you can print it out. Okay. You can just go online and find a calculator online and put in six per or 7% $60,000 and a thousand dollars a month for eight years.


And what is the balance? And you can pr, you can do it online and in probably about 45 seconds. I, if I was smart, I could do it right now, but I'm not. So I used to ke keep a financial calculator here on the desk in the old days. But it's, I I think your balance is going to be zero 'cause you're gonna be up over $90,000 you've paid in including interest. That should be at zero. Okay. Because we're, we're talking about 45 and yeah, 96 months that you paid in a thou. $96,000 you paid in and 7% interest. So you're probably have overpaid, but I wouldn't worry about it if you've overpaid it.


Okay. Relationally. But I would just say I paid in $96,000, including interest. That means I don't owe anymore. Sorry, mom and dad, the rest of it's on you. And bro, I did my part. Okay. I did my part. But you can use the actual math and show it to 'em. Yeah. And please say bro. Yeah, Just since a boomer, since I broke, since I made a bad, a bad dad joke saying No, that's great. That's great. No, no, no. Sarah, is this, is this gonna be a hard conversation or do you, like when you have the math and you lay everything out, do you have the type of relationship that you feel, Are they gonna understand this? Yeah. How, how's that gonna go? Oh God, I think it's gonna be a tough conversation. Oh Man.


Yeah. Only because like they've done a lot of other things for me. You know? Yeah. They changed your diaper, but you don't have to pay 'em for that. That's called being a parent Right Now. They fed you, but you don't have to pay 'em for that. That's called being a parent. So this is a, this is a mess they have made. And they're very lucky, honestly as parent plus holders that Sarah has paid That Sarah actually has paid $96,000. Jesus. Because 90% of the time I take this phone call, it's the parent griping because the kid has never paid a dime after they promised they would. And they're stuck with a big old, hairy parent plus loan. But in this case, mom and dad are the ones that stepped in it.


Well done Sarah. And they got some on their shoe. Morally you've done everything to the T you don't have to do anymore. I wouldn't. You're free. I wouldn't do anymore. You don't owe anymore, but run the numbers to be a hundred percent sure. This is The Ramsey Show.