
This is The Ramsey Show, where you come to talk about your life and we want to help you in the areas of your money, your work, and your relationships. All three of those areas, well, they affect each other. And if you're not winning in one, well you're probably losing in the others. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is with me, one of my favorite people to host a show with. I think everybody knows that. I'm increasingly being told that by people though, that we meet. People Do ask me, Ken, who's your favorite to host with? and I always say, yeah, Yeah. and I should reciprocate. It's George. It's Ken. So there it is, folks. We are affectionately known by some people as the root beer float of The, Ramsey Show. George says he's the root beer and I'm the vanilla ice cream.


I'm not gonna argue with em, but one thing, they got More SAS Barilla. What Can I say? That's right. One thing I agree we agree on is that The phone number to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. And lemme point this out really quick. We're gonna get right to the phones. Okay? We're getting more and more calls. James, the producer is telling us, and we've got some lined up today, people are thinking about the economy thinking, people are thinking about the election. They have a choice to make. This happens once every four years, kind of like the Olympics. You don't wanna miss the Olympics. And you kind of wanna decided. So we're gonna be taking on your calls today. So we've got a, this is your show and this is what you wanna talk about. So we're gonna do it and we're gonna apply our classic and timeless principles to help you win with your money and help you figure out what does my vote have to do with it and do who I vote for.


Does it actually make a difference? We're gonna cover that a lot in this hour. So let's get to it. You ready? I'm ready. Alright. Crystal is gonna start us off in Orlando, Florida. Crystal, how can we help? Hi guys, how are you today? We're doing great. How are you? I'm good. I'm, I just wanted to know what can I do, what can we do to, you know, recession proof our a job or find a job that's recession proof? Hmm. Yeah, those are two different questions because the first question is, is what can we do to recession proof our life? And my pal George Campbell, I, I'm gonna let him take that one. And then the second question is very different. Can I get, or George, maybe it's, is there a recession proof job?


So two different questions. Let's start with the first one. Sure, go ahead. How does she and her husband recession proof in her life? 'cause I, I think she's indirectly asking that. Is that fair Crystal? That's true, yes. Alright, Let's take on that part. We got this a lot during the, the pandemic. How do I sort of pandemic proof my life? How do I create a Bulletproof Financial Foundation for my family? And the answer is simple crystal, don't owe people money. Have money in the bank and be investing for the future. And so if you are completely debt free, you have an emergency fund of three to Six months of expenses. Well, if that job loss does happen, it's not gonna be fun, but it's not gonna throw you into a tizzy either. You're gonna have money to get by, you don't owe people money. So the income is less of an issue.


So that's what I would recommend on top of investing for the future and not touching that money and not freaking out. That's what most people do. They have no savings. They tap in, they get the credit card, the heloc when times are bad and then they never climb out of that. So are you in that spot right now? No, but I am a stay at home mom right now and I am looking for a full-time job and I just kind of, I'm finding that it's a little slim Pickens. That's right. So I've been looking for about, you know, a few months. What are you looking for? And, well, the pay is a big thing just because I have to put one of my children in daycare. So it has to, you know, level itself out, right? So anything like, you know, customer service or something like that, but the pay has to be there and I have what kind of pay?


Found a couple for me, maybe like 18 to 20 bucks an hour and the area that I'm at, those jobs just aren't paying that. Yeah. One of the things to, to look at that is not area specific is customer service jobs online and, and, and phone customer service work where you could actually do that at home and not have to put the child in daycare potentially if you have some help around the house. Maybe an older grandmother somebody wants to help. A lot less expensive. But I would be looking at that. Yeah. I don't think it has to be Orlando based to make the 18 to $20 an hour. In fact, I know it doesn't have to be for that customer service type role. Well, I have been looking around a lot and applying like, you know, through a lot of larger, larger corporations and stuff, but they're just, I'm not getting callbacks and trying to get through HR for something like that.


It's just not, it's not happening. Yeah. Well I get it. You're you're gonna have to, you're gonna have to hustle and we're gonna have to think about relationships first. I'm gonna give you the book, the proximity principle as my gift to you, which will do a deep dive and, and help you think through, okay, what are the relationships that I have so that I'm getting around the resume lottery process. 'cause that's a very discouraging and, and quite frankly not a very effective way to kind of get a job these days just because of AI and the amount of people applying. And, and so I'll jump in here on, on what George said. We need an 18 to $20 an hour job. However we can get it. If we can get it remotely at this point, it's better for you from a childcare standpoint.


But I would, I would encourage you, it's out there. But to your question, 'cause now I understand your question is rooted in frustration and now you understand the signs of what's gonna happen with this economy. We're seeing the unemployment rate now up over 4%. But the jobs report that just came out this week says we're holding steady. We didn't have unemployment jump up. So we're still in a decent job market. But the answer to your question is the only job in the world that is recession proof is that of being a parent. 'cause when you said I'm a stay home mom, I went, that's the only recession proof job Because It meaning you're not gonna get fired from being a mom. Okay. So the reason I'm saying that is this, there is no silver bullet career or profession that if a recession causes a company to lay somebody off, they don't just go, well, you know, at some point everybody's job is up for grabs.


Well A lot of people gravitate to government jobs 'cause they see them as more stable. They go, well I'm not gonna get fired as A-U-U-U-S-P-S driver or a teacher. Okay. I still wouldn't call that recession proof and I'm just being completely honest. So what you're looking for here is Crystal, is you're looking for something that is as close to what they call essential workers during the pandemic. It drove me nuts and I think to the extent that you could be working for some trades, you know, you could, you do customer service for some local trades people in your area because they're small businesses, they're always looking for help. I would be looking that direction. Okay. Does that make sense? I could definitely do that.


Yeah. I've been looking at smaller businesses too and you know, a lot of what I get is we've had a lot of applicants or like they fill it super quickly and I'm not trying to make excuses that I'm, you know, haven't been able to find a job. Oh, I know, I know you're Not. It's a lot of competition and you know, there is, were You working outside the home before? I was and it was just, it was kind of just answering, answering phones. I was, I was a verification specialist just verifying people's backgrounds and the jobs that they've had previously. I think you need more confidence in the skills you do have Crystal right now you're kind of going Well I was just ans I was just answering phones and I, you know, I've been being a mom and, and that's why I think you need to lead with the skillset you do have and I think you have more skills than you think you do.


Yeah. And I and Crystal, I'm gonna, I'm gonna reemphasize, I think the small business is where you need to go. These larger companies, okay, you're just another name and there is so much competition for him. But I'm talking like the guy that's got a crushing plumbing business and he can't find anybody to help take his phone calls. But you're just sitting there going, I can do this with my eyes closed and, and you know, one hand behind my back while my kids running around throwing goldfish all over the place. I, I think the small business owners, and this is you and your church community, your sports communities, your, wherever you and your hus husband are doing life, who's got a small business that just needs an office manager or some administrative help.


Crystal's been the COO of her own home. And so I think you need to look at Great point. That's what I need to do. I know how to handle the operations. Yeah, That's as close as recession proof as possible is where you are the right hand and the person who makes a tradesman's life a lot easier. Crystal, you can do this. Hang on the line. We'll get you the book, the Proximity principle for the rest of you. Don't move. Quick break more of your questions coming up. This is The Ramsey Show.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text. Their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xander.com for instant online quotes.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships. The phone number's Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. An interesting unintended theme hour around, you know, the economy. We we're gonna be talking about that and, and what's going on with this presidential election and, and things of that nature. That's a little bit more of that coming up.


But first it is, it's August George and around here. That means we've got some incredible deals. I guess Dave just tells everybody slash prices in August. It's how it's almost been. It's what it looks like. So we've got the $12 sale is what it's actually called. This is happening through August 31st. So everything we're talking about the parenting advice, making more money, purpose in the work, the whole nine yards, saving money, avoiding all the stuff. We've got it. So $12 on everything. Smart money, smart kids, baby steps, millionaires. Let's see what else we got. Building a non-anxious life And your own book, Ken from Paycheck Purpose and from Paycheck to Purpose, You made the $12 sale. That's a heck of a deal. You're not in here. Not yet. My book is too new. I think they wait, you Know. Oh, that's right. Yeah. It's too fresh. Yeah. don don't want. Yeah, don don't know. I wish, I mean I want everyone to have it. Yeah, good. But I think it's, think it's a few bucks more Still on. You still get it? It's still there. Add it to the cart. There It is. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash sale. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash sale.


Alright, James is up in Kansas City. James, how can we help today? I, Hi, how are you? Good. See you guys. I just got, we sold our company here recently and the proceeds are well into nine figures. Wow. Congrats. And we're concerned. Thank you. We're concerned about not making trust on babies with, for our heirs in the future. So I thought, you know, we got lots of attorneys that are helping us and stuff, but I'm not getting the kind of advice that I'd like to, to hear from them. So What are your worries? That they're gonna become entitled and they're gonna blow through millions and millions of dollars and implode their life.


Yeah. What is it? Shirt sleeves. The shirt sleeves and three generations or something like that. So how old are the kids? Well, they're anywhere from 40 to non-existent. Okay. So these are not children we've Got, well, I'm not worried about my own kids. I'm worried about the kids. I won't even know my great, great great grandkids. Let free you. I'm not so sure that you should be doing that. 'cause you don't have any say in it. Yeah. Let me, allow me to free you and tell you that you have no control over what happens with future generations and their behavior. All you can do is raise great kids.


Do you think you've done a good job of raising great kids into becoming great adults? Yeah, I think so. Of course, you know, you look back at it and you always think he'd done something wrong. I'm sure I did. Well, no, Bute buddy's ner. That's what Ken always likes to say. Poe Buddy is Ner Poe. Buddy's ner. There you go. Wait, wait. What is, what is wrong with you? You're not on your meds today. Is that a thing? I'm having a good time with our friend James. I've Never heard that before. Well Google it, Ken. Get a clue. All right. But James, that the, the thing is here, you don't have control. It sounds like you've raised great kids. I understand you've gotta, you feel the weight when you're talking about nine figures sitting out there and you don't want the, these people to implode their life generationally. But I think the best thing you can do is talk to your own kids and go, Hey, this changes our family tree for a long time.


Let's have a conversation about what we wanna do with this generational wealth we've created. Okay. Have you done that? Yeah. We're we've been doing that and we've got a series of family meetings that we're gonna start up with this fall. And we were trying to, planning on starting some, some kids programs where they start donating out of their foundation to local charities. Start that at like age eight, run that to age 20. And in each, they would've to decide as a group which charity they wanted to donate to.


So if you had an age group of eight to 12 and then 13 to 16, and then 18 to 20 or something, each one to get a little bit more money to donate. Okay. So it's kind of this, there's some strings attached to here and that's perfectly fine because it's your money and you can set certain milestones within the trust to say, Hey, if they do this, this is what they get. If they graduate college, here's what happens. Okay? If they get a job, if they get married, and here's the conditions, it's okay to set it up like that. Good, good. And so you, you can decide, but I would make sure that your kids know what's going on, that you're all in agreement with the value system of which we're making these decisions is that we wanna lead with generosity, we're gonna invest wisely. We wanna have work ethic.


No one's getting a free ride. But you also don't need to clutch it so tightly that it destroys your life in the meantime. Yeah. And that's, I'm not too worried about that, but it, it is a bit of a guilt trip. So yeah. What, what are you guilty about? Well, we're in a small community And so you feel like it's not fair that you have all this wealth and other people don't. It's a little bit that way. Yeah. Alright, So I've gotta jump in. I've gotta jump in, James, because I, I think this is all mindset for you and you're a really good person, okay? Which is why you feel the way you feel, but you've got this thing all twisted in your head.


So I'm just gonna ask you a couple quick questions. Did you work your butt off when you started and built that company? Yeah. For 50 years. For 50 years. James, you worked your butt off. Did you start off with a ton of money? Nope. We started off with $400 a month. Okay. And when you sold the company, did you, did you pull one over on the company that bought it from you or the people that bought it from you? Or was it an absolutely fair market rate and absolutely worth what you got for it? It was a, it was a good deal for everybody. Yeah. And is everybody in your small town, do they have a right to live the same life that you live the same circumstances?


Do they have a right to the money that you made? Well, they could, they could do it. I mean, anybody Could. I didn't ask you that. I said, do they have a right to it? No, they don't. All Right. So James, you're a really good man, but just because you've done very, very well in a small town and that puts you in a very small percentage of people, you're probably the wealthiest person in your town that doesn't make you a bad person. And, and thus you have nothing to feel guilty about. You've done nothing wrong. In fact, everything you've done is actually right. Correct. You can make that argument. My wife's a little more conservative than I am.


Okay. Well, and What does she think about all this? Well, she's on, she's on board with it. But you know, in the Midwest here, you're just not whyy. You're just not very flashy people. Yeah, but, but, but, but no one's talking about being flashy. But I gotta tell you, James, by the way, I don't know if you're walking up and down the steps while you're talking to us or not. James Is getting his workout in as we speak. But's on the move. I gotta tell you something pallet, Jack. Hey James. We, we lost you. James, speak directly into your phone. I got some guys upstairs with a pallet jack. Oh, the pallet jack. I can't tell you how many times that's happened to me on a phone call. Classic. But James, listen to me. You've gotta be the most low key nine figure earner I've ever talked to in my life.


Your borderline sad about it. And that's just crazy. You just don't need to, to feel like you gotta slink around and apologize for this extreme wealth. You just don't, you've earned it. So do something good with it. And you don't have to be flashy, but you can do something good well, and, and, and doesn't have your name. And you can Impact your community. You get to give as much of this away as you'd like. And so I want you to feel afraid here versus feeling like you're in the prison and We are good. We are, we're probably giving away half, half of it is probably what we're doing Away. Well, fantastic. Get a little then get, just get a little bit of, a little bit more juice in your step here.


Just be a little bit more excited about this. It's not a massive problem not to be worried about, not to be scared about. Like, this is an opportunity to, to live like no one else. And so I would tell you to do it. We're cheering for you, my man. I tell you. Do some things you never dreamed of when it comes to giving, when it comes to spending, when it comes to investing, building wealth, leaving a legacy. I think you need a dream meeting with your spouse, a dream meeting with your kids. And then once you have exactly that clear vision of what we're gonna do with this, it's gonna put some pep in the step. Yeah. James is gonna check on the pallet Jack. Guys. George and I are gonna take a quick break and before you know it more Ramsey show and your calls are right around the corner.


Don't rely on politicians or the healthcare system to do what you can do for yourself. We teach personal responsibility on The Ramsey Show. And that's why I'm excited to tell you how you can take your family's health into your own hands. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company, I got mine. and I can tell you this is not some rinky dink first aid kit with band-aids. It comes with real prescriptions prepared by leading doctors to treat over 30 common illnesses. This kit can treat infections like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and bronchitis because you have the prescriptions on hand, like a Z-Pak, amoxicillin, or Ivermectin. And if you start your meds faster, you get well faster. The kit gives you peace of mind. No doctor visits, no pharmacy lines, no copays. Wellness company medical emergency kits help put you in control of your family's health. So go to urgent care kit.com/ramsey, answer a few online questions and get your kit rushed to your door. Use the promo code Ramsey for a 15% discount at checkout. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey promo code Ramsey,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell joins you this hour. The phone number for you to jump in is Triple eight eight two five five two two five To the phones we go. Joy is joining us in Bowling Green, Ohio. Joy, how can we help today? Hi. So I have a question in general, how we can change our federal politicians. Meaning, is there a way that we, as the people could institute term limits for our congressmen? Yes. We already have term limits for governors and obviously presidents. But is there something that we can do? I mean, 'cause they're not gonna vote on it. They're not gonna approve their own term limits.


Right? What can we do as people to get this changed? Yeah. Well, good question. So for those of you who can't remember learning about this in the fifth or sixth or seventh grade, give you the quick answer. There's two ways that, that the American people could bring forth an amendment to the Constitution and it would take an amendment to the Constitution to actually create term limits for the United States Senate and the House of Representatives. The first is, I think you know, this joy, a congressional proposal. So a current member of Congress on the Senate side or the House side could put forth a proposal to amend the US Constitution because this is a, not it, there's not legislation.


This is an actual amendment to the Constitution in order to get term limits. So it would take one of the 435 members of Congress, right, Senate House, to actually put the proposal forward. And then it would take a two thirds majority vote of both the House and the Senate to actually get this going. That's never, ever just to get it going. No, no. To get it through. No, no. The proposal, one person could do it to propose it. Absolutely. Okay. But joy, you're right. Those men and women up there are never going to vote to term limit themselves the second, there's No way on the state level that we could say, okay, yes you Can. Yes you can.


I'm getting there. We okay, I'm getting there. Sorry, I had to give you the full picture. All right. The other way it can happen is a constitutional convention. And this is where two thirds of the 50 states, so that would be 34 out of 50 states, could call for a constitutional convention, then propose the amendment, which would be term limits. And then the ratification process would require three-fourths or 38 out of the 50 state legislators, legislatures by conventions to vote for it. So if you said, all right, we want a term limit. So you'd have to have a majority of 34 states would all have to agree their house and Senate would say, all right, we're doing this convention.


Then they take it to the convention. And out of the 34 states that said yes, we should talk about it, 38 George would have to say, vote in a majority, by the way. So Tennessee's house and Senate would've to vote for the amendment and they would've to be with 37 other states, 38 states. Total joy would then amend the Constitution. Which by the way, while we're talking about this last week on the show, I proposed a balanced budget amendment. So joy, the answer to your question is this would've to be a groundswell, a grassroots movement where the state legislators and the governors of the state said, we probably should listen to the people of our state and we should do this. So it's gonna take a massive grassroots movement, massive, massive organized George grassroots movement and joy.


That's the only way it happens. And the framers of our constitution, by the way, they made it this difficult on purpose. So that you can't just, you know, get an angry mob together and change the constitution. So is it difficult? Yes. Is it possible? Yes. Will it happen? Probably not. Thanks for your vote of confidence, Joy. Listen to me. Joy, I want you to hear me say on the record, I'm for term limits. I would propose it right now if I were in Congress and my proposal to anybody that wants to take it to their congressman, by the way, if you wanna call 'em, here's the proposal. One term in the Senate, which is six years George, and three terms in the house, which is six years.


Everybody gets six years to do damage or do good and then you're out. So joy, I'm for it. I'm also for a balanced budget amendment. And I'll say this again as I said it last week. This is a money show. And our audience is always thinking about money. You vote With your wallet. And I'm telling you, the balanced budget amendment would be the first thing joy I would do. I would put term limit, limit. Second, I would like to see the American people say, you know what? We should require the federal government to balance the budget so that we don't drain our resources, our tax dollars. I agree with that. For debt, I ran in, I ran into Bob Latta a couple years ago, and I was asking him some local questions. And to be honest with you, he told me that you have to be in DC so long to get appointed to the right committees to make any difference.


Yeah. That basically, even if he is there his entire career, he would just be getting to where he needs to be to make any change. Yeah, that's absolutely right. And that just left me hanging with my mouth open and I know and frankly disgusted. So Yeah, you should be. But here's the deal. We need more people to be disgusted, not with the other party and not with the other candidate, but be disgusted with both parties and their management of the resources in this nation. 'cause we can argue about all these social issues and all this other stuff. And by the way, where we are in, I'm just gonna say this while I'm on it, I'm just gonna say this. No one can stop you except for everyone in the booth.


No. Here's the deal. Our political discourse in this country has now devolved on both sides to insults and accusations. When I listen to both candidates talk, I don't hear anything about a vision for the future. I don't hear it, I don't hear about a vision for, let's balance the federal budget So. we don't mortgage our children's futures away. What are we doing to actually make Social security solvent today? I, I just don't hear it. So anyway, enough of that, It's no solutions. It's more fear mongering and going, life's gonna be better if you vote For me. So to the spirit of Joyce question, the American people through their state government can make a huge difference. And that's how you're gonna have to do it.


Yeah. I, I have very little faith in any of this happening in my lifetime, especially. 'cause in this situation, Ken, the very people who would lose power are the ones who vote on it in one of these solutions. A Hundred percent. Right? So why would they do that? Why would you? Yeah. So, you know, civics 1 0 1, there it is possible. But let, let's say this, we have millions upon millions of Ramsey show listeners and viewers, YouTube podcast radio. I'm not saying we should do this, but if the millions and millions of people that are listening to us and watch us were to say, you know what, let's take a shot at this. Let's mobilize, let's get after a balanced budget amendment and let's take it to our state representatives and state senators and maybe even a governor.


You know, what, would you get it done right away? Probably not. But if you got 20 states that went public and said, we're proposing a constitutional amendment. We need 30, we need 14 more. You might see it happen. So I do think over a period of two to six years, you could probably get to a point where it was even possible. But this is about money and I think the American people should be uniting around money, not social issues. Just what is, what is the result of us being 30 some trillion dollars in debt? That's not just a, whoops, it's a line item. Well, just like we do with our personal finances, at some point the number becomes so astronomical you, it becomes fake.


It becomes this like monopoly money situation. And you go, well, our grandkids will deal with that, which is frightening. But George, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say something that you may be shocked by, but if I were to put you in the room with the Congressional budget office and all the committees and everything, and you got the, and and I put you in a room and I said, we'll give you guys three square meals a day. You get eight hours of sleep, you're back in there. I believe We could fix it. That you could balance the budget. Now people are gonna fight over it. But the point is you could balance the budget. You absolutely could. Well, you know, it's spend less than you make. It sounds that simple, but it really Is that simple. You know a bit about that. That's it. You literally could go, well this is a little, this is like the Netflix subscription.


Yes. You know, We're feeding, We're instead of Netflix, you're like, you're sending how many billions to this country every day. Start looking it up. Can we cut that subscription? Yeah. We, is that an option? We got a new feeding program for the Rare Spotted Owl. Okay. Love the spotted Al. They're not as important as my kids. Cut it, George. Cut It. The, the Spotted Owl. Well, folks would like to have a word with you, Ken. You see my point? Yeah. But what would you say to the person who would fight you over the Netflix subscription? Oh my gosh. You'd say cut it, would you not? Well, We have to agree on the goal. If the goal is to spend less money, now we gotta go. Where are we gonna cut it? Alright, See you come at it from That's where, from a financial standpoint. Then George Campbell's the hero I'm in. I love it. We'll see if we can get George elected, Get the government on an EveryDollar budget.


It's time. That's right. Coming up next. How does the Fed changing the interest rate up or down affect you every day? We'll discuss it next. This is The Ramsey. Show.


Dying without a will can cost your family thousands of dollars in legal fees and administrative costs. A will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want and it saves your loved ones extra stress at a tough time. So making a will on Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com should be your number one thing on your to-do list. And if you need another reason, August is national Make a Will month. You guys creating your will takes just 20 minutes on Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com. Heck, you can do it during halftime of the game if you're watching. So you got no excuse. Plus you can make changes to your will for free for up to 180 days until you're completely satisfied. There are a lot of online wheel companies out there. But with Mama Bear, there are no membership fees, no subscription, and no upselling. The price you see at the beginning is the price you pay. So go to Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com and save 20% with a promo code Ramsey. And now you really have no excuse not to get it done. That's 20% off at Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com with the code. Ramsey,


How we doing out there America? Hope you're having a good day. We are. I'm Jor. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm George. I'm Ken Coleman. That's the first time A boy Ken dream a boy. You know, a lot of people call me Ken accidentally on the show. When they call in they say, Hey Ken, great to Talk to you. That's What happened to me too. What a great honor it is. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. My favorite is when I'm on and and someone calls me Dave. That's always fun. You just have to move along. Yeah. So I caught myself. I'm Ken Coleman actually. He, I think your Congressman Coleman today. George George. It's got a ring to it. Oh boy. Nope, nope. Don't wanna do that at all. Let's be very, very clear. I just wanna be mayor of a small town. I is that is that so wrong? I think you could do that. Well, You know, just walk around waving to people. Yep, yep.


You're always ribbon cutting at the fair, the county fair. I think you'd be a huge hit. That's it. I don't want any real responsibility. Just lemme cut ribbons. Yeah, I think You'd be great at that. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Okay. Real quick, we're gonna get in the news and very relevant to you as we speak today. Okay. And so here we are, we're gonna talk about the interest rates. George the Fed, right? Jerome Powell. I've been mean about Jerome before I have, I have criticized Jerome in the past and I, I don't wanna criticize him today, but I wanna point out that he is the chairman of the Fed. The Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve. So here's the deal.


Everybody's going, what is he gonna do with interest rates? What's he gonna do with interest rates? A lot of people predicting they passed on the, the last meeting, they didn't do anything. A lot of people predicting quarter three, quarter four. And it affects the debt situation that people are barring. So I'll throw it to you George, the credit card. When people are looking, they're hoping, okay, if he drops it, maybe, maybe don don't have to pay as much. But guys like you and me, one of the great positives of the Fed raising the rate is we save more money. That's true. When, you know, when the Fed lowers the rate, it makes borrowing money cheaper. When they raise the rate, it makes borrowing money more expensive.


Now on the flip side, when you think about a savings account, we've also seen savings rates go up with borrowing rates go up. So if you are saving money, this is a great thing for you. If you've got $10,000 in a savings account that's growing at 5% instead of 2%, you're happy about that. That's right. But if your car loan is now 8% instead of 5%, you're upset about it. That's right. And so for those trying to borrow money actively, this hurts them. But guess what? Consumers have been borrowing money anyways Ken, because we've seen the consumer numbers go up For debt. It's not changing at all. Debt We've, we've seen inflation not cool at the rate they want to because largely consumers are still, it's still white hot people are still spending money, they're still borrowing money. Right. Which is kind of hurting the very thing they're wanting. Right. Which is inflation to cool.


That's Right. So the, the correlation between the Fed raising interest rates and how it affects mortgage rates is he's rate, those are the bond rates. So the bond rates. And so when the bond rate changes, it does have an indirect effect on mortgage rates. It's an inverse relationship Inverse. But he's not directly when he's moving. It doesn't automatically mean your mortgage provider or anybody else is gonna change their rate. But it has to do with that. Now here's some other things we just wanna kinda explain. How does it affect you? One of the biggies is employment. Jerome Powell came out a year and a half, two years ago and said, we're gonna start to raise rates because we've got a cool inflation. And the way they try to cool inflation is raising the rate, which it does it in two ways Makes it harder to borrow That.


But what happens is, is that companies, because a lot of companies are using debt for operating expenses or some type of leveraging, you know, around goods and services, then what will happen is they start to cut costs because their borrowing costs went up. And so they'll cut costs by dropping employees. So layoffs, okay, that's a big one. The other thing you gotta think about too is they wanna see unemployment go up in high times of inflation. And he said this because people spend less and we are a consumer driven economy, George, we're not a manufacturing driven economy. We're a consumer driven economy. In other words, we're all just passing each other's money around.


That is the American economy. And You need that to happen in order to keep this whole thing going. So when people stop spending, guess what happens? Companies aren't making as much money, slows it down, they lay it off. So those are the two factors that when you see interest rates go up, usually you see unemployment go up. When you see interest rates come down again, unemployment tends to drop as well. So that's what's going on. The inflation itself, cost and goods and services across the board, the housing market tremendously affected. Well that's the big one. If, as people are clamoring about, is if we can get these rates down, more people that we can get the housing market sort of stimulated again. 'cause it's been pretty stagnant lately. Right? So here's why we bring this up. Just as we took a call to start the show.


How can I recession prove my career? You wanna recession proof your life and you want to make sure that whatever Jerome Powell does and the Fed, it doesn't affect you that much. Because if you're trying to borrow out your eyeballs, then it affects you. That's right. Because every rate, every turn, the car loan, the credit card, yeah, the student loan, the mortgage, it all affects you. But when you go, you know what, I'm not gonna play the game. That's right. I'm gonna get out debt, I'm gonna pay off the house. That's right. Well then the rates, you go yawn, what else is on tv? Well that's what, That's what happens to you and me right now. The the only thing I get irritated about on the rates is when I'm like, oh, my savings rate just dropped. And that's what we're gonna see happen. If you have a savings account, what's likely gonna happen? You're gonna go, oh, it went from five to four.


Seven, five. Yeah. By the way, real quick point on this, 'cause this plays into what you teach and Dave teaches on investing. Earlier this week we saw a massive stock drop, right? It was the Dow lost over a thousand points. NASDAQ was probably what, 500 points off? Something like that. Anyway, point is people were panicking and one of the lead economists in this country came out and called for an emergency rate drop. Wow. Well the Fed, the Fed must have yawned and ignored him. It didn't happen. I thought that was a crazy reaction. They don't just go, well, one economist said it, can we have to do it? They Don't. But two days later, same economist came out because the, the market has already rebounded, largely Got it all back the next day, six 50 up and I don't know what it's done today.


My point is, this is the rollercoaster that you talk about. So if I lost cell phone service for two days, I would've come back and go, What happened. Oh, nothing. We back to where We were essentially big whoop, not do, not point for point, but pretty darn close. So all that to say, we, I do expect a fed rate the Fed to drop the rate probably in the next month or two. And it probably won't be as drastic as people are hoping it's been. Just inching, I would say a quarter point, maybe a half point, but probably a quarter point. I see the Fed probably going a couple of quarter point raises, excuse me, drops just to kind of ease back in because they dropped it too low before and now it's, That's it's a very delicate game they're playing. It is. And so I get you don't wanna mess with this too much, but what's interesting, Ken, is when it comes to real estate, people are going, well Ken, if the rate went from seven to six, it would allow me to buy a house.


Yeah. Let's go to, Jennifer has a question I think around this. Jennifer, how can we help? Hi Ken and George, thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? It sounds like you touched on my question a little bit because I was wondering how the election and mortgage rates correlate specifically. I mean, for an example, some of my friends and colleagues were looking to purchase a home and they're suggesting that I wait and to see who gets elected into office. But I'm wondering if it's actually worth waiting for or like you said that I would not. Are you ready to buy a home financially? Yes, we are. Then do it. I would too, because That's the only factor that matters. Yeah, I I don't think the election itself, here's the dirty little secret, Jennifer, who is in the White House matters to a lot of people emotionally, it doesn't matter as much as you think financially.


Your mayor, your city council, your county commissioner, your state politicians have way more impact on your actual household income and, and your expenses than the president of the United States does. I, I remember, I'm not gonna say which party 'cause I don't wanna offend anybody, but I remember as a young, I was in politics, George and I, remember, a party won and it was not my choice. And, and I was probably early twenties and I thought the apocalypse was coming. And then we had eight years of that person and my life actually got better during the eight years of a time of a person. and I was like, I'd never vote for that person. So that's happened to me a few times.


And so George is right. Get it now. Interest rates are, are starting to edge down a little bit anyway. You can always refi what do you and Dave say? Date the date, the by the house date. The rate. Yeah, marry the house date the rate. And that's, that's what you'll do. And if, if the payment, you know, the payment's not gonna be fun right now with the rate, but if you can afford it, you know, we talk about 25% of your take home pay going toward this. Yeah. Then don't wait on the sidelines. Don't wait for the market to change. Don't wait for someone to get elected because the economy is, is largely, you know, it's not connected to who's in the White House. It's more influenced by the Federal Reserve and what's happening in the economy. So keep your eye on the economy, not the election ads and that'll help you. Yeah. And let's also mention Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.


It's a fabulous website for you to go totally free to Jennifer, it's free. We've got all the Qs and all the A's that you could possibly imagine to help make you feel even more confident with the answer we just gave you. But yes, you should buy right now and just sit back in your new house, pop some popcorn and watch this election craziness. Know that you've got the right house for you. Good hour George. Thank you. This is The. Ramsey Show. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen.


And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play Store, or click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what calls coming up next. So finish today's episode in The Ramsey Network app today. This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win in your life, specifically winning with your money, winning in your work, and winning in your relationships. The phone number to jump in for your questions, Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the number. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel with me today and we like to have some fun while helping you out.


So let's get to it, shall we? Bobby is up next in Fort Worth, Texas. Bobby, how can we help? Hey Ken. George, thanks for taking the call, I appreciate it. You bet. So well the short and sweet version, I'm looking at accepting a job that pays $6,000 less per year. How much? $6,000 less. 6,000 less. Okay. Yeah, 6,000 less. Okay. To give you just a little bit of background on that, I've been with the company that I work for now for about six years and I've always loved the position that I was in and what I was doing. And recently I was moved to a new team and my job responsibilities and functions have completely shifted and changed.


So I was no longer doing what I was doing in the past. So, and I don't like it. It's not my passion, it's not my desire, it doesn't fire me up every day. So I started looking for other jobs or the last five months and I found one. It seems like they have great leadership and I just got really good, a really good feeling and vibe when I talked to everybody that I interviewed with. And so I got an offer and I tried to counter offer to get it closer to what I'm making currently, but the gap as it stands right now is $6,000. Okay. Is there, My question is, Is there an A why? What's that My question is, is that a wise decision?


It might be, might not be. I need to know more. So first thing I wanna know is, is it in the field that you want to be in or is it the type of role that you've now figured out this gives me the juice, I'm excited It is in a similar field but a completely different industry. Yeah, but that's why I'm asking. I'm saying is it in the field you want to be in or is it more of, is it in the type of role that you go, this is it as a role that I was wired to do? No, it's definitely a role that I was wired To do. Okay. That's the good news. Alright, so is there a path for growth over the next year? Two, three? Did they, did they project?


Yes, they said that there's a lot of growth and they'd also mentioned several times that they promote what from within for the managerial positions, which is what I'm gunning for. Okay. So how clear are you in, in, and I'd love to note the details. What does the growth look like? What do they tell you? And, and, and I wanna know financially what what is the growth is what I'm looking at here to kind of weigh in. Sure. So I did ask about annual raises to see what the percentages are and they say on average it's about 3% a year. Yeah. Which is more than what I get now actually. Oh wow. What is the actual number? What is the offer? The auto, the offer's for 83,000 And you can pay all of your bills with room to spare, with margin with that.


Oh yeah. I, the only debt I have is my mortgage. Okay. And my mortgage is like, Yeah, because 400 bucks, this is $500 a month gross. The offer they've, they've, they've, they've offered you is $500 less per month on a gross check. So after you take taxes outta that, Probably closer to 400 or 3 75, something like that. Yeah. So if you start amortizing that through your budget and which is what's George asking, so it sounds like you've got the margin. So again, glad you asked that, George. That's a, that's a key question, but I, I think if it puts me on the path to we, we didn't get the answer beyond the 3%. I'm talking about what are they, did they project what some promotions could look like? Do you see if you're on this rung of the ladder when you get in, what it could look like?


Do those loans Exist right now? I'm sorry, say that again? Do the roles exist that you're looking for those leadership roles? You're saying you want Yes, they actually told me during the interviews that they've recently promoted some of their team members to be supervisors and or managers. So what Would those positions pay? I am the pay, I'm not sure of, I didn't ask for the pay, but they would either be paying what I get paid now or more. But I did ask them about a timeframe they told me that they do not promote based on seniority. They promote based on your performance of your job. Yeah. And if you have the aspirations to become a supervisor or a manager or beyond, then they wanna be able to lead you down that road because they have a lot of great people within the organization, but they really just wanna stay at the level of a subject matter expert in their field and their job.


That's right. And not actually manage, you know, have any By The way or anything like That way Bobby, that's a really good sign that they're telling you that in the interview process because that tells me they're a company that's pretty healthy in how they promote leaders. They'll give people the opportunity, but if they don't want it, they don't force 'em into it. I like that, That's what we see happen is they go, you're really good at this Ken, you should lead people and go, I'm not don don't want to, that's Not what I wanna do. So I, you know what, this is green flags for me so far. Me too. I don't have any issue. I understand they're not gonna tell you exactly what you could make, but you know, if you had a general idea that Yeah, if I, if I do a good job, I'm gonna be making six figures over the next, you know, 2, 3, 4 years.


I don't think this is risky. And I'd say I'm fine with this 'cause it's such a small cut and you have margin in your life. Yeah. Do you have a family, Bobby? No, I'm, I'm single. Okay. That makes this easier. Oh yeah. I'd say take it And I, there's a ton of risk here. Yeah. The formula, Bobby, that we're walking you through is, does it make sense in the short term and does it make sense in the long term? That's the only time I'm for someone taking a pay cut. But the asterisk is you have to be able to absorb it. and I don't mean like by the penny. You, you're not just scraping by. But if you have margin and then we meet those other things, if we have margin to absorb it and it's actually putting us in a better position, short term and long term, it's a no-brainer.


Right. And also the, the other part of this equation is the, the peace of mind that I probably will have shifting to this job that is more in line with what I like to do versus what I'm doing now. Which, That's what I'm considering the short term I No drive for. Yep. Okay. That's why I'm saying that's a short term win for you mentally and emotional, Removing the frustration. Right. It's a win. It's the win. Yeah. So I like this move for you. I really do. Okay, awesome. Well I appreciate that. Yeah, Absolutely. That's one win. We have a win today. We have a Win. And highlight George, I'm, I'm highlighting that he can do this because he has no debt. Yeah. If he was in crippling debt and that 400 bucks made all the difference, we'd go, this might not work out.


Oh, we Tell it. Especially it's a single income. So we'd tell him not to. Actually, certainly my advice would be like, if you're in the middle of a snowball, no, we need every penny matters Now. If he was making a lot more Yeah. Go, okay, this is gonna help you pay off debt faster. So it's not a, you know, well Point out. It's a very good point. I don't know. I, I always wonder this, have we ever had a debt-free screamer who didn't make at least a little bit more over their debt-free journey? I've never seen it. It's almost always what Dave or one of us, we Started out at 80, went up to 120, we started at 60, went up to 85. Yeah. So winning with your money is always about increase. Not just are we cutting expenses, but are we increasing our income?


So we Talk a lot about spending less on the show, but the other side of margin is making more. Yeah. And that's where you've been able to help so many people. And By the way, you know, I know I'm not the money personality, but I'm the income guy. Let's go, let's take some of those calls today. It let's make some money because we make more money. We not Money the people out there, they'll be making some good money and we're here for it. There you go. Thank you for the clarification, George. Although if you're, if you're offering a pay increase, Ken, I'll gladly accept. Thank you. I'll talk to you about it during the commercial break. Don't move, we're right back with more of your calls. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey. Trusted Because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in mls ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


What is up? John Delony here and I've got a big update. Early bird pricing is ending this Sunday for our Valentine's Day money and Marriage Getaway hosted by me and Rachel Cruz. This is your chance to get away with your spouse for a weekend in Nashville to build a stronger, more intimate marriage. Tickets are selling so fast and this deal is only lasting a few more days. So don't wait to save a hundred dollars. While you still can get your tickets for $699 until Sunday at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is alongside the hour. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We're gonna take your money questions. I can help you figure out ways to make more money. Just met a dude in the lobby who was telling us his success story. He's crushing it so I can help there and George will help you save more of it and budget it correctly and all the things. And so we'll talk about those issues today. Triple 8 8 2 5 five two two five five.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by why refi. If private student loan debt is taking away your peace of mind and you can't see any way out. You need why refi? Why refi, refinances, defaulted private student loans at other places won't touch and gives you a low fixed rate loan built for you. So go to Y refi.com/ramsey today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ramsey may not be available in all states.


All right, can we get some questions from our YouTube audience? And here's a few that kind of are in the same bucket and they are all around this sort of election season politics, the economy investing, what do I do with my money? So here's a few and we'll kind of pull back the curtain on these. Should we dial back on investing during a weak economy to have more cash on hand? Speaking from a lower middle class perspective that does own a home and currently no debt except a car payment should be dial back investing. Yes, I would dial back investing but not because of economic reasons. It's because you have a car payment that's holding you back and you need to pay that off in case there's a weak economy I want you to owe. No nobody anything. So that's part of it.


But would I change my investing habits because of any economic factors? Absolutely not. I invest the same when the market's doing great, when the market's doing poorly. And you can call it dollar cost averaging, which is a simple way to say you invest the same amount every month no matter what's happening. Those are the people that win can, not the people who jump in and out. That's right as they feel the market's gonna do. Or it just did. And I'm gonna pull the money, I'll put it back in. Those people always lose in the end. Well, I Wanna call out, What happened this week. So we had a massive, massive shakeup in the stock market on Monday of this week. And then here we are, we're crawling back. In fact, I'll pull it up while we're talking. But had you got out after the thousand point, you know, loss, it was over a trillion dollars lost in one day.


Had you gotten out, you wouldn't be benefiting from, you Wouldn't have the recovery. That's right. And you would've got in too late. So that's part of it. And you can pull up the numbers. I'm gonna move on to this next question, which is related. Should I wait to invest more until after the election? Again, what we've seen, there's no history that shows us that if you invest the day after the election, it's gonna be a win and you shouldn't invest until then. Because we've hit many record highs, I think we're gonna see more record highs until the election. There's gonna be dips, it's gonna go up, it's gonna go down. And so when you just invest no matter what, you're gonna see your rate of return be higher than those who jumped in and out and jumped in and out or this roller coaster. By The way, quick update, the s and p as we sit right now has inched upward on Friday and it has almost reversed the weekly fall.


So the massive fall on Monday has almost been completely Reversed within the span of a week. Yeah. So just real evidence here. Oh my straight goodness. Straight out of the headlines. It's unbelievable. Unbelievable. Should I wait to invest more until after the election? No, just invest more now and just keep investing. Yeah. And so how much, when, how does this work? Well, if you're debt free with an emergency fund, invest 15% of your gross household income into retirement accounts. That's how that works. Once you've got the house paid off, you can invest as much as you'd like, increase it to 20, 30, 40, 50, 60% if you'd like. But again, Dave Ramsey doesn't change his investing habits during election years or during economic times.


We know that investing in good times and bad when it's bad, you're buying the stocks on sale, you're buying these mutual funds at a discount when it's doing well, while your money's growing for you with compound growth. So I'm happy either way. Last question here. Where should we be investing right now? Since the market has taken a downturn? The market, the general overall US economy, I believe in it still can. The s and p 500, which represents the 500 largest companies, that's where you're gonna be putting your money. And we have a split when we talk about mutual funds across four types. You wanna diversify them. There's growth, growth and income, aggressive growth and international. And that helps you sort of spread. You know, you don't want all your eggs in one basket.


And so when the US economy might not be doing well, those international funds will probably help balance it out. Aggressive growth, these are the wild children. You don't know what they're gonna do, but you want that balance with some of the growth and income, the old companies, the Home Depots that have been around forever, we know they're not gonna skyrocket, but they're gonna continue Yeah. To grow at a a solid rate. That's right. So that's how I do it. Those four types of mutual funds, that's in my 401k, they're in Dave's 401k. And so you can kind of see what funds that you have in your retirement accounts fall into those categories. And if you need help, reach out to a smart investor pro Ramsey Solutions dot com. They can help with that. Yeah, Good stuff there. Alright, to the phones we go. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. TJ is up next in Philadelphia.


tj, how can we help today? Hey Ken. Hey George. How you guys doing? Thanks for taking my Call. Well we're we're doing well. Happy to talk to you. What's up? Alright, so I'll keep this short. Thanks for reading my message. I've been laid off of my motion graphics role in the healthcare industry for almost a year now. Oh. Along with hundreds of thousands of others in the tech field. Now I'm aware that older strategies, like walking in person with a resume, applying on LinkedIn or even new strategies like using AI to update my resumes and and stuff like that, aren't the best solutions anymore. And it's best to network and have someone get you from in from the inside. Sure. So I'm doing everything I can to expand my, my, my network and I can refresh my skills and my career to continue the passion that I love.


So that being said, I'm trying my hardest to update my skills to land a new role. But even if I land something, there are still hundreds of thousands of other people like me who are stuck. So my question today is, does the presidential election, can that affect the job market at all? And who can I vote for to best impact the job market for job seekers, especially the tech field? Okay, so the first question is, yes, presidential elections and the candidates who represent a party and then ensuing policy platforms because both candidates, major party candidates, including your third party candidates, your Libertarian, you're Bobby Kennedy's, all presidential candidates have a platform.


and I don't think the average person actually goes on their website and and just reads through their their platform. I think that's probably a good start. But the answer is yes to the first question because these policies do in fact have consequences, good or bad. And when it, when you're talking about jobs, there is a difference in philosophy between the two major parties on what creates jobs. And you've gotta do your homework on that. I'm not gonna tell you how to vote, you didn't necessarily ask me to, but you got close and, and and I think what you have to look at is what do you believe TJ is fundamental policy that makes it better for the job economy.


Now I'll tell you what I think, okay. And I'm not talking about party and I'm not talking about candidate. I believe that lowering taxes for small business is a fundamental policy that will always have a positive effect on the job economy. Why? By the way, folks, I'm entering into territory, George, that I know is so fun when the show's so big, I'm enjoying this. So I'm gonna say this, I'm gonna say this to folks. If you don't disagree with me, I am. If you disagree with me, I'm okay with it. Actually, I'll never read any comments you say about me negative 'cause don don't get into the comments. George know. That's right.


I read them too, Ken. I don't, I don't listen to 'em. But what I want you to do is I want you to actually research what I'm saying 'cause this is not my opinion. So for instance, fact number one, small businesses as a percentage of jobs in the United States are the biggest block of employers. So if you were to look up pie chart of who creates the most jobs in America, small business. So I believe in lowering taxes, keeping taxes at as lower rate as possible for small business owners because they are the ones that are hiring people in the zip codes all around this majestic country.


That's one thing I would look at. So which candidate, which party platform supports that? That's just one example. I could keep going and going and going, but you have to look at and say, what do I think of these candidates around their economic policies on raising taxes, lowering regulations, things like that that make it harder for people to hire? And that's why you get laid off. So you do the work and vote your conscience. This is The. Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey good folks, it's Delony. And with Back to School Madness on Deck, my family's schedule is already so packed and we haven't even made room for things like exercise and date nights and counseling and all the other things that make our life even worth living. When it comes to taking care of me, I have to remember to put on my oxygen mask first. Meaning I have to do the things that help me stay well and whole. And you have to do the same thing too. Together we can show up and be strong in all of this chaos. So don't skip the things that matter to you, including therapy. And when it comes to therapy, call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, staffed with licensed therapist. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. Therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, set boundaries, and learn ways to find peace in the chaos. Be sure to put your oxygen mask on first and never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Hey guys, George Kamel here with some big news. The Ramsey $10,000 cash giveaway is here. Enter all month long to increase your chances of winning no gimmicks, just $10,000 cash. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway to enter every single day. Plus we've lined up some unbeatable deals for as low as 12 bucks. These bestsellers will teach you the most effective way to build wealth, make raising smart money kids easy, or help you live a more joyful, less anxious life. You don't wanna miss it. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell joins me. Thrilled, thrilled to have you with us watching listening wherever you're watching and however you are listening. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the number Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Shout out to a amazing group of people in the lobby today watching. And to remind you, you can come to our global headquarters. I like to say global, we only have one but it's global. It's our worldwide headquarters. Worldwide headquarters. We only have one. Only one in the world. That's right. And so you could come watch you got a great group of people out there today watching in the lobby. If you'd like to learn more about, come to watch the show Ramsey Solutions dot com. Alright, let's get to the phones. Alicia is now joining us in Orlando, Florida.


Alicia, how can we help? Hi, it's nice to talk to you guys. You too. What's up today? So question I, this might be a bit atypical, but I am 46, my husband is 64, gonna be 65 in January. So right now he's working part-time but on social security disability and he's approaching, you know, getting up into retirement almost, but also has incurable cancer. So that's why he's on the social security disability, which has come back. So, we are sort of in the, in the area, we're not really sure economically with things going on, you know, is it the right time at 65?


Like that's a few months away to pull from his retirement or and take full social security 'cause that's what the disability will turn into. Regular transition to regular social security. Mm. Or not really sure what to do as we're kind of navigating everything. I have four kids that, you know, getting ready for college. One of them is going this August and then, you know, two high schoolers getting ready to wanna college. So I have many years left to work, but what's his health? That's kind of our Situation. Yeah. I'm just curious, what's his health prognosis with, with the cancer? What, what, what do you know about life expectancy or what what, what's that situation? It's very aggressive.


We've been through stem cell transplant. We have been through a trial medications, 10 different lines of treatment. He was in remission, just got out of remission. So really uncertain right now. Yeah, very uncertain. I'm sorry, Alicia. That's, that's, that's really, really hard. Sorry. So it definitely takes a toll. Yeah. Give us a snapshot of how you guys are doing financially. So interestingly we we're not combined everything financially. He's obviously a lot older, has two much older children from a previous marriage. We've been together for 15 years. But the stuff we do sort of have birth.


So I found you guys in 2020 uncertain times and I'm like pay off all the debt. Got rid of all my student loan, I own my house. So you have no debt? I debt free debt. I have no debt. No, he I think has one or two credit cards he's unwilling to let go of but he pays them off every month. So I don't really hop on him on that 'cause he's not all on board. But myself I think I'm pretty like no debt ever and I'm teaching my kids that for sure. Okay. What's your Income? So I'm at 101,000 and then through his social security and his, his private practice, he's probably about like 110 give or take some years he didn't work at all 'cause he was in treatment.


What's his, what's his practice started Treatment again, he's a psychiatrist. No Kidding. And he is doing that part-time. Yeah, he is just doing that part-time. And he's still making a hundred thousand, 110 doing all of this. Well that's with his social security. Okay. So Okay. With his disability. So yeah, What would be, But he's starting to wind down a bit. Yeah because he is, you know, his health is getting worse. What's in his nest egg? Because you're saying should we pull from his retirement? Is it a bad time? What's in there and how much are you gonna pull out? So at 65, I think he, if he has to close his practice, I think, well we could probably just live off his regular social security payments, but he's got about 2 million that is just all in retirement though.


And that's separate from mine. We kind of keep that stuff separate. 'cause that's How, how much do you have in retirement? I have a Roth, which I just started like after I got out of debt two years ago with 13,000 and 175,000 of my 401k and a stupid 11,000 I guess whole life insurance policy. My mom just gave to me last year. She had it since I was a kid and it was don don't know paying on it every year until it was like here. Okay. It's all paid like basically itself, you know. Well the good news is you guys are, you're multi-millionaires. What's your house worth?


We're 550. Wonderful. So we're probably approaching a $3 million net worth. And here's the thing, you don't need to pull from the retirement account. So why are you saying should we pull from it when you guys are, you Said you could live off of social Security plus you're still working. I am still working and I'll be working for a while. I just, I think for me it's just, I get worried like putting my kids like don don't know. I, I hate to say this but you know, education. Have You saved for college at all? I haven't know. I just got paid off my college honestly in 2020. Could You guys cash flow it over the next few years? Yeah, I am cash flowing. I did cash flow. My daughter, I keep hearing something. I think I know what's going on.


I could be wrong. Alicia Uhoh. It sounds like this. I don don't know. Sounds like you guys are separate finances. You're, you're, you're living married but you have separate finances. He's fine. That guy's, he's he's fine but I don't know where the weed comes in. Is he helping you with the kids? Your kids aren't his kids? Unless he's the state office. They're No, but he does. So is he gonna help with their college? Yeah, he does help with the college. He helps with like the everyday expenses. But you in a Catholic school. Okay. But with your income and let's say his health, you know, situation, he's gonna be going on social Security. Right. and I don't wanna take help from him then, right? Yeah. So George, there's the, I kept hearing that.


I think you guys need to sit down and lay it all out maybe for the first time. I agree. Go, here's all of our numbers. Here's what it's gonna take for these folks to go to college. Here's what we're gonna do in our budget. Yeah. We make 210,000. What are we doing with it every single month? And are we gonna be able to cash flow this? Yeah. And if that means you guys slow down on some investing goals right now, that's, you gotta pay for a house. Your expenses can't be that high. Do you know what your, your monthly expenses are to run the house? Yeah, it's really low. It's like 2000. I do, I have the EveryDollar, I do the EveryDollar premium. I love it. I got it for my son. Does he have a will? Yeah, we just, we just redid and finalized that together now for the first time because we had two separate wills.


Right? We had two separate everything. So God forbid, God forbid. So God forbid he doesn't recover from this and this thing we just don't know. But let's, we gotta be real here today. And is your life insurance in place for either of you? Other than this little, whole life policy? Yeah. Yeah. He's got a life insurance, although he's got 2 1 1 I think is in a, in a unre revocable trust older for his kids. I don't know that. Oh okay. That he can't change. 'cause that's something like he not, Well it feels like to me it feels like to me, Alicia and George, I want you to weigh in on this. It feels like the, the only tension that you've got is around the funding of your four kids who are in a season of life. He's already been there, done that and Right. Your finances are fine And you could pull from retirement if you needed to without penalty from his, that's what age.


So if you need to cover the gap for college 'cause you wanted to bless these kids, it's, you're still gonna be able to retire with dignity. Yeah. And if he's willing to do that, there's more than enough in his retirement accounts to cashflow your kids' college. And if you got a will and you're the and you're the, you're gonna inherit it. I just sense that's where all your worry is, is how do I fund my, my kids' college and I Get that. 'cause you don't wanna go into debt and you've done the hard work to get debt free yourself, but as his, as his wife and you're, you're fine. Both of you guys are fine from a, from a retirement standpoint. More so. More than, yeah, more Than fine. And that, and if it's invested wisely, that 2,000,007 years from now will likely turn into 4 million. And so think about that. You're now 53, it's 4 million at 60, it's gonna be 8 million.


And so it, that tells me if you guys aren't gonna, you know, deplete this, which it doesn't sound like you need to, 'cause you're gonna continue to work for the next probably 15, 20 years that you guys are gonna be just fine. But you need a plan in the meantime. So Circling back real quick for you George on her behalf, would you recommend that he start to pull his social security at 65? Knowing what you know now, If you need it, if he doesn't need it and it doesn't sound like he absolutely needs it right now with the income you guys have, you Know, coming in. No. If he stops working and he's slowing down, should he take the social Security? Yeah, I would take it. And if you don't need it, invest it. Yeah. But still take the payment. That's a and especially if he's not working, that's when you want to do it. 'cause you're not gonna get dinged with penalty. Yeah. Alright, good. Alicia, you're okay. And you got the answer that you're looking for there.


So, And wishing him the best. Would your health Wish you absolutely the best? What a tough journey. Hang in there. You seem like a, a really strong lady and we're sorry for what you and your husband are going through. Alright, don't move folks. More of your calls coming up. This is The Ramsey Show.


It's way too easy to put off making a will. And believe me, I've heard every excuse in the book, but not having the time is one excuse we can kick to the curb right now because these days most folks can make a legally binding will on their laptop between loads of laundry. If you're wondering if you can make your will online or if you need a lawyer, we have a quiz to help you figure that out in less than five minutes, just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash wills quiz Ramsey Solutions dot com slash wills quiz.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Thrilled to have you. George Ram George George Campbell. Yes. George Ramsey is with me today. Is there more American name? I'm George Ramsey. Oh man. That mine as a well changed money. That's funny how the mind can just betray you at times. Oh Boy. Fun question for you George Ramsey hit me. This is from our overall Ramsey community, right? We've got people all over the place at different platforms and we get great questions. We love when you send them in. So this one came in. What actions can everyday people take in local politics or voting in elections to affect positive change with respect to personal finance, for example, anything to look for in county treasurers or local officials or ballot initiatives where our votes and voices might carry more sway.


Ooh. Well I gotta tell you, this is a question This gives Ken the Jews, this gets Fired up. I get a little excited. The truthfully, if you want to affect politics, local is best. The more local you get, the more impact you can Have. Well, the answer to the question is absolutely that Tip O'Neill legendary speaker of the house who was a political rival of Ronald Reagan famously said, all politics are local. So I will quote him. And he's absolutely right. And what he's talking about is that ultimately that's where things move. The needle moves. And so to this question, everyday people need to be holding their local representatives. Everything from yes, your county treasurer, county commissioners, your mayors, you know, the people that are running for elected office and even those who aren't elected.


But if there are public forums and you are looking at your county budget, I mean, if George cared, I could see him like pulling up the Williamson County budget and diving in And I might do that this weekend. I think you probably should, you probably find some things and, and, and so you in fact can move the needle there. And it's a lot easier to mobilize people. It's a lot easier to vote someone in and out on a local level. 'cause you're talking about small amount of votes. And so what action can everyday people take? It's to vote and voice what you believe is right. That simple voice. Is it in your public forums showing up at county commissioner meetings where you have open forums and you can speak and, and then the, the, the idea of organizing rallies and things of that nature.


I mean these are all things that do move the needle on a local level. So yeah, pay attention if you feel like decisions are being made that affect your local taxes. People don't pay a lot of attention to sometimes their Oh yeah, their, the services. Everything from your water to, you know, there's a lot of things that the average person doesn't pay attention to that are decided upon right there in their zip code. Yeah. You know, things that affect their everyday budgets like trash services, water and utilities. You get real local. I remember that we had a, you know, some in our neighborhood, Ken, there was some issues and we started going, all right, we're gonna vote for a new alderman. And that became the thing of the alderman. That's who's gonna help us. A lot of accomplish this.


A lot of effect on, on some of the household costs and the, and the cost of living. You know, when you hear that phrase, cost of living, you know like, well I'm moving from this place to this place. The cost of living is a lot lower. Well again, that is driven by a lot of your local policies and local politicians. And then the next level up is your state house representatives or state senators And you can find all the contact information online. Oh yeah. And they're pretty easily accessible. They'll probably respond to you. And so it's worth being the squeaky wheel if you wanna see some change. So three things. Be informed, voice your beliefs and feelings and make sure you're voting. Those are the three things you can do. Saratoga Springs, New York is where Christie joins us. Christie, how can we help?


Hi, how's it going? Thanks for taking my call. You Bet. We're having a blast. What's going on? Yeah, it sounds like it. So I have a couple questions basically. So I've read the book, I feel like I am debt free right now, but I have this solar panel debt that I'm just, for one, I just wanna know, can I just lump that into like, oh it's part of your mortgage now or is that still just It's a debt. It's a debt. I hate to turn your feelings down. I wanna tell you that you're, I feel it. I wish your debt freedom was just a feeling. That would be wonderful. But yeah, Christy, this is a debt. Let's get it aggressively paid off what's left on the solar debt. Okay.


Okay. So I have about $45,000 left on it. It requires a 13,000, about $14,000 payment on April 13th. And then after that it'll have about $32,000 left on it. Are you gonna have the money, is this like a lump sum payment you need to make? No, that's over 300 months after April 13th. Okay. All right. So how aggressively can you attack it? So I can, I can. So that's the question. So I have this inheritance that I got, not me, but my husband, he got about a hundred thousand dollars from his grandparents.


We've already put 50,000 of that towards our kids for their 5 29 and we paid off my husband's student loan debt. So I have, and then we've just paid off like onesie two things. So I have about $30,000 left of that. Okay. And then I have 15,000 in an investment account That's non retirement. So how the money, well retirement I have separate, I have, let's see, So this is simple. It looks like, so you're saying should you cash out the investments and should you take the 30 that's left from the inheritance and go ahead and just pay off the solar debt?


Yeah, that's my question. But like my husband is about, you know, the answer concern about it because, well we have, we're gonna be moving in a, in less than a year. And Guess who doesn't care? The solar panel company doesn't care. You still have to pay them. That's true. And so regardless of what, when you're moving and if and if it doesn't happen, the debt goes with you and so you need to just go ahead and pay it off. And it stinks because solar is a long-term thing. You're not gonna see an increase of $50,000 when you sell the house with whatever the solar costs. Right. And so you didn't ROI on this and it's one of the, you know, the downsides of jumping into something like this, especially with debt. But I would pay it off and pay it off today. Okay. You'll, you might have capital gains on the investment when you sell those off.


So be aware of what you're gonna owe in taxes there. Okay. But I would just have a clean slate and then build your, so Then I kinda lose any kinda liquid money I have for like closing costs. For moving. Yes. Well How soon are you moving This time? Next year. So you have a year to save up closing costs. Okay. So and guess what? You have freed up that payment you were making to the solar company, right? The solar loan. Yeah. So you're gonna be just fine. What's your household income Instead? It's, we, we bring in 11,000 a month And you can't save up for closing costs.


No, we can't Making 11,000 a month. Okay. I'm just, I'm playing with you to get behind Just like do I write the money towards like investment or do I put it towards the closing costs or do I just kinda pay off that debt first, Then pay off the debt and then build an emergency fund? 'cause you guys don't have one right now. Three to Six months of expenses. Right? And then you'll still have time to save up closing costs. Okay. You have a year of just being on a budget, living on lesson. You make taking control of that 11,000 you guys have coming in. So you're gonna be just fine. But I would choose freedom. You've already used the inheritance to pay off other debt. I see this debt no differently. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I mostly just wanted to know if it's like, can I count it as paying off a mortgage?


But yeah, I, I agree with a 6% interest rate, it's kind of scaring me a little bit. So yeah, Regardless of interest To pack it and get rid of it, I'd get rid of it. And it's not part of the mortgage and So, we we're not gonna lump it with baby step six. Yeah. By the way you're not even another little fun reason to pay it off. You're not really realizing all of that until you've paid it off all the savings that these people think they're getting from solar panels. It takes a Long time to break even. It Takes a long time to break even. So go again. Get it out of your life. It really does. Yeah. Yeah. Swig a Pepto-Bismol and then pay it off. It'll be be fine. Yeah. It's not fun.


Alright, for all of you who are listening to The, Ramsey, Show on YouTube, watching on YouTube rather and listening on podcast show is about to end. But we got some more calls coming up in The. Ramsey Network mobile app. The Ramsey Network app is the only place to finish full episodes of The, Ramsey, Show, some exclusivity over there and those of you that are listening on radio doesn't affect you at all. Stay right there. More of it coming up. And for those of you that wanna jump on over to the app, you need to two ways to get it. Click on the link in the show notes and you can search Ramsey Network in the app store or Google Play. Don't miss what's coming up next. George thinks he's gonna be really great on a, a couple of calls coming calls that are lined up. He's already feeling a little frisky so you don't wanna miss that. Only place to get it. The Ramsey Network app. Go finish it right now on the app. See ya. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app, right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.