
Hey guys, it's James Charles, producer of The Ramsey Show. Hey, this week Dave and the personalities are living it up on the RAMSEY Cruise. So we've put together a compilation of some of our favorite calls and segments from the last year. Regular shows are back next week. Hope you enjoy Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions.


It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, number one bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose, host of the Ken Coleman show. RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Clayton is in Little Rock, Arkansas. Hey, Clayton, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, sir, how are you guys? Better Than we deserve, brother. What's up? Awesome, man. Well, you know, first of all, I just want to say it really is an honor to speak to you guys. I'm a huge fan of the show. I've watched countless YouTube clips, et cetera, and I think you guys are out there changing lives.


I wanna start off with that. Well, thank you sir. How can we help you today? Sure, Absolutely. Well, you know, I, I'll kind of start from a broad overview and I'll kind of break it down if that's okay with you. Just, you know, my, my broad overview question, Dave, is really just how not to get discouraged in the wealth building process. I'll give you some background information. I'm 27 years old, my wife is 30. We have a combined net worth of around probably 200,000 or so. Wow. Yeah, it's right there. My number. Thank you. And I make about 58,000, 60,000 on my primary job.


And I do a side hustle and, but total, I make around 80 to 90 kind of depending on the year. And my wife makes around 72. The only thing that we owe on is our home. We both have MBA degrees, we have no consumer debt, no car loans, anything like that. My home is currently worth probably around 300,000, and I owe about 1 95. We, we, we have two kids and overall life is good. You know, we we're, we're still in the process of trying to button everything up. We're investing 10% right now. I know I need to get that number to 15 my home's on a 15 year note.


We're trying to get our kids college, you know, all that situated. So there's nothing really on fire per se. But in general, I really do believe what you guys teach, and I believe, you know, we, we, we give 10% of our income to the church. I mean, I'm a really big believer in living within your means. Not saying we're perfect by any means. You've done a great job, Clayton. I mean, your numbers are amazing for your age way to go. You make 160,000 a year, you have no debt except your house. Everything's on track. You're killing it. Right, right. Well, man, you know, IIII, I really do believe it and I, I appreciate it, but at the same time, like I, I think long term, right? Like I'm that Yeah, But if you done the math, Huh?


Have you done the math? Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. That, I mean, if you save save 15% of $160,000, that's gonna be a million dollars in 10 years, dude. Right, right. And that's with no match. Have you got a match? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Do the math. Right, right. Well, you know, man, it just, Did you do the math? Math? No. Yes sir. I did. Yes. Okay. Then did you see 10 years, you're gonna be a millionaire at 20, at 37 years old? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. So why was that discouraging? You know, I don't know, man. I just, like, I look at life, right. And I know comparison to the peace of joy and I don't, you know, I try not to go there in my head, but Comparison to what?


So I just Give Some, if anything you compare to, you should be ahead of Right, right, right. Well, you know, it just, I I it is okay if I give you some background, some more background information. Is that okay? Yeah. I'm trying to understand. It's okay. I'm trying to understand why you're discouraged. There's no reason to be, I'm, I'm really confused with that. Yeah. Because dude, you're in the top 2% of America. You're killing it. Just, I, I just think like, long term, Dave, I think when I just see how everything is so expensive and even when I pay off my home and I have all my retirement accounts, et cetera, I just, you know, like I'm trying to really set my family up. So like in 10 years, my daughter will be 13, right.


And I'm trying to almost get ahead of the game where I can make sure we can go on big vacations, you know, take care of her college. And I realize, okay, I'll be a millionaire. But I just, it feels like everything's so expensive and it's such a long process. And I realize that, you know, wealth isn't obtained easy. I'm not trying to say that, but it just, It is, it is a long process. 10, 10 years is a lot longer than 10 minutes. And most people, most people have the attention span of a gnat. That's why they're not able to build wealth. I, I've been, I've been listening, Clayton and I I've been where you are. I, I actually, I, I hear me 10 years ago on this phone call.


So I, I just wanna say this, your issue is not comparison. Your issue is fear. And you're afraid you're not gonna be able to do the things that you would like to do because you're too stuck in the headlines. And what you're not focusing on is, as Dave has pointed out, you're crushing it. Number one, you're really ahead of the game. This is all gonna compound for you, and you're gonna be fine. You're gonna take some great vacations. But what you're not focused on is, is what you can actually do. You're, you're focused on all these outside circumstances, the economy, inflation, whatever else is going on your head, Head. You, you do need to quit watching the news. Yeah. You need to start focusing on your income and what, what you're gonna make next year and the year after that. And how you're gonna be able to make more money and that you can go out and determine your financial future.


You're already great, but you're, you're forgetting and all this headline stuff and all this fear and comparison, here's what you're forgetting. Your ability, your wife's ability to put a financial plan that includes increasing income and you're gonna be able to pay for all those things. Yeah. Your income's not gonna be stagnant for the next 10 years. Absolutely. I, I don't if that helps you, Clayton. You gotta shake all that stuff off. You're inside your head so Deep and, and or here, the thing, the secret to happiness is low expectations. And I'm a little bit afraid. You thought when you made $160,000, you were gonna be rich. That's a very good point. And you're not rich at $160,000 with two kids.


There's no, it's, it's no cake. You thought it was gonna be on easy street, like everything's gonna, like, you're gonna be flying in a private jet or something and you know, it's 160 grand. You're not. So you got a lot more, you got double the hou household income of the average American. You're in the top one or 2% of the average Americans your age with where you are with no debt and already having a HA positive net worth of a couple hundred thousand dollars. You are killing it. And you actually are paying attention, which puts you way above almost everyone who walk around with their heads stuck in the fog. And Yeah, that was Kind that, I thought that was very, I did that. I thought you did that for radio. Did you hear that? Yeah. And yeah, I mean, that, that's, you're incredible.


Exactly Right. You're doing great. You're doing great. Calm down. Enjoy the ride, buddy. You, you really, I can't, I can't tell you enough to do this over and over and over again. Enjoy the ride. I, I wanna say one other quick encouragement. 'cause Dave, I think you're absolutely right. I just want to echo what Dave said we have with all young generations and throughout history, but even more so now, 'cause we're in the social media era. God help Us. I know. Unrealistic expectations lead to unmet expectations. I, I can't say that enough. I wish I could preach that message to every young person. Well, because here's the deal, you nailed it. They think when they get to six figures that I thought you were talking About easy. My golf game and your golf game. Oh yeah. Unrealistic expectations.


Mine Are unrealistic. Unmet expectations. That's it. No, I just, my golf game is in the last category, just unmet period. It doesn't matter how, That's what it is. T's the thing when you make a hundred thousand a year, you thought it was gonna be easy. And when you make a million dollars a year, you thought it was gonna be easy. It don't get easy. It just gets better than if you don't pay attention. That's all it does. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family Term life insurance. Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. This is The Ramsey Show. Thank you for being with us America Tanner's with us in Washington. DC Hi Tanner. How are you? I'm good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So my question is, I'm curious about the flexibility of spending more than 30% of your take home pay on rent. Found that pretty difficult to do, especially in like an urban area like DC I live in downtown. I make around 90,000 a year post grad, 23-year-old. I've got about 20,000 in cash and 7,000 in an investment account.


And finally, mainly debt is around seven, seven and half thousand in student loans. And I spent about $2,000 a month in rent, which is my biggest expense expense by far. But I still find myself able to save and spend less on other things. I'm just curious your take on, on that approach. Okay, Well, we tell folks to put 25% of their take home pay aside for housing. And no math works in every city and in every state. You don't get a pass on math because you're in Washington DC even though Congress thinks you do. Yeah, I was getting ready to say a lot of, lot of people think they Do. Yeah. A lot of people in DC think you do, but you don't. And the, the purpose behind it is not that 25% is magic tanner.


The the purpose behind it is don't be house poor. If you find yourself able to save and able to invest because you keep all other parts of your lifestyle so low, then, then you're okay. But if you're, but what happens to most people is when they've got a high cost of housing in their budget, it squeezes their budget. And there's not room to save up to buy the next car. So the next car becomes debt and there's not room to save up for Christmas. And Christmas becomes debt and there's not room to save up for a couch and the couch becomes debt. And because it's all going out in house payment. And so, in effect, what you did is you, you, you, you didn't, you know, by, by squeezing yourself, you did that.


Now you're telling me you've made room in your budget and you're doing okay then, you know, if whatever you want to do, brother, but here's the thing, whatever you spend on rent is gone. I mean, you're just setting fire to a hundred dollars bills in the middle of the floor. And so the more a hundred dollars bills you burn in the middle of the floor, the fewer mon less money you got, man. I mean, it's a pretty simple equation. Yeah, yeah. Definitely. Definitely reduces the ability to buy down the road for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, 'cause you're giving it to them in rent and so I don't know how you fix that exactly. Necessarily in your situation. Maybe your commute is longer, maybe there's a roommate involved or, or maybe you just say, I'm gonna, it's gonna cost me this and it's my choice and I'm an adult.


Well, yeah, you're allowed to do all that. But our reason is to give you, giving you the 25% guideline. It's not a rule, it's a guideline is so that you don't become house poor. Because if you're, for instance, going to get a mortgage folks in America, the stupid mortgage company will approve you for almost double that. I mean, they'll approve you close to 50% of your take home, pay 36% of your ratio. You know? And so, and that's not based on take home pay the 36 that you can get a house payment up close to half of your dad gum, take home pay. And there's just no way that budget works. People, and well, I'm in California. Well, California, they gotta do math too, even though your governor doesn't think so.


You gotta do math. You know, it's not a, it's not an option. Math is math and it's not, it's not a a, a moral construct. It's a, it's a math thing. Well, to Win Tanner in professional world, financial world, you've gotta sacrifice everybody who wins has to sacrifice something. And what we've done here with this 25%, you are now having to choose, do you wanna sacrifice money, as Dave said by, by burning those extra a hundred dollars between the 5% that we're talking about? Or do you wanna sacrifice a little bit of your time? Now you're living downtown DC that's premium. And I get it, you may work on the hill, who knows what you do, but you're there for a reason. But if you move out into the suburbs of Northern Virginia, I know it well.


Yes. It's a, it's a headache. But we'd rather you sacrifice the right thing. And that's why we put this, I want people to understand what we're teaching here. It's not to be hard and fast on a rule. It's to help you learn what you need to sacrifice. And in my situation, if I were in your situation, Tanner, I would be sacrificing my time, not my money. Yeah. 23 years old. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I will tell you this, Ken, I did it worse than he's doing it. Sure. Worse. Yeah. He's in good shape. My wife and I get outta college and here's how stupid we were. We go and rent eight. We, we have two dogs. We're just outta college. Yeah. We got two little jobs.


We go and rent a three bedroom townhouse Sure. Luxury right thing. Sure. That's like five times what we needed because we thought it was cool. Do You remember what were in the extra rooms? Nothing. Sure. 'cause by the time we finished paying the freaking rent, we had no money. Yeah. Yeah. So what we ended up doing was moving into a little one bedroom apartment in a questionable, I don't know what those ladies down the hall were doing in a questionable situation. And You were hoping you weren't on a ice episode, Dude, man. I'm telling you. And we lived there for a year, but it was one third.


Yeah. The rent that we were paying before one third. And so that'd be like, you, you had an $1,800 rent and we moved down to a $600 rent. Right. You know, kind of thing today, in today's dollars. It was a lot less than that in the back when the dinosaurs roamed the earth. But yeah. But oh my gosh. Wow. Well see, I hear that. I did the exact same crap. Okay. No, I get it. But, but To your point, I, I wanted something nice and I had a job. Yeah. And I'd gotten outta college and I'm, I deserved it. Yeah. But I was stupid. There's A lot of 23 year olds that are in a very similar situation to Tanner. Now, just think about this. If he gets a roommate and now he's saving, let's just call it a thousand dollars a month. Okay. Splitting the rent. He's paying off that student loan debt of $7,000 really, really fast.


And now he's just stacking money. Yeah. So that's what we're talking Stacking cash. Stacking cash. Man. So much smarter than renting. Ah. Paying all that money in Rent Tyler's in Louisville High. Tyler, what's up? Yes. I had a quick question. First of all. You guys are awesome. Thank you. So I have a, I'm on baby step two and been doing ish for a while. At the beginning of the year, I got smart and said, you're stupid. Get outta debt with the student loans coming back up. 'cause I've been basically taking that payment, putting it towards everything else. Mine is consolidated or I believe it is at least because do I look at the individual loan amounts or do I just look at the consolidated amount where I put it at?


If it's consolidated, it's now one amount. Okay. It used To be little loans. If it is one loan, I mean if it's, if it's a bunch of little, are you paying, will you be paying a bunch of little payments or one payment? No, I pay one payment and when I look at it, I see all the individual ones I took out. Yeah. But you, that doesn't matter. But it, it's, the purpose of the debt snowball is you want to, what, what you wanna have happen in the debt snowball is you want to clear a debt and that payment on that debt to go away. When you clear one of these little debts, it doesn't change your payment. All Right. That's what I was thinking. I wasn't sure. Yeah. So I would just put the total in your debt snowball.


Awesome. That works. Hey man, that makes it really easy. Thank you sir. Get after it. That's really smart because you know, the data is now coming out now that we're actually finding that, that you're gonna have to pay your student loans, which we've kind of been telling you for three freaking years. But now that we found out that we were right again. Yes. I just said, I told you so live with it. But now that we found out you have to pay your student loans, there's gonna be a lot of questions about student loans. And we're, one of the things we're finding, Jade and I were talking about this earlier, is that people basically took the money that they would've been paying on student loans and spent it. Yes they did. On vaca vacations, alcohol, drugs.


This is, this is the actual surveys are coming back. I went on a party. Nice. Yeah. With the money that the taxpayers told me I didn't have to pay right now because you were in a covid crisis. Anybody remember what Covid was? Yeah, it was there. It was just a minute ago. But it was a crisis if y'all didn't remember. And it was such a crisis that nobody could pay their student loans, but they were able to use the money that they would've been paying on their student loans and go buy drugs and alcohol and vacations. So apparently it wasn't too big a freaking crisis. What do I know? Just going with the data here? Yes. What happens when you trust a politician with an empty promise that's not Constitutional well or someone from the medical community that's trying to do math?


Well, there's that too, Which is proof that we've proven that. You know, once America got fauci, we figured out what happened. This is The Ramsey Show. Hmm.


Hey guys, I'm Jade Warshaw and I wanna talk to you for a quick second about student loan refinancing. If your payment and your interest rate are burying you and you feel like you can't dig out refinancing your student loan debt might make sense. That's because a lower rate could free up more money in your budget. And a shorter term could help you pay down your debt faster. So reach out to the student loan refinancing experts today@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY. There you'll find helpful resources like a student loan rate table, a refinancing calculator, and other tools. Plus you can get an initial rate in just a few minutes. Laurel Road offers low competitive rates starting under 5%, and you can get your interest rate even lower if you sign up for auto pay. But if your situation is more complex, sign up for a free 30 minute consultation with one of their student loan refinancing experts to get your tough questions answered. Listen, not everybody should refinance their student loan, so make sure you run the numbers. But for some people it is the right move. Learn more@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY to find out more about their student loan refinancing. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


Ken Coleman RAMSEY. Personality number one bestselling author of the book From Paycheck to Purpose is my cohost today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Thank you for joining us America in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. Jared and Christina are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Hey. Good. Doing well. Thank you. How are you? Welcome. Where do you guys live? Woodstock, Georgia. About 40 miles north of Atlanta. Yeah. No, it well. Well welcome to Nashville. Not a bad drive up here. Not bad. Good to have you. So how much debt have you two paid off? 136,000. All Right. And how long did this take you? Seven years to the day that we bought the house. Oh, Okay.


And what was your range of income during that seven years? We started about 60 and ended about 1 45. Cool. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a mechanic for the post office And I'm a cons payable manager at Kennesaw State University. Awesome. Yeah. All Right. So you got a little bit of a commute down there? Actually, it's only nine, nine miles from me. Oh, Okay. All Right. Not bad. All Right. I missed, I messed up. All Right. So a hundred thirty six seven years. Sound like you paid off your house. Yes. All Right. Look at it. Weird people. Yep. Way to go you guys. What's this house worth? 3 45 now. I'm sorry, 3 45. 3 45. Awesome. Very cool.


So how much do you guys have in your retirement savings already? I think we're at about a hundred thousand. We took, you know, last year was a little bit of a hit on everybody's, but Yeah. Okay. So you're, you're gonna be about a half million dollar net worth already. So you're on your way to be a millionaires in no time. Way cow. That's fun. I just said that out loud. Did you hear that? Wow. That's pretty stinking cool guys. So what starts you on this journey seven years ago? So I actually started, when we first got married 15 years ago. We just celebrated our 15th year anniversary. Congratulations. And so our first year, you know, I'm actually not originally from here, So we knew each other in person from before. And then when I moved here, it was really the first time we did anything together.


And we got married in July of 2008 and it was, you know, great year, the year, great year to get married. So we pretty quickly figured out that, you know, our finances are, will need some improvement pretty quickly. We had a little bit of debt. I grew up living pretty frugally and So we had some arguments and by the end of that year we knew we, we sold the car that he had some debt on. And then when I got a job we actually paid all of our debt. Wow. Our biggest issue was the underwater mortgage in the, for the town home that was purchased in 2007.


Hmm. So, you know, we were kind of bopping along for a couple years. We, then we had kids and I ended up staying at home. It was pretty tight and we were still kind of trying to figure out where are we, what are we going to do about the house. Eventually this has still not come up to the value that it was. And at some point we got an email from our church, we go to Woodstock City Church introducing financial piece of university. And in there I was like, ah, you know, I'm pretty frugal. I keep my budget, you know, after the fact, the kind of track of what was spent. But it said it will show you how you can buy and sell a house. So I'm like, you know, why don't we take this class?


So when we went and took the class, I was like, you know, where have y'all been before? So we did quite a few things, followed quite a few things. One of them was we immediately refied that house to at 15 so that we could start paying down the, the what we owed on it. And From the 7% interest rate Yes. That had been paying on it. Yes. Since I bought it. Essentially our payment stayed the same, but you know, more was going to towards, yeah, she went down to what, A three? It was up for round, round four at the time. In 20, it was 2013. Yeah. And so, yes, 2013 I contacted one of LPs, we loved her Lindsay ha a shout to her.


She came out 'cause we knew we couldn't sell the house right away. So she showed us what to do. You know, it was just, you know, she didn't charge anything for that. So we started, over the next couple of years we started doing some upgrades to the house. Like we painted. We redid the, not redid the deck, but we cleaned up the deck and all the, some other stuff. And so when the time came in 2016, we were still kind of figuring out where, whether we're staying in the area or whatnot. And then our HOA was kind of going down the hill. We decided it was time to put it up for sale again. Lindsay helped us through that process. She was a great selling and buying agent. There was several offers on the house that we were looking at to buy. And we had had enough equity out, gotten out enough equity out of the house and we had had some savings or rather from a sale of an apartment that I had back home.


I'm not originally from the US and it was about 20 K. So we were able to put 20% down like you teach. Wow. Yes. And See not only got out of the bad townhome, bad HOA, that had been upside down, but you were able to put 20% down on the New Deal. On the new deal. It's way to go. Yes. So, and then seven years later you paid it off. Exactly. And now it's worth 3 45. Yes. You gotta feel like a genius. We bought two cars cash during this time while we were paying this house off. Yeah. Wow. Another shout out I wanted to do to Rachel. I remember her talking about how, you know, if you wanna, 'cause I wanted to get a change in the career and so I went and took classes at, at a smaller college, you know, not a four year college. 'cause that we could cash flow at the time.


And then now that I work at KSU, I went ahead and finished my bachelor degree debt with, you know, they pay for It. Yeah. They pay for it. Right. And I'm working on my master's. So quite a few accomplishments along, along the way. So how does it feel? I want people who are maybe new to this program going, they paid their house off. That was the debt. What does it feel like to not have a house payment now and then as you look toward the future, It's sinking in. It's still not really hit us, but there were several people I worked with that were like, oh, you need to not worry about that. You need to buy this and buy this and go have fun. And you can worry about that later. You've got time before retirement. And now I've had several guys come up to me, shake my hand like, we're proud of you.


Good job. Yeah, That's cool. They kind of see it can be done now. Yeah. So, yeah. And Christina, you really, I mean, you upped your game on your whole career. That's a nice move. It's A very nice move. So what was the increase in your pay? 'cause we looked at the total, you guys went from 60 to 1 45. How much did you increase? So that was incremental. I started this full-time job in 2018. I was looking at, you know, numbers and we actually averaged about 1 0 8. My latest promotion was in January to the manager position. That was senior accountant. So how big of a bump was that for you? 14. Yeah. And, but you know, the previous year I went to senior accountant, which that was about 15. Don't miss Fine. She goes and gets the goes and gets the education that is, that she can afford in her budget.


That's right. And then goes to work for a college and they give her free to finish her bachelor's. Exactly. So there, there's, there's a path here. That's right. Called Common Freaking Sense. Way to go. I'm so proud of you. Heroes. Thank you. Excellent job. What do you tell people, the key to getting outta debt is Stick together. Talk it through, be in agreement. You won't always see eye to eye on everything, but work through it. Yeah. Make sure you make sure to get to that point. Yeah. Every morning, you know, I am the nerd, he's the free spirit in the sense that, you know, I worry about my spreadsheets, but every Sunday we get together, we sit and we just talk, you know, we dream. And so, you know, his, one of his hugest contributions is he's actually worked over time for the last 10 years.


Oh wow. And it's six days a week pretty much every week. So it's, there was a lot of, you know, it wasn't easy. No. How old are you? Two but 41 today. Yeah. And you Happy happy birthday. Thank you. And, and you got a paid four, $350,000 house And I'm 44 And yeah. And, and you know, you're on your way to be a millionaires in no time. Congratulations. We're so proud of you. Heroes. Thank you. Thank you. Well done Heroes. Alright, bring the kiddos up, give us their names and ages and while they're coming up, we've got a Baby Steps millionaires book for you. A total money makeover book for you and a Financial Peace University membership for you. You can use 'em or give 'em away. That's the live and give box. We'll have that for you. Thanks for coming up to do your debt free screen.


So what are their names and ages? This Is Greg. He's 11. This is Kira and she's 10 and a half. All Right. They have no idea yet what their parents have done to change their family tree. Pretty incredible guys. You guys are awesome. Alright. Jared and Christina, Greg and Kira from Woodstock, Georgia. 136,000 paid off in seven years house and everything making 60 to 1 45. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 1, 2, 3. We're debt free. We're free. Yeah. This is how it's done. I love it. She goes back to school at community college.


Yep. UPS her game. Goes and finishes her mask or goes and finishes her bachelor's ups her game. Well done guys. And he works overtime like crazy. That's right. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or recession business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Shiloh's with us in Billings, Montana. Hi Shiloh, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you for having me. Sure. What's up? Okay, so my question is, my husband works for a company that is unionized and they are potentially going to be striking fairly soon. And my question is, do we hunker down and wait and ride it out? Or do we work on paying off our debt still? What, what's the best solution to do?


It depends on the probability of the strike. And let's talk that through for a second. Okay, sure. How long has he worked for that company? Seven years. Have they ever been on strike while he worked there? No, sir. When was the last time they were on strike? 1997, I think. No, you do not hunker down. Okay. Okay. So go ahead. And now if it gets up, if it gets up closer and it heats up and it heats up and it heats up and you feel like the probability, the actual facts, not the emotions, the facts of what's going on indicate that you got a 70 or an 80% chance they are gonna go out, then stop everything and pile up cash.


But right now what you've got's a bunch of saber rattling. You know what I mean by that? Yes sir. I do Now the sounds of war, but there's not gonna be war. Okay. Yeah. I he, he is more confident that there won't be a strike than I am. So Yeah, that and, and what, what I'm trying to help you do, and I have to do this myself and you know, Ken works with people on careers and do the same thing, is we have to separate Delony jog, Dr. John Delony talks about this. Anytime we're facing an anxiety situation, a trauma situation, we have to separate facts from fears. Facts are Yes sir. Our friends, what you are doing is worrying.


That's what you just told me. And I do that too. Yes sir. I do that too. But when the facts are that there's been two meetings and there was a meltdown and the guy stormed out and the last time that happened, there was a strike. Well, that's a fact. We're probably going into a strike. But in the meantime, what it is, it's like, I don't like this. They could just put us out and we got no idea. I don't know what's going on. I feel outta control. Well that's just worrying. Okay. Both are normal, but we just have to make good decisions based on all of that. Yeah. And one of the things you wanna look at, we have enough, okay, go ahead. Sorry, go ahead. Well, we have enough in our savings account to pay off all of our consumer debt.


Do it. So just go ahead and do it and then Yep. We'll be okay. Yep. Okay. That makes sense. You won't have any of those payments if you go on strike, that'd be great. That's Right. And then Shiloh, you and your husband need to be aware 'cause every union is different, but the, one of the major potential strikes that's coming down the pike is UPS right now. And in that particular, this is one of the largest union, the largest union in the country. You need to find out That that's where he works for is UPS. Okay. So I actually, okay, I actually know a little bit about this story. So What he, okay then wait a minute, I may change my answer. So tell me what's going on. Well, no, no, actually Dave is still right. What we wanna do is, is that has been reported that, that the union is saying, and this is posturing as well, but your husband's gotta know, how much am I gonna get paid during this strike?


And for how long? Because these unions have money set aside for strikes, Dave. But it is not a per, it's not forever and ever and ever. And so what you have to look at is you have to get the numbers. We could survive. I'll continue to get paid for three months if the strike goes beyond. So these are the kind of facts that Dave is talking about. He's right. We pay attention to this and we go, okay, I know that market, The market share that UPS would lose to FedEx in three months. It'll never happen. We recover from That's right. It'll never happen. But the point is, is the unions have enough money in a pool, your husband needs to find out. Yeah. That's how long would I get paid for? And see this is the point that Dave is making. So we could survive, we pay off the debt and we replenish that emergency fund even in a one month strike.


'cause I don't think it goes longer than 30 days. I don't think it Goes, you know, I don't think it ever happens. These are the facts that you're talking about, Dave. So you gotta know this. Yeah, that okay. I had no, I didn't, I I didn't have this other information. This is, that's All Right. That's very good. But I, I, now I'm even more, now I'm, I'm even more sure. That's right. Yeah. Pay off your debt, work your system. I, I'm not saying there's never gonna be a strike. I would just say there's a very low Problem. It's not gonna last a long time. To your Point, lemme just tell you, UPS cannot afford it. No. Can't Afford it. FedEx will eat their Lunch. Yeah. They they'll be gone. Yeah. I mean they would lose they, you it, the business aspect of that is just mind boggling. So Yeah. No, no, you're good. You're good. Very good. And one other point to point out, this is like, this is like Dems and Republicans posturing over the debt ceiling.


Lemme just tell you, it don't matter who they are. I've been old enough, I've been round long enough to know they're gonna keep extending the debt. So, and I hear that headline, oh, it's gonna shut the world out. No, it's, the Republicans are gonna shut the World down. They're going to keep extending the debt. This is posturing and negotiation. You know this well. Yeah. So in this case, nothing to worry about here at all. You're gonna be paid at least a month as well. Even the union folks are saying, we have about three months worth of dues set aside that would pay our members while we're striking. Hmm. So those are the nuances, but actual facts that help you make this decision Massive deal. Wow. I'm, I'm gonna read on this. I'm, I'm really ignorant. Okay. Fun. Hey, That's why you Paid me to do it. And I truly don't like being ignorant. So I, I don't mind you being smarter than me.


Oh no, I'm not much, much, I just have to pay attention to work related issues like this, you know? Yeah. Morgan's with us. Morganson, Louisiana. Hi Morgan. How are you? I'm great. Hi Dave. Hey, thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? So, yes sir. So I am kind of in this situation. My husband and I, we have been married almost three years in February. And we have our finances separate. I have three children and he has one daughter who's in college. College. And so we're just trying to figure out how to go about combining the finances with the salary I make and his salary and what we owe and expenses in that nature.


What steps do you advise us? Where do we begin in so many, how Long ago were you divorced? Oh gosh, mine was in 15. Okay. And what was money? A in his money problems. A contributing factor. No, sir. Well, how long ago was he divorced? He was, I believe 18, 2018. More money problems. A contributing factor. Yes sir. Yeah. Okay. So at some point in your new marriages, you have to be married to the person you are married to now, not the one you used to be married to, meaning Yes sir.


He can't hold her misbehavior with money against you and use that as a reason to not combine finances. That's why I ask those questions. This is typically what causes people to not combine their finances, who have been married once they got trashed the last time. And it's hard not Absolutely. It's hard. It's hard to go back. You know, it's hard to go, oh yeah, I'm gonna treat, you know, but he really has, as a part of his healing from that other divorce is his commitment to you and the two of you combining your finances. So tactically what you do is we change our, we change our proverbs and proverbs, we change our pronouns. Our okay. Yes. It's our money.


Not your money. My money. It's our income. It's our debt, it's our house, it's our grocery bill. There's not a yours and mine. If you don't do this, you lower your probability of building wealth tremendously. All of the data that we have says that people that work together have a much higher probability of becoming wealthy than those who run two separate households. Like a couple of freaking roommates. Absolutely, Dave. And, and that's how we both feel. Yeah. That we're, we're just like, you know, Roommates. So you just put it in one pile. And I'll be honest, you have one pile of income at the top of the page, yours plus his equals our, and then we have our expenses down the page, our food, our lights, our water, our house, our hour, hour, our vacation.


We're visiting your mother and we are paying for that. And whatever it is. Right. That kind. You got it. It's all the way down the page. And if you guys are paying for his daughter's college, that's our expense. 'cause you married her when you married him. Yes. Right, right. Both am I, am I, am I off track here? You are on track and I'm gonna say I too am at fault in struggling with the finance from the first marriage. Yeah. So we both have been Yeah, you gotta forgive the person you're married to now. 'cause they didn't do anything wrong. It's hard though, 'cause it's human nature to not put your hand out once a dog bitch.


You, you know. Ouch. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey, it's Ken. If you love the show and want a deeper dive on your money journey, we have a weekly newsletter that gives you trending and helpful articles and tips on following the RAMSEY way. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com today to sign up for our newsletter. Again, that's Ramsey Solutions dot com to sign up for our weekly newsletter.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order? Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites. And it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And There's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spams to find. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean, it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. I love these reports so far. Get this, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Removed me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. It's amazing. So again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out. You guys


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Thank you for joining us America. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Ken Coleman. RAMSEY personality host of the Ken Coleman show and author of the number one selling book from Paycheck to Purpose where he helps people with their careers, their jobs, and their work. And he's gonna be doing that today right here on The Ramsey Show. Phone number here is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Luisa is with us in Washington, DC Hi Luisa, how are you?


Good afternoon. So great to be speaking with you today. Thank you so much for taking my Call. Thank you. What's up? Alright, I've got a, what would Dave do scenario, and I'm pretty sure I know what you're gonna say, but I kind of just wanna walk through some options I have and it's concerning my mortgage. So, little bit of background. I have an arm that resets every November and it hasn't really been, you know, much of an issue until recently, obviously because the rates have gone up. So it is resetting from four and a half to six and a half percent Joyful. Yep. The balance on the loan is 99,000. I've actually paid off 52,000 in the last year and I am on track to pay this off.


My goal is December of 2025. Okay. So here are the scenarios. I just wanna walk through, wanna get your thought. Option one is just to, you know, stick, stick with, you know, stick with the, the new payment coming up in November. My payment is actually going down a hundred, $180 even with the rate going up because I'd pay off so much. So it's actually going down $180. So that's option one is just proceeding with, you know, six and a half percent. And then, you know, with the rate would reset, you know, next year. Option two is a recast and I've kind of read where you're not a big fan of a mortgage recast and wanna get your thoughts on this.


So obviously the rate would stay the same 6.5%. This would require a $20,000 payment by the end of October and that would lower the payment $140 a month. Okay. So that's option two. And then option Three, why would you want to lower it if you're paying it off in two years? What's the benefit? Well, I I guess that's where I, I I think I don't, I don't understand it is like we're trying to pay it off in two years or two and a half years. Right, Right, right. And I So why does, how does lowering the payment accomplish that? I mean, it's lowering the interest that I'm paying.


No, it's not. I Mean that would be, no it's not. But If you recast, are you gonna recast at a lower interest rate? No, I'm recasting I'm taking it from a balance of 99,000 to Oh, it would lower the balance. Yeah. But You could do that anyway. You don't have to recast to do that. Yes, I could. And that's what I've been doing is just Re all recasting does is reset the payment based on a longer term. It doesn't change the interest charged. Right, right. Okay. So there's no benefit to you mathematically to recast Okay. Given that you're planning to pay it off in two years. Yes, correct.


Okay. And here's the other thing is that I, it, I don't have $20,000 just sitting around. Well, then there's that. Yeah, Right. Exactly. So that kind of brings me to option three. And let me, let me just preface this by saying I heard you about a year and a half ago, maybe two years ago before the rates, you know, were creeping up because I was gonna re refinance. And I remember you telling a caller, don't refinance if you can pay it off in three years. So I kind of went with that model and I'm, I'm on, I'm on target, I'm on track to pay this off and that, that is really why I did not refinance. But option three would be digging into my brokerage account and paying it off entirely.


I have, I have about $200,000 I'd have to cash, you know, Not in a retirement. You have a brokerage account sitting there with enough to pay it off. Yes, I do Pay it off today. I yeah, I knew You knew I was gonna do that. I I did. I did. I still wanted to walk through the options. Okay. So if, if you had a paid for home with a brokerage account with a hundred thousand dollars less in it, would you go borrow $99,000 on your home, paid for home to put more money in your brokerage account? No, It's the same thing. Yeah.


Yeah. I think, I think I'm just having some, Let me tell you what's gonna happen. All Right. That you don't anticipate because I've been the other side of it myself and with a whole bunch of other people you do not understand when you pay this off and you walk out in the backyard with no shoes on that the grass is gonna feel so much different. There's gonna be a level of peace blow through your home. Like a nice cool wind that you don't even know is coming when you own. No man, nothing.


All this hand wringing you've been doing for the last few minutes trying to figure out what to do. All that's gone. Just clean and simple. You just own your house. You're weird. Right. I love it. I love it. And listen, if you really hate it, then go get you a new mortgage. Yeah. But I don't think you're gonna hate it. I think you're gonna feel freedom that you have not felt in your adult life. Yep. And I know that from the, having experienced it myself 'cause I don't have any debt and haven't had for 30 years and I walk around without all of these weights on my shoulders and that, that a lot of people have, and I get to make different decisions and have a different level of calm in the middle of a storm and all of that.


Pay off your house, Luisa, please. I promise you, you won't regret it. But if I'm completely bonkers and you do regret it, you can always go get you another mortgage and Theoretically put it back in the brokerage. There's a fear there. You could Hear it. Yeah. Well no, it's just this angst of you the devil. I know. Yeah, that's right. The devil I know versus the peace I've never known And it, it's, I don't know if I'm doing something wrong. I don't know if which is the correct thing. And and lemme just tell you man, once you get no payments in the whole freaking world, financial peace, two words that don't go together like airline service, man.


Wow. Like postal service. Sorry to you. Postal people. Oh my gosh. Sorry to you. Airline people. But I mean really, I mean, it's financial piece. Two words that don't go together. I mean, I've got money and a brokerage. I've got my emergency fund, I've got retirement going and I own my whole freaking house. Some of you need to breathe that in and make that a goal. Some of you spend a lot of calories flipping stuff over in your head. Wring your hands, trying to figure out something. When the answers are usually pretty simple.


Clean it up people. Simplify. Simplify. That's it. Simplify. Yeah. Huh? It's hard to beat guys. Hard to beat. This is The Ramsey Show.


Lemme tell you. The god's gonna hurt You. It's holy week in Jerusalem. Crowds welcome Jesus. As king rebellion is in the air, Jesus operates outside our jurisdiction Room will descend on us all. But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables. My House shall be called the house of prayer. But you make it a ton of thieves, The world will never be the same. Coming soon to theaters the chosen Last Supper. Get your tickets now.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items. Only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store pre-order today.


Well, about eight years ago I looked up on Twitter back when I looked at Twitter and there were some guys on there poking fun at all kinds of people. And then the next thing I knew they were making fun of me. And they're funny as crud and some of my favorite follows on social media, the Bee, the Babylon Bee, Kyle Mann, one of the founders of the Babylon Bee, along with his friend Adam, who's gone on to do other things now. But they started this thing over in California and a satirical look at church for one thing and church making fun of us church people by church people. 'cause you're a pastor's kid. Yeah. Oh no, you are a pastor Actually. You're a pastor. Yeah.


Yeah. You were a Pastor at One point. My dad's a rocket scientist, so Oh Well there's that. Wow. For Real. Yeah. No, isn't that joke? You know, not everything I say is a joke. Right, Right. Well I'm just checking. I didn't know if you Were pulling. All Right. So, All Right. Kyle Mann is the editor in Chief of the Bee, the Babylon Bee around here. All the RAMSEY folk are big fans of the Bee, and we recommend you guys check it out if you want to have a good snicker, a good laugh a couple times a day, and you ought to get something positive outta social media. So there's a way you can do it. So welcome Kyle. Good to have you. Yeah, we're big fans, man. Good To be here. Thanks to, thanks for having me. So fake news you can trust. All Right. Did Trump steal that from you or did you steal it from Trump? It's ours, man. It's copyrighted that.


Yeah, we made the T-shirt. So we own the phrase, but fake News he stole from you. Fake. Well, no, we still fake news from That's what I thought. Yeah, but you're fake news. But we owe him no royalties on it. But fake News you can trust is yours. That's Us. Yeah. That's all us. Because you can't trust all the fake news, but you can trust this One. Trust about won B Great, great play, great satire. I mean, you got a sense of humor. I love mean sarcasm is my, my love language. So I love the whole thing. And you guys have come at me a bunch of times and I've loved every bit of it. It's, we always get good response. 'cause you're not too hard on me, but, but you get a good use if You want us. You want us to be you. No, I appreciate It. I, no, He doesn't. I'm trying not to make you mad. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't want, I don't need anybody else picking on me out there.


So, but satire is tough. I mean, it's har hard. Is it harder to create satire when real life things are so over the top? I mean, it's so weird out there that it's like reality is satire. Yeah. GK Chesterton wrote a hundred years ago that he's, he thought satire would be impossible because real news was so absurd. He wrote that in like 1911. And you picture how crazy the news has gotten from 1911 until 2023. You know, you just, you open up the news and you can't tell if it's a real news headline or the Babylon be headlines. Sometimes I can't tell. And I'm writing the, the headlines. Yeah, yeah. You know, that's how difficult it is. Yeah. We, I mean, when I was a kid, the local newspaper, you might not agree with their politics, but it was least objective.


The CBS nightly news with Walter Cronkite was at least objective. But if I look at CNN's website, Fox's website, look at the local newspaper here in Nashville, it more resembles the National Enquirer when I was a kid. Than it did. Than it does. I mean, even their, their, their LA tone feel, they're fonts and everything. It's, it's just so salacious, so bizarre. It's aliens, you know, that that was, was reserved for, that was reserved for the National Enquirer and the line of when you're buying groceries, you know? Yeah. But it has all shifted that way to where, you know, it, you guys probably get confused for real stuff sometimes, don't You? Oh, absolutely. Yeah. We've been fact checked dozens of times.


Our jokes get FactCheck by Snopes USA today. Of course. All, all different kinds of outlet outlets fact check our jokes because people think they're real. What's the most famous case of a story being taken very seriously? Well, Snopes FactCheck, one of our articles that was CNN purchases industrial washing Machine to spin the news. Somebody actually checked on That and that got fact checked and our Facebook page got demonetized de platformed, you know, all of that stuff because of that article, because it was fact checked. And they said, oh, you guys are sharing fake news. Yeah. It's a's what we Show because CN Yeah. The Giant Washington CNN really didn't do that. Huh? Who knew? Yeah. As far as we know. Yeah. Yeah. As far as we know, as far as we know.


Is there, is there anything off limits for you guys? Or how, how, what's that editorial process like? I even hate to say editorial, but there is a, a version of that. Yeah. Well, we won't be too mean to Dave Ramsey. That's our number one. We like that. Ah, we like that. That's our number one rule Use for clicks and laughs. But that, that's enough. Just clicks and laughs. All friendly stuff. But no, I mean, I don't think there's any topic that's off limits for the satirist and honestly, that's why, you know, a lot of left-leaning comedy these days isn't funny anymore. Right. 'cause they have so many no-fly zones, things that they won't make fun of that it doesn't surprise you anymore. Yeah. You know, imagine if they were to make fun of their own worldview, you know, things in their own worldview, it would be shocking because they don't do that. Yeah. You know, so I think you do need to be able to make fun of yourself.


You do need to be able to make fun of things in the culture. I mean, I just think the main, the main guideline that we use is that if we're making fun of a serious topic, like we're trying to call attention to a really, you know, heavy topic like abortion or something along those lines, then our jokes are gonna be that much more serious. You know, we don't wanna make people think that we're making light of those things. Sure. Right. So that's kind of one of the, one of the guidelines that we use. Yeah. Yeah. So, but you are an equal opportunity offender. I mean, you go after just about everybody in one way or another. I mean, you make fun of Fox or cnn, you Yeah. Right. Or left issues or you know, you know, conservatives do this or, or you know, lefties do this or whatever. I mean, you, you, you, you get on every, it's fun. Yeah. Well, and you have to like, I think to be a good sadist, you have to first be able to laugh at yourself.


You have to be able to make fun of your own. And that's what, you know, that's what made the Babylon be get so popular so fast. 'cause we were writing the, the jokes about the worship leaders who wear the v-necks and all that. Oh yeah. You know? Absolutely. And our friend Dave Ramsey here. Yeah, yeah. You know, those kind of jokes showed people like, hey, they're not afraid to make fun of themselves. And that kind of gives you the right to then go after the other side a little bit too. Alright, So I gotta know this. If you look to the recent past or maybe a hundred years ago as a satirist, who would you have loved to have been in the public scene now where you could have taken a crack at him, whether that be in the faith-based world, politics, sports, what, what comes to mind when I ask you that? Yeah, So we launched, we launched like right at the end of the Obama administration, you know, and So we were kinda like during the Trump Clinton year, So we did kinda launch it in the perfect time when it was like, you could make a, a lot of good fun of Trump if you had a good sense of humor about him.


And you can make a lot of fun of, of Hillary obviously, too. Right. So we launched it kind of that perfect time. But yeah, the last, the last a hundred years, I mean, it would've been great to be around in the eighties with Reagan and Yeah. I mean, the Clinton years, you got, people had so much fun with on SNL, but that's back when SNL used to make fun of both sides. And, you know, they would, Back when SNL was funny Was right back when the late night people would make fun of both sides. You know, George W. Bush obviously was great for humor just with his mannerisms and Oh yeah. So we kind of missed out on a lot of that. But at the time, there were comedians covering it, you know, there was the SNL and the late nights that were actually doing that stuff. You Know, I, I remember him telling a story when I was interviewing him about Strategery. Yeah, yeah. He thought, he actually thought he, he said, I thought I did say that.


And he was talking to the writer at, at Saturday Night Live, Lauren, whatever, or the producer. Yeah, yeah. And Lauren said, no, George, I said that. I said, you said that, but you never really said that. And he, he owned it. He thought, I, he said, I thought I said it, it was the funniest thing ever. And so, yeah. But that, you gotta be able to laugh at yourself in the process. You gotta be able to enjoy that ride. No question about it. So how do you determine, you guys put content on almost all the major platforms from podcasts to posts on Facebook posts are, I guess you're, are you, are you banned from Facebook? No. Okay. Not banned from Facebook. Okay. All Right. But are you banned from anything right now? We got banned from TikTok, which is, you know, a good thing in some ways.


Yeah. Because then you don't have to be on TikTok. Yeah. But I think we got let back on, so I don't know if we're actually banned from anything right now. Okay. What got you banned from TikTok? I, you can't joke about anything on TikTok, you know, we'll do jokes about the, the tames joke. You can imagine. And they'll say, you know, community, community standards. Politically sensitive. Politically sensitive. You Know what's crazy about that is they won't let you make fun of anything, but they'll let kids go on and say stupid crap about time blindness and how she's mad at her boss. This is the latest rage, timeless. Oh, this will make Dave's head explode. I'll have to tell him during the commercial break. I'll Have to go deflate him After. He can't handle it on the air. It's too much. But they'll let kids rage. Yeah, But You can't make a joke. Yeah.


Well that's part of the danger of social media and algorithms who's controlling the algorithm and controlling what we see. We already know that with TikTok, you know, they, they change the algorithm based on who you are. If you're in America. If you're in China, yeah. The algorithm's different based on what produced in the culture. So, So how do you guys with all those different platforms determine which piece of content worked? I mean, there, there's some, there are some social media platforms where a certain joke will hit a little, little bit better. Like for a long time Twitter was kind of the political space where politics jokes did well, yeah. You're a big hit on Facebook and Instagram for us. Yep, yep. You know, I love it. That's good. Okay, good, Good. So yeah, it just depends on the audience and where they are. Well, We're just here to serve. I'm saying, yeah, You, Dave, you're huge on the Gram.


You're huge on the gram as the kids. See, That's it. And huge on the bee baby. That's it. That's what I'm saying. Babylon b Kyle Mann, thanks for stopping by, brother. We love your work. It's a lot of fun. You guys. If you haven't followed it, jump in and follow. You'll get a laugh and you might get offended and that'll be good for you too. Just laugh your way through it. You gotta love it. The Babylon Bee, check it out. This is The Ramsey Show.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news Knock box, that's n Okay. Box as in Next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy Memories, not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history. And one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's N OK box.com/ RAMSEY.


If you're a small business owner and you feel burned out, then you've got to join us at EntreLeadership Summit. This May 18 through 21. This leadership conference will Refuel you With fresh vision and connect you to like-minded leaders so you can take your business to the next level. But you better hurry 'cause we're running outta seats. We've got less than 200 seats left. If you wanna join us in Denver, Colorado, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash summit right now. Or if you're listening on YouTube or podcast, just click the link in the description.


Ken Coleman RAMSEY Personality is my cohost today.


Today's RAMSEY show question of the day is sponsored by Why refi? When you're trapped in a maze of defaulted private student loan debt, it's hard to find your way out. But why Refi can offer you a lifeline with custom refinancing based on your ability to pay and a lump sum payoff option you could qualify for after 24 months. Go to y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in states.


Today's question comes from Nikki in Kansas. My husband has been at his current job for over five years. He has received yearly inflationary raises. A new manager position was recently created, and my husband considered applying for it, but before he could, it was given to another employee that has no previous experience in the role. This new manager now repeatedly asked my husband for advice and wants him to work extra hours and to cover his lack of competence. I think it's time for him to find a new job, but he wants to make it work here. His annual review is coming up. Should he mention the situation and bring up needing increased compensation or a path to growth? Well, Nikki, I I, you know, I I, when somebody has done me wrong, I found Dave that my wife Stacy has always taken it worse.


I don't know if Sharon's that way or not, but it feels like this situation where your husband's griped a little bit about this Nikki, and, and you've gotten really upset about it. And I, I would listen to your husband here. He wants to make it work. And based on the facts you've given us, he never raised his hand for the job. And because he didn't raise his hand, whoever hired this other employee is not on the, on the line for that because they can't read mine. So in this situation, I always tell people to never ask directly for a raise. I teach to talk about a growth plan after you talk about a desire to grow. In other words, I think in his annual review, he needs to sit down and say, Hey, listen, you know, I was thinking about raising my hand for this other position.


I didn't, and that's on me. But what it did show me is that I want more, I want to lead, I wanna step up. I wanna climb here at company X, Y, Z. So to that end, in my review, whether you got it for me today, but in the future, in the near future, I'd like to meet with you and discuss a growth plan. What tools can I add to my tool belt? In other words, skills and experience. And then what are some shortcomings? What are some areas that may be blind spots for me that I need to be aware of so that I do better and make myself a better employee? And then can we lay that plan out? And how do we measure it so that you and I are operating off the same sheet of paper shape, same sheet of music, and, and, and, and if we measure that, will that lead to opportunity for more responsibility, which should come with more compensation?


That's the spirit, the posture that you should have so that you do not put your leader on the defensive. Because many times they are not the sole decision maker in you getting a promotion in a raise. And so the reason I prescribe it that way, Dave, is it allows them to have some ownership in it. They don't feel put on the spot, they don't feel backed into a corner. And then we have an adult mature professional conversation about a path forward. The other thing I want you to ask yourself is who is ambitious here? You or your husband? Because A, he didn't raise his hand for this position.


B his wife wrote us an email, not him. Two indicators. He ain't real fired up and so, or not as fired up as you are. That's correct. That's very obvious. So I, I don't want you to want something for him more than he wants it for himself, because that's gonna come through when he sits down in his review, he needs to be confident, competent. How can I add value to this organization? What do I need to do to make myself more valuable so that I can grow here, grow meaning, grow in responsibility and in value that I'm adding and hopefully in compensation someday.


And that requires a a, a body language, a, a, a little swagger. Yeah. You gotta share some hunger. I think what what they wanna see here is I want to get better. I want to do more, be more. And that's attractive. Yeah. I, I, and, and you know, I think that's a discussion. Maybe your husband doesn't want any of that. Maybe you want it. I think it's very possible. So you need to talk that through before you send him into the lion's cage. Open phones at Triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Matthew is in Houston, Texas. Hi Matthew. How are you? Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Hey, so I have a budgeting question.


I'm trying to figure out what I should do for an extra 20,000 in income. I'm gonna receive three to four times this year from overtime work. Send it to Dave's Bahama fund PO Box. No, I'm kidding. Okay. All Right. So you're gonna make it, you're gonna make an extra 80 grand. Yeah. Yeah. Sweet. Very nice. Pretty nice. I'm pretty Where, where are you on the baby steps, bro? I'm not sure what baby step exactly, but Okay. So this whole, this whole thing's new to you, so that's cool. That's fine. That's fine. Okay. We teach a process to use all extra money to achieve wealth as fast as possible.


And we apply it in an order, a forced ranking of importance. Okay. And that, that, that system is called the baby steps. One baby step at a time and you'll become wealthy. So I'll walk you through 'em right quick. You ready? Okay. First thing you need to do, save a thousand dollars. I bet you've already done that. Yes. How much money do you have in savings? Just savings. I have about 50 K. Okay, good for you. And how much debt do you have? Not counting your home? None Good. Okay, baby. Step one is save a thousand dollars baby. Step two is to become debt-free. Everything but the house, ding, ding, check those two boxes.


Three is to have an emergency fund of three to six months of expenses. If we call that 50,000, that emergency fund, you're there three baby. Step four is start putting 15% of your income towards retirement. Not more, not less in 4 0 1 Ks and Roth IRAs. Are you doing that? Yeah, I'm maxing 'em out. It's more like 25% at the moment. Okay, Baby. Step five is kids college. Do you have kids? No, I'm single. Well, that's easy. We can skip that one. Baby. Step six is pay off your house early. How much do you owe on your home? Yeah, I owe 200 on my home and right now I'm putting an extra $400 a month towards the principal.


Okay. And what do you make, what's your total income, sir? Well, depending what this OT should be close to about 200 this year. Okay. And you're single and you have no debt payments. If I woke up in your shoes, what would I do following those steps? I just gave you that I've taught 10 million people. I, I would tell you to reduce your 401k to 15% not maxed out. And I want you to take everything you can squeeze out of your monthly budget, including this bonuses that are come coming in and throw it at the mortgage. Let's pay this house off in two years.


Okay? Yeah, that's kind of what I've been leaning towards too. I don't like having it hang over my head, but I was also wondering if I should consider a side brokerage account or After the house was paid off. Okay, so after the house, yeah. Here's, here's why. Here's why. Okay? This is, I do not, I don't want it hanging over my head. There's actual data. Okay. We did the largest study of millionaires in North America ever done. 10,167 of them. Two primary things caused them to have the first one to $10 million of net worth investing steadily into their 401k and paying their home off they, and paying the home off is a big part of it, by the way.


So a paid for house. How old are you? I'm 26. And the house is worth what? Probably about two 60. Okay. So when the house gets paid off, by the time it's paid off, somewhere around 34 years old, 33 years old, you're gonna have a net worth of over a million dollars at the track you're on right now. So way to go, dude, you're killing it. Proud of you. Hang on. I'm gonna send you a copy of the book, baby Steps and Billionaires. It's my latest number one bestseller. And it'll show you exactly the stuff I'm talking about. Why, when and where. And it'll help you dial this in. You are a stud. Keep it up, man.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry in slow motion than file your taxes, but thankfully you don't have to dread filing. When you've got Ramsey Smart Tax, it comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus, with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. We're so glad you're here. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Janet is in Boise, Idaho. Hi Janet. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Ken and Dave, it's a pleasure. Ours too. How can we help? Yeah, so I'm calling today just to see how we, as we, as me and my husband can get ahead of our bills. It seems like every single month we pay our bills three weeks after the due date and then a week later they're due again. So we've tried, you know, budgeting and just trying to get ahead and we just can't seem to get that curve.


So we're just calling to see what tips and tricks you could provide for us. Okay. What's your household income? It's about 75,000 gross. Okay. And how much debt do you have? Not counting your house. 39,000 On what On student loans is 24,000, 5,000 in credit cards and a 9,000 or 10,000 on the rv. A travel trailer On a trailer. Okay. And you make 75 KA year? That's right between the both of us. Okay. All Right.


All Right. So where do you think your money's going? Well, I know that it was going to a lot of eating out. I actually just got my husband on board about two months ago to do like the baby steps. I've been doing it probably by myself for like a whole year, ever since. And it seems like actually we've been on this momentum of just being behind for like the last year and we're just sick of it. I'm tired of handling it. So I have him stepping in on the finances as well as just really, you know, being careful with where our money's going. And so, you know, I've tried for the last two months, we've just spend, you know, paying every single week because we get paid every week.


So that's kind Of helpful. Okay, so if I sat down with you and your husband Sure. With a, with a yellow pad at the kitchen table. And I said, okay, this is what you have coming in this week. Let's, let's map out where every one of those dollars is going. This is what you have coming in the next week. Let's map out where every one of those dollars is going. Let's map out you, you should have enough with the numbers you gave me. We should. Yeah, we should. And that's Where we're, but you, but you're not doing that, Right? There it is. Okay. So you need, you need to sit down and you can jump on EveryDollar. But the number, the first thing is the two of you have to do this together. Not turn it over to him. 'cause he 'cause he can do it and you can't do it. That's not true.


Okay. Both of you together need to do this because what's gonna have to happen is you're gonna have to decide not to do a bunch of stuff you're doing. Now that does, that doesn't matter as much as getting in control matters. Right? I want to get in control more than I wanna go out to eat. I want to get in, I wanna get out of debt and have a life more than I want. I wanna go on vacation. I, I want to get in control more than I like this travel trailer. I want to get in control more than, and I'm sick and tired of living stress to stress, to stress, to stress, to stress with no hope. Feeling like a rat in a freaking wheel. And when the both of you, when both of you are saying that, and then you put numbers to that and you say, okay, this week on Friday we get a check for x the following Thursday we get a check for y the following Saturday we get a check for Z.


And you write that down and you plan out every one of those dollars and where every one of them are going because the water bill is due on the second week, the house payment's due on the first week, the student loan payments due in the third week. And we're gonna figure out what's coming out and we're gonna take this much for food, this much for food, this much for food in the four different weeks. And we're gonna allocate every one of those bills to a certain week and some of 'em across week so that we have enough money to take care of


them. And EveryDollar has an assignment on paper, on purpose before the month begins. We agree on it. And spit shake and pinky swear. And then we don't do anything else with money except what we freaking wrote down. Right. And it seems like we've been doing that for the last two months. But we can't catch that curve. We can't get outta the So so you write it all down and you don't have enough. No, we do have enough. But it seems like it's gone every single week. And Now if you wrote it down to have enough and then you did something else other than what you wrote down. Well, I guess where we're struggling is just like every time we do try to, we pay, we get our bill every single, you know, whatever a month. We pay it once a week and, but we have so many little ones it seems like we just don't know where They're not all written down. Prioritize them. Yeah. We need to prioritize them better or Every one of them on paper, on purpose in a certain week. This is a week one bill. This is a week four bill. This is a week two bill. Different bills have different weeks and they all go within the income of that week. And then when the check comes in, the check is already spent. So you can't do anything except what you wrote down. Yep. You are not managing to the budget, you're writing it out as a hypothetical and then going, doing what you used to do. Right. And you're not focusing on it. I how To get ahead. But listen, Jan, get ahead. I'll tell you how you've gotta, That'll get you ahead. Just what I told you. Yeah. If you, you won't write down not getting ahead, you'll get ahead as soon as you do that. You've got room in this budget. Yeah, you Do. Yeah. You're disorganized and chaotic. Yeah. And when you give every single, if I paid you a hundred thousand dollars a year to pay these bills exactly on time and you had no emotional tie to them whatsoever, and you would look at this family, this distant family over in Boise, Idaho and tell them to quit going to freaking restaurants. I don't care how tired you are, no whining aloud, you're gonna pay the freaking bill on time. If I told you to do that, you could do it for someone else. Right. It's 'cause it's not Right. It's sixth grade math, you can do this. Right. So Right. You have got to get very detailed, very intentional, and then live the detail. Don't write it all down and then go do what you used to do. And so, well I just, I I, I didn't feel like cooking tonight. I don't give a crap. Go home and get some leftovers outta the dad gum, refrigerator. That's how you do it. You can, I mean, we all have that. You just gotta talk to your whiny self and say no whiny self. I've done that myself. I, I mean sure I've done it to each other. We know what it feels like. But you have to go, I want control more than I feel tired tonight. You know, and that's the biggest thing. That's the phrase that comes out of everybody's mouth by the way, before they go out to eat or before they hit the fast food and get dog food at Taco Bell, you know, or whatever. And so it is just, it's horrible. It's horrible value. It's horrible nutrition and it's outta control spending and so it's just, you know, so you gotta write it down and get on EveryDollar. Download the app and I'll tell you what, I'll give you the upgrade. I'll give you the premium EveryDollar where it ties to your bank and we'll get you started on that, Janet. 'cause what y'all desperately need is a detailed budget. And here's how you do a budget, folks. You give every single penny a name. Every bill has a week allocated in EveryDollar. It's called paycheck planning. And you plan out each paycheck for the month and you and your spouse both look at it. EveryDollar is assigned to saving. To giving or to a bill. Period. Every single dollar. There is no missile. There is no, well, 50% of my budget is not allocated. Bull crap. Allocate every dime in EveryDollar on the paycheck planning. EveryDollar has a name before the month begins. August is coming. Where's your August money gonna be? It's gonna freaking disappear. If you don't tell it what to do, it will leave and go to people's houses who tell it what to do. And then you'll say stuff like the poor get poorer and the rich get richer. Yes they do. Because the rich tell their money what to do. Yeah. That's how this works. And, and so you gotta get on top of this stuff and lean into it. EveryDollar has an assignment, you stick to it. You agree on it with your spouse and you do not spend a dime unless it's on that page, on that EveryDollar app. If it's not on there and it comes up and it's a surprise and you forgot it, you gotta take something else off. Because if you put something on there and you're already spend it all, now you're an overdraft and now it doesn't work and I can't seem to get caught up. Well you're not getting caught up 'cause you're not living your plan. Do the plan. Live the plan, write the plan. Live the plan, do the plan. Live the plan. Live the plan. And it's your plan by the way. You decide where it's gonna go. But I'm telling you what I'm doing. I'm not going out to eat. I'm not going on vacation. I'm selling a stupid travel trailer. Everything else is for sale. So much. The kids think they're next. We're gonna take extra jobs and we're getting control. 'cause I'm tired of being stressed out. That's what I'm doing. If I'm in your shoes and I did it, by the way,


this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, it's Ken. If you like what you heard in this episode and wanna know more about getting started on the RAMSEY baby steps, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on the get started button. We'll help you figure out the best next step for you based on your specific situation. Again, that's Ramsey Solutions dot com and click get started. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is Search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep, you heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad. Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.