
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host George Campbell. Number one bestselling author, host of the George Campbell Show. On YouTube is RAMSEY Personality is my cohost today. The phone number here is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Tony is in Chicago. Hi Tony. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Hey, So I manage a special needs trust for my mother who's 67 and currently the money in that account is about 170,000 and it's all sitting in cash.


And I got a call from the bank today asking if I, you know, they're trying to encouraged me to invest it in different ways And I recently saw a video of you talking about the risks of bonds And I wanted to call and ask your opinion on how I should best go about this. Yeah. I would not do any bonds for sure. Your mom is in a special needs trust. What's her, what's her issue? Yes, She has multiple sclerosis, has had it for 30 years and is in a nursing home. Oh wow. Okay. And the one 70 is all the money she has in the world, Plus about 10,000 in checking account.


But yes. Okay. That's it. Alright. And how much are you using? Is there a burn rate on it? Are you using it for her care? I have not touched a sense of it. In the few years it's been active, well, since I established It, how is she being cared for? Medicare, Medicaid. Okay. All right, cool. Alright. So it, to the extent we can leave it alone, we can invest it in something that has a longer time horizon to be safe. So just like a good growth stock mutual fund, if you leave that alone five years, you're pretty safe. Okay. So I certainly wouldn't put all of it there.


I'd be looking for a mix between high yield savings for a, a big chunk of this and then the other chunk I might do something as simple as an s and p 500 or sit down with a smart investor pro and just pick out some very, very calm growth and income type funds. But all of those funds would be, you know, in the last year they would've paid 20%, but the last year the market was up 30, which is crazy. That's not normal. But in a, in an average they would probably pay out 10 where the market's paying out 12, where a high yield savings is paying out four. So Correct. You know, I'm invest some of it, not all of I'm gonna invest some of it, not all of it. To the extent I'm comfortable I can leave my hands off of it.


Okay. What does the next one to two years look like? As far as short term costs? I really don't know how to answer that question. I don't foresee any major costs. But you know, she, like for example, she just had a bunch of dental work done that wasn't covered, but we were able to pay that without having to dip into this special needs trust. So things like that maybe, but otherwise I'm not sure. Okay. Yeah, I mean if it was me, I'd probably putting like a hundred in some mutual funds with a Smart Vista Pro that have a very low volatility, very calm funds.


Okay. And then I'm gonna put the other like 70 into just high yield savings. But that will at least change your income. Instead of making $4,000 on that a hundred, you, you might make $12,000 on that a hundred, that kind of thing. I understand. Okay. Outstanding. But, but you wanna be able to, you know, you wanna be able to access it when she needs it. 'cause that's the primary thing it's for. So yeah, click on at Ramsey Solutions, just click on Smart Vista Pro and find one near you that you like and sit down with 'em and they can teach you some things you can do. Bryce is in Dallas. Hey Bryce, what's up? Hey Gar, thank you so much for answering my call. Sure. How can we help?


Well, I ran into a recent situation, let me get, lemme just get into it, but basically I've driven a 2018 for F-150 for about seven years. We ran into an engine issue to where the second eng, the second cylinder within the engine busted after taking it to two mechanics, I got the same verdict that it's gonna cost about $15,000. It's gonna require a whole brand new engine replacement. And so just considering my options, these two top things have been entering my mind. Either one, I paid a $15,000 to go ahead and get the engine replaced. This is an F-150 that has about 127,000 miles on it. Or I can go towards getting a new vehicle and the one that I'm currently, let me, maybe I have a lot of numbers that I've just been working through, but let me just give some details.


But it's the exact same vehicle, exact same model. The only difference is it's a brand new year considering the down payment that I would make and the vehicle trade in value that I got from a dealership comes out to about $25,000 going in the vehicle price it is at quoted at is about $40,000. And the current a PR rate is 1.9% over 60 months. So ballpark, that's $15,000. You wanna go buy a brand new truck? Is that what you said? Yeah, I'm considering either buying a brand new truck versus getting, dude, you're Broke. You don't buy a brand new truck when you're broke.


No. Okay. Okay. This, this, this 2018 if it was running is worth what? 2018? I mean if it was worth running, I mean it's, if it was running it's 10,000, 11,000 ballpark. Yeah. So that's what you get. You got a $20,000 or 10,000 truck, you got notes on this truck, right? Fully paid off. Okay. And, and so you want to use this as an excuse to do something stupid and go in debt and buy a truck you can't afford? No. How much money do you have saved up? About 20,000 saved up. And What's your income? 95,000 a year.


Okay. Yeah. And is that 20,000 you have saved? Does that include your emergency fund or is this just your car savings fund is 20 grand. That's emergency fund 20,000. Okay. Buying a new car is not an emergency honey, by definition it's a Bryce wants a new truck is what this is. That is true. There's no emergency here. Alright, so let's, let's backtrack a little bit. If you, if you get a different car, you need to get about a 10,000 car that you can pay cash for. Okay? Okay. That, that, that's the wise thing to do in your situation because car payments are a mathematical ball and chain that will 100% cause you to not build wealth and stay middle class the rest of your life.


Okay? If you invest into a good mutual fund, what you were getting ready to put put into that truck, you'll be wealthy. Okay? That, that's what I want you to do. And I, I, I'm not against a truck. I got a nice truck. I drove a nice truck to work today. Alright? Yeah. Yeah. So I, I know, I know. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's not the point. Now let's backtrack on one other thing too. $15,000 for a new engine in that truck is as a nine, somebody's running you up a flag. So you need to look at a couple of other things. Number one, I want you to hit two more good mechanics and I want you to consider two possibilities to fix the truck before you make the decision to get rid of it. Number one possibility is buy a salvage engine from a junkyard on a truck that was totaled, but the engine's perfect and the engine has 10,000, 15,000 miles on it.


And you can buy that from pennies of what you're talking about or do something like a, a factory rebuilt motor, not a brand new motor like a Jasper brand as an example. They rebuilt them and it's half of what you're talking about. So you do not need a brand new engine in a 2018. That's asinine fix. That's a bad repair. So you need a used engine or a rebuilt engine in a 2018, then you decide if you're gonna keep it or not. No new trucks. Bryce. If you wanna be rich, this is The Ramsey Show.


You know, I love when I get to talk about this Each year during the holidays, as in years past this December, Xandr is donating 25% of all ID theft protection sales to Team Rubicon, an amazing veteran led disaster relief organization that brings assistance across the country after major disasters and storms. These guys do incredible work on the ground, helping those in immediate need and have a huge impact in helping people get on the road to recovery. Xandr has contributed over a half a million dollars to worthy causes like this every December. Listen, ID Theft is a reality. And being protected has just become a necessity even for our kids. Their plan bundles together. All the protections you need while being the best value out there. It's the only plan I've ever recommended and you can give it as a gift. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. There's no better way to protect yourself, your family, while helping others in serious need. That's xandr.com or 803 5 6 42 82.


George Kamel RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Bill is with us in San Diego. Hi Bill, how are you? Bill? Hello, bill here. Hey, how are you? How can we help? I am good, how are you? Good. How can we help today sir? Alright, so my wife And I combined, we make about five to $600,000 a year, but we still somehow are unable to save as much as I believe we should say. So I, you know, so that's my problem. I mean our monthly expenses are about $30,000 a month and you know, then add taxes to that.


So we pretty much even out every year And I believe when we make five to 600,000 a year we should be able to save money. I would Agree. I think the $30,000 a month expense is your clue. How much of that is debt payments? Well, it's on two properties. One is primary residence and one is an investment property and the debt payments on the mortgage are added to about to a thousand dollars a month. Yeah. Why do you need $18,000 a month to run your household? Well about eight to $9,000 go to charity for a good cause.


And then the rest, like I would say about $10,000 is for groceries, utilities for the car payment and a little bit for, you know, towards Why do you have car payments when you make $600,000 a year? Say that again? Why would you have a car payment when you make $600,000 a year? Well we, one of the car is paid off or the other one it's a lease. So we make about $750 a month for that one. We have a bigger family, five people. So you know, it's a relatively bigger SUV Well, which you could have written a check and purchased and should have instead of leasing and renting your car for $700 a month.


Well, okay, so yeah, you're giving away a hundred thousand dollars a year in that $30,000 a month budget. You said eight to $10,000. So there's where a hundred thousand dollars of it goes, right? Yeah. Easy. Yeah, it could be more than that. A hundred, 220. Yeah. Okay. And you know, and you've got a car payment Yes. In which we would not have. And what do you guys do for a living? I own a business and my wife works with a, with a company.


She makes about hundred thousand and the rest of my income and I, I own a service business, service based business. Okay. Alright. The way you're discussing this, the language you're using is very general. It's not precise about the numbers, which tells me you're kind of just throwing this over there and then just shocked that it disappeared. So if I woke up in your shoes, you've got a level of disgust says this is not okay, is what you're saying. We make this kind of money, we shouldn't have no money, we shouldn't have a car payment when we make 600 grand.


We should have just bought the car. Then what I would do is simply do a detailed budget with your spouse and come into agreement of what we want to give, what we want to save and what we want to spend and what we want to spend it on. And every month before the month begins, EveryDollar has an assignment. Exactly. But it kind of feels like Bill, I went through a period of time in my life where I thought I could out earn my stupidity, my lack of organization, my lack of detail. And you can't, if you had a person working in your business that was managing a section of your business as poorly as you are managing your finances, you would fire them for incompetence.


And so you gotta kind of treat it that way from an emotional standpoint and do a detailed budget. And it's funny, Dave, as people make more, especially people who are good at making money, like bill's good at making money, you're good at making money, you think you can just solve the problem by, well I'll just make more money as long as we don't overdraft, we're doing okay. Yeah. But when you do that budget, you'll realize if this was a business, you'd go, we are wasting a lot of money in this business. We could be doing a lot better if we cut the spending, get out of this debt, we might need to sell this investment property. It's not a blessing right now. Might need to downshift some of our giving a little bit until we get back on track. So that's the kinds of things you would, the levers would be pulling if this was a business, you need to treat your household the same way. Yeah. Every, you know, you need to detail it out and then stick to it.


And both of you, you and your wife have an agreement, you're both looking at it, you're not bringing it in, slapping it down on the table and declaring I have done a budget, you people will live on it. That won't work. No, you get your wife involved in the disgust. It's not okay that we make this much money and we have no money. It's not okay that we make this much money and we don't invest. So generosity is awesome. Investing is amazing. Enjoying money. Yes you should all three things, but very, very, very, very, very, very intentional. And right now you're not intentional. You're kind of throwing a bale of dollars over the fence and then coming back to see what's left later.


Mm. And after the family devours it. And so it may be your downshift, your giving, your giving's pretty heavy. I'm not against generosity in any form. I tell folks to do it all the time. But if you're doing zero investing and you're giving 20%, you may need to adjust that at least temporarily. But I think you got some lifestyle issues and I think you guys just kind of walk around and do whatever you want 'cause you're making enough money. And I think if you'll just actually pay attention and say, no, we're not doing that. No, that's crazy. That that's a, that's a we we're spending what on that? Yeah. Yeah. And you start actually telling the money what to do.


You'll very naturally tighten this up a little bit. Dane is in Houston, Texas. Hi Dane, how are you? Hey, I'm doing good Mr. Ranching. How about yourself? Better than I deserve. What's up? Alright, so me and my wife, I'm the only one that works out of the family. We got two kids, only debt we have is our house. We owe about $141,000 on it. And we were gonna continue paying towards the house and paying it off sooner. But we were wondering, should we sell the house and move farther in wind away from Galveston Bay? So our insurance ain't so expensive. My flood insurance is about 3000 a year.


Homeowners with fires about 2000 and my windstorms around 1500. So we sell the house that we have a 2.7% interest on and move farther in for a more expensive house with a higher interest rate or stay. Well in a sense you have a high interest rate now because you have a hurricane tax. That's true In a sense because of the location of the property. Yes sir. You know, I I It's causing you pain. I can you it is causing which cause you ask the question. What? I mean the only thing wrong with moving is that you're gonna not gonna get the same rate next time.


Well whoop you up when rates come down, you can refinance. We bought, we marry the house, we date the rate. So rates are temporary. Yes sir. And if you're gonna pay, pay this thing off in the next few years, if it's at one 40 and you go, we're gonna aggressively get this thing down to zero in the next five years, the interest rate's not gonna matter that much. Right? Yeah. We planned on paying the house off that we're in now within the next five to 10 years. Yeah. And if you bought one the similar price range, you could do the same thing but you didn't have all the insurance cost. Right. So I wouldn't go just upgrade in house and get a way more expensive house and get a way bigger mortgage. No, just to get out this tax And insurance situation's, It's not necessary. Yeah. Buy a similar price range if your payment goes up a little. So what? But I'd buy similar price range and make the move.


Here's the way, the best way to handle this sometimes is look out 10 years, 20 years and say, where do I want to be? Okay. If you, if you have this house paid for 20 years from now, what is that insurance cost going to do? It's gonna go up every year. Yes sir. Or it's even going be worse. It's gonna be like Florida. It's gonna be hard to get at all. Right, right. And this and the house is gonna go on up in value. There's no question about that. But you live in this constant, you're in a storm zone is what it amounts to. So 10 years from now, if you move inland and you pay it off, you're gonna have more normal taxes, more normal insurance.


And you're gonna see a appreciation just as well. So where do you wanna live 10 years from today with a paid for house? That'll answer your question. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, I'm excited to talk about a new sponsor. Burna. You all probably know I'm a gun guy, but I'm big on safety. So I'm also a burna guy. Burna is the un gunn a less lethal option that protects you in more ways than one. A burna is effective self-defense when you need it. It also helps protect your assets from lawsuits if you have no choice but to use force. Because a burna pistol immobilizes attackers without fatal harm. I have several Burna pistols And I love them. In fact, I had a burna before they started advertising with us. They're easy to use with no recoil and no noise reduction needed. They're legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped right to your door and you can train with a burna right in your backyard. Plus our listeners can get the RAMSEY Burna bundle for 10% off, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off for RAMSEY fans. See why Berna has more than 15,005 star reviews. Just go to burna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave


George Kamel RAMSEY personality is my co-host. Abby is in Des Moines, Iowa. Hi Abby, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Happy to be here. Good to have you. How can we help? Well, I need help with this credit card situation. That's a part of a bigger problem. But my husband And I separated about three months ago, two months ago we stopped paying credit cards And I just found out that before they go into collections that we might wanna start paying them again.


We just owe so much. We just have been overwhelmed and have not had good advice. So that's why I called you. You're currently still separated? Yes. Why? Well, we were working together and his construction business and let's just say like everything came crashing down. His anger and my not feeling safe from like past trauma all happened at once. I moved out to my cousin's house and when I came back home he had moved back to his home state and we're talking, we're having weekly finance meetings And I believe God will restore our marriage but we've got a lot to work through.


A big part of it is Finance. He, he shut his construction business down and moved away While we were at the end of a really long project from not heaven, He shut his construction business down and moved away. Yeah. And how are, are you working? I am now, yes. What do you make? Well I'm working three part-time jobs now. Just got offered a full-time job. So right now I'm making like maybe 2000 a month and I'll be making like five, five or six here in January.


Good, good for you. Okay. Thank you. And hmm. And so you're gonna get your own place, you're currently living with your cousin but you're gonna, or is that right? I'm kind of couch surfing. Yeah, but I mean if you're making five grand a month, you're not anymore, right? Well the thing is is my credit just went from like seven 50 to the 500. So I don't even think I can get a place. Oh I think you can like A rental. You think so? Sure. Okay. You're making five grand a month. Yeah. And you need to, well In January You need to, you don't need to be homeless and divorcing and broke you.


We need to get some, you know, get a stabilized situation where you're safe and you have a, a home of some sort, a little one bedroom studio apartment. It doesn't have to be anything fancy but get some stability. And then you've got five grand minus rent, minus electricity, minus food to work with towards your debt. And now we've got a, now we've got a thing we can project into the future. Does that make sense? Couch surfing doesn't project into the future. No, No, that's what I'm saying. So how much credit card debt do you have? Let me look at my spreadsheet. And is your name on all the cards along with him? Yep.


42,000. 42,000. And what's the plan for you guys to pay this off since you're separated right now? Have you talked about that? Is it equal split? We're talking payments or what? Yeah, we're talking about it and the tox has been like 50 50. But the other major debt is owing subcontractors. And so that's where we've struggled. Like who do we pay first or how do we even like make a plan. So when he closed his in his construction company, he was not profitable. Well If he didn't pay his subcontractors honey, he wasn't making a profit.


Okay. Unless he has a pile of cash somewhere. No. Okay. If he has no money and he still has bills outstanding, that means he lost money on the deal. Right? Right. Yeah. Did he just blow the money and never paid his, the crew? How much do you, how much does he owe subs? He owes Robs 30,000. Alright, so here, here, here's what you need to do. Alright? Do, do you have a car payment also? I do, but my car just, I owe five, it's worth five. The repair is seven. And where I'm considering moving, I can get everywhere around on a bike 'cause it's warm enough all year.


So I'm like, I might sell it. Wait a minute, you, where would you move this warm if you have a $5,000 a month job starting next month. So that's where I would be moving to the job. Why Would you consider you are doing it? You don't have to consider moving. No, you're going. Oh, okay. Thank you. Yeah, no, I mean you take the 5,000 job, where is it? North Carolina. Okay. Coastal. Why would you not do this? I am. I just, it hap this weekend I visited. I just got the offer talking more details this week. I've just been, yeah, Okay. Yeah, it's not really considering life.


I mean, you're couch surfing, working three part-time jobs, you have another option to move to North Carolina and have a $5,000 a month job. Yeah, you're going, you're broke. So you gotta get your life back. You gotta get control. You have, you have control of no variables right now. So this has gotta be you. The anxiety, the stress must be horrendous for you, honey. Yeah. Okay. So here's what we're gonna do. We're not gonna worry about the subs and we're not gonna worry about the credit cards right now. You need to get moved and you need to get into an apartment, a little one bedroom studio of some kind, something basic. And you need to figure out your transportation when you've got food, shelter, clothing, transportation and utilities covered.


Then we can talk about how to settle these credit cards. But you don't need to start making payments on them. You're broke and homeless and divorcing. We've gotta fix some of those things before we worry about stupid credit card. Okay? Okay. So just put those on the back shelf right now. They're not going anywhere. They'll, they'll definitely take money when you call 'em back six months from now or four months from now, then you decide what's going, you and your husband start talking and decide what's gonna happen with the marriage. If there is a divorce, you'll have to split these bills up some way or another, I don't know what And the divorce decree, the divorce judge will a approve your all's plan or tell you what the real plan is if he doesn't like yours.


And then you can go in and start working your way through this debt and you can probably settle it for pennies on the dollar. At that point. You're gonna be six months behind, but you don't need to be paying these bills while he sits at his cousin's house doing nothing. And while you're couch surfing. No, no, I wouldn't pay any of these bills until it's in an agreement of us getting back together or in an agreement of the divorce, how the divorce is gonna go down. One Of the, yeah, we're kind of in a storm mode and there's a lot of unknowns. Until you have an agreement one way or the other on this, you don't pay it. 'cause you're gonna be the only one paying it.


He's not Yeah, You're not gonna make much progress trying to do this on your own in the midst of this storm. Exactly. So just Pause until you got the next step. Whew. Yeah, that's exactly how it works. Well folks, we just launched a brand new tour, Dave Ramsey, that's me and Dr. John Delony are hitting the road, coming to a city near you. It's the Money and Relationships Tour. We're putting a new twist on these events before the event starts. You're gonna tell us the subjects you want us to talk about and we're gonna talk about those subjects that night. We're gonna custom build each one of these, Louisville, Kentucky, April 21, Durham, April 23, Atlanta 25, Phoenix, may five, Fort Worth, may seven, and Kansas City, may nine.


You're gonna laugh. You're gonna learn, you're gonna cry, you're gonna change your life. Come to one of these events, they're gonna be a lot of fun. It is the Money and Relationships Tour, Dr. John Delony and me, Dave Ramsey Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Check it out. Or if you're on YouTube or a podcast, click the link in the show notes and make sure you get out there. These are, these are gonna be really, really fun. They're selling like crazy by the way. Tickets are not super expensive. If you want something for a stocking stuffer for Christmas, just order this and print off the ticket and stick it in the stocking and that'll be a nice thing. Hey honey, look what we're Doing. And it's a gift that keeps on giving 'cause then you go, oh my gosh, I forgot we bought tickets to the event six months later, let's go.


Yeah, yeah. And they're selling really, really fast. So if you want to go, you probably need to go and get your tickets or you'll get that other thing called fomo. This is The


Ramsey Show. Okay, here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy plan. Request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Forsyth Fund Services LLC


George Kamel. RAMSEY Personality is my cohost today.


Today's RAMSEY show. Question of the day is sponsored by why refi When you're trapped in a maze of defaulted private student loan debt, it's hard to find your way out. But why refi can offer you a lifeline with custom refinancing based on your ability to pay and a lump sum payoff option that you could qualify for at a discount after 24 months. Go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in Allstate.


Today's question comes from Carl in Wisconsin. My wife And I are looking for guidance on how to best allocate our investment funds. I'm 50 and self-employed, she's 35, currently a stay at home mom and has an IRA that was rolled over from her previous employer. We're wondering if it makes sense to max out both of our IRAs or if we should just focus on my IIRA and invest the rest in a non-retirement account. Could you give us some advice on the best strategy to balance our retirement planning in other investment goals? A lot more details I'd love to know here, but let's, I guess we can assume they're in baby step four. They don't have debt and they have an emergency fund. Fair assumption here. Fair assumption. Okay, so he's, they both have access to the IRAI would love for them to be investing on the Roth side and 15% of your gross household income is what you want be investing.


So if it's a hundred grand household, we would be investing $15,000 total. So she's got an IRA, you've got an IRA. He's saying well should we just focus on mine and do the rest in a non-retirement? I would rather you take advantage of those retirement accounts, which means maxing out both IRAs if you can before moving to a non-retirement taxable account. And then focus on getting your house paid off so that by the time you hit retirement and she hasn't, you know you're 50 so you got nine and a half years, 50 to nine and a half, right To start withdrawals without any penalties. By the time you get there nine and a half years from now, you have a paid four house and somewhere along the line you might look up and do some non-retirement.


But right now you need to be putting 15% in Roths. That's simple and good growth stock mutual funds. I agree George. So people say Dave, you know, well Dave, is it 15% of my income and 15% of her income? How do you go about splitting what goes where? Absolutely. Is it just, you know, we both do 15%. Yeah And that becomes 15% of her household. It's 15% of the whole household. Yeah. So you add everybody's income up times 15% and somewhere that number has to go. So in your case it's like she in her, in this case she's stay-at-home mom. So it's one household, one income and she Can do a spousal Roth IRA. Yeah. So go ahead and fund That. You, you fully fund two individual roths. But if you're working and you got a Roth 401k two, whatever you gotta do to get to 15%.


If you can't get to 15% and you've maxed out everything, then you would do some non-retirement 'cause it's your only other option. But do we not take advantage of a Roth and do some non-retirement option because of this age differentiation? No. No. Absolutely not. Wouldn't do that. Jamal is with us in Washington, DC Hey Jamal, what's up? Hey. Hi Dave. How are you doing? Better than I deserve man. How can I help? I'm new to the country. I'm 25 married when my wife, she's 22. Very young. I came two years and a half ago from Italy and between things that happened throughout like our engagement, this and that and like my lawyer payment for the green card, we wrecked up around $10,000 in debt.


She has her student loan that would not kick in until like 2026, which is like around 30,000. I'm a very hardworking And I hate debt. I just picked up your book. I'm already on page 40, So I just wanted to know how to get, get out of the situation to start like bumping more cash flow into our pockets and make sure that everything goes well from now on. Is she also from Italy? No, she's an American citizen. She's born here in DC. Okay. I think I would just begin a marriage conversation about what our dream is. What's our dream? We Had that. We had that. And she has, she came from money and her idea is like people have debt.


She never got like very educated on money. So it was always given to her. So like people have debt, it's normal. That will be fine. And I just hate that idea. I don't want to owe anybody anything. I didn't owe anything. Wait, minute, minute growing up. Wait minute, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop. That's not a dream. People always have debt and I'll always have debt. That's not a dream. That's a hope. Exactly. That's a hopeless person. That's not a dreaming person. Exactly. I hate debt And I try all, that's Not the point. Why is it you hate debt? You hate debt? 'cause you don't want to steal your life. 'cause you wanna be able to bill wealth so you can be outrageously generous and have a wonderful life. Yes. That's the dream.


Not we're always gonna have a car payment. That's not a dream. That's a surrender. My dream always to my dream honestly, is to give my kids what I didn't have chance. Yeah, but you led the conversation with your young wife, your young self by saying, I hate debt. That was your dream. That's not a dream either. I hate debt because it steals my dream. Now what is your dream? I wanna be a multimillionaire And I wanna be outrageously generous And I wanna be able to change our family tree. I came to this country, the country of opportunity for that reason. I want to go big. That's my dream.


Not, I hate debt. You see the difference? Yeah. She says debt's always gonna be here. You say, I hate debt. And this is what you discussed when you're trying to have a dream. That's not a dream. Neither one of those are a dream. And you're not gonna get very far with just saying I hate that. And So I, Dave said, it's not working this, the point is it's not, it's not persuasive. You need to cast a vision and that's what Dave's saying you need to do for your own marriage. Sit down with her maybe a dream date and go, here's where we want to be. We want to be debt free millionaires. I'm an immigrant. I want a different future for our kids. Is that what you want? When you know we're 20, when I'm 35, I wanna be worth $2 million, have no debt and be able to give money away and change our family tree and send our kids to school with zero debt.


'cause you're sitting here with looking at 30,000 worth of debt. 'cause your family didn't have a big dream, they had a crummy vision. I don't wanna live like that. I wanna live big and get our on board with that. Then you say, okay, how do we get to be? What's The best way To do that? 35 and a multimillionaire. Oh, we get outta debt. Oh, we increase our income. Oh, we watch our spending. Oh, we're generous in our current world. All of that. That's how it works. Jordan is in Salem, Oregon. Hi Jordan, how are you? Hi, I'm well, thank you. Good. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? I was wondering if compound interest still works the same across multiple accounts as it does in one account Exactly the same.


If they're invested the same, then yes. Okay. Okay. If if you're earning, hey, you can do the math. If you're earning 10% and you have $100,000, 10% would be $10,000. Does that sound right? Yes. If you had a single account that was only $10,000 and you had 10 of those, 10% on $10,000 would be $1,000. Does that sound right? Yes. If there were 10 of those, that'd be $10,000, right? Yes, it's exactly the same as if it was one lump. Okay. You see how I did that?


I do. I like, I like to hear that. Okay. Some people call him a genius. I call him my boss. Oh, That that, well I saw that video where if you have a hundred thousand dollars, it starts to grow exponentially. So then I was like, oh, we're really close to that. But it's all spread out. So does that still apply to us? Absolutely. Now, now George George's point earlier makes a lot of difference. That's assuming they're all invested at exactly the same rate. So if it's spread out on a bunch of different mutual funds and some of 'em are underperforming, then that's, that's a problem. But that's not a compound interest equation problem. That's an investing problem. An Allocation issue. Yeah. So if I've got 10 different mutual funds and they all earn, they all grow at a 10% rate.


That's the same as having one mutual fund that grows at a 10% rate to Georgia's point earlier. But if you Add it all up in one nest egg and everything's invested equally, it's gonna grow at the same rate. Exactly. Exact same rate. So yes, if you've got a hundred thousand total across a bunch of accounts, you got a hundred thousand growing for you. That's awesome. Yeah. Very good for you. Good question. You're gonna be great. And by the way, rule of 70 twos tells us if you divide an interest rate into the number 72, it tells you how many years it takes for it to double for a lump sum. So a hundred thousand dollars at 10%, 10 into 72 will be 7.2 years to double. So if you got a hundred thousand bucks and you're invested at 10% in seven years, you'll have 200,000 in 14 years, you'll have 400,000 in 21 years, you'll have 800,000 in 28 years.


I mean, yeah, 28 years. I'm doing this quickly. It'll you, you'll have what? 1.6. 1.6. Yeah. So I told you he's a genius 30 years from now. So that, that, that's how you can start to run the numbers out in your head pretty quick and go, yes, this is all worth doing, boys and girls. And Very little of that money was the money you put in Compound growth, did the heavy lifting And 90% of what's in your account at retirement. If you start now, boys and girls will be growth. Not money you put in. This is The Ramsey Show.


Remember the good old days of the internet before it was a privacy nightmare filled with spammer, scammers, hackers, and fraudsters. Simpler times. Now I don't have a time machine, but I do have the next best thing. Delete me. Think of delete me as your online bodyguard, helping to protect you from the risks of online scams and data breaches. Here's how they do it. They scour the web to find and remove your data from these sketchy data broker websites. And this includes your name, your phone number, your email, your address and more And delete me. We'll send you a detailed report of what they did and how much time they've saved you and they've saved me 66 hours so far, which is more time I can spend trying to nail the wordle of the day on the first try. Delete Me has been around for over a decade and they now have over a hundred million data removals, which explains why they have a mountain of rave reviews and an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. It's been great for my family And I love getting fewer targeted ads, fewer spam techs, and fewer creepy robocalls. So this holiday season, share peace of mind by gifting a delete me subscription to someone you love or even just like their individual plans. Start at just nine bucks a month and you can sign up today@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY for 20% off. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author of Breaking Free from Broke host of the George Kamel Show on YouTube, on the RAMSEY networks and of course RAMSEY personality. He's my co-host today, Christopher is in Richmond, Virginia. Hi Christopher, how are you? Hello, Mr. RAMSEY. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I I, I've heard you yell at quite a few people about whole life policies.


I I have a universal life policy and when I started hearing how terrible the whole life's where I looked into it, And I don't think it has all the same bad things to it their whole life does. Like the cash value doesn't go away when I die. Yes, it does with the policy. Yes, it does. I I called, I called the company and asked them. They said, no, it does not. Yes it does. Well, they sometimes claim they can set it up in such a way in a, in very few policy. Do You have a universal B or A? I think so. What I I I don't know if it's A or B. Okay. A, B, but they assured me universal B works like this. You pay, let, let's say you bought a hundred thousand dollars policy and you build up a $20,000 cash value.


Okay? Universal B charges you for $120,000, the face value plus the cash value worth of insurance. So you're purchasing extra insurance that makes it look like you get the cash value upon death, but you don't. You're just buying more insurance and B, that's all that you're doing. The equivalent of the cash value amount. The cash value amount in 100% of the universal policies disappears at death 100% of the time. Okay. The other thing was that whole is It's how they structured, it's how they structured what The other thing you said was that whole is 20 times as expensive And I just did some comp shopping and my universal policy is about the same exact the amount it would cost me to get term right now.


I've had it for a while, but, Well, there's one of two possibilities there, right there. One is you did your comp shopping with the same stupid company that sold you the universal, and they generally have very expensive term. If you go to Xandr Insurance and comp shop, you'll probably find it to be a lot less because they're shopping among a bunch of different companies that specialize in term and it's much, much cheaper. The other possibility is universal life works like this. The premium go that the portion of your premium that you're paying monthly, that buys your life insurance goes up every year. Your premium stays the same.


But let's say that, let's just make up a number. Let's say your premium's a hundred dollars and the first time, the first year you bought it, you were 26 and your, and of the a hundred dollars, $10 went to insurance cost and $90 went to the investment. Later on, as you get older, the amount going towards insurance goes up, okay? Because every year you're older, you're more likely to die. And so what can happen with a universal policy that can't, that's worse than whole life even is the lines can cross and actually the insurance cost becomes more than the premium.


And they'll start using part of your cash value to cover the insurance cost because you're upside down in the policy. And then that, that thing will, it'll actually disappear. It'll actually deteriorate kill itself. It turns in on itself mathematically. So what's happening is that you were doing more investing in the old days and now almost all of your premium is simply buying insurance. Now, in the term insurance world, Christopher, there's a thing. There's term life insurance, which means the length of the term. So you can buy a one year term, a five year term, a 10 year term, a 15, a 20, a 30 year term. And if it's level term, the poll, the premium stays level throughout that period of time, which is an average of all the years before Pure insurance, technically speaking would be annually renewable.


Once a year, the co the insurance premium goes up because you get older and every year you're older, you're more likely to die percentage wise. Does that make sense? So an a RT is what that's called a, an annual renewable term. And the cost of insurance goes up every single year. It's not level when you buy an A RT. And that's what's built into the universal policy is an A RT. And, and so the universal go, the cost of insurance, more of your premium is going to insurance every single year, thereby less is going to the investment. And that may, if you've had it for many years now you're just buying insurance.


You're not putting anything into investment or worse, you're not even covering the cost of the insurance. And they're using up some of your investment to cover the difference because you've, the, the, you've crossed the lines on it. And if that's the case, then that would also explain why you find term insurance to be about the same cost. 'cause really all you've got now, honey, is term insurance because the a RT is RA raised in price every year and caught up with the actual premium that you've been paying. Whew. I'm dizzy. It's Exhausting. It's, and here's the thing. Most I've never heard of someone who isn't selling insurance, say their whole life or universal is good, it's only coming from the salespeople. And so the people that get swindled by this, it's usually from a friend who explained to them, the wealthy do this, they invest through their insurance policy and you can borrow against your own money tax free.


And they explain all these crazy loophole, quote, quote, quote unquote advantages. So in the financial planning realm, fee-based financial planners, investment advisors, like our smart investor pros, anywhere you go to for financial planning help, the only people that tell you to buy cash value insurance are people that sell it. No one else tells you to do it. No one in the entire, the rest of the financial world looks at it and goes, buy inexpensive term insurance, 10, 15, 20 year level term and do your investing anywhere else.


Don't put it in this crap because of what ends up happening. See, let's go back and revisit the barrel of fish. I just unpacked a minute because it's frustrating as crud. When you were 26 and you bought that a hundred dollars premium, I was talking about a minute ago, And I made that number up, okay, you bought that because you wanted some insurance and because you wanted some investments. And the irony is that the rising cost of insurance through the years eats up all of your premium so that the very reason you bought it, instead of buying term was to have an investment. And it doesn't occur, The longer you hang onto it, the higher chance it will implode on itself.


Yeah, It eats, it eats itself out. And so the very reason that you did it is systematically, annually disappearing. That's the irony of how bad this is. It just sucks. And with Universal, there's flexible premiums. But here's the the thing, if it's not enough to cover the insurance, they take it from your cash value. Yeah. So you're not winning. Yeah, they always win. And again, the insurance is gonna go up every single year because it's the, the equivalent of an A RT built in. Now, the truth is, on a 15 year fixed level payment, right, you're paying more in the early days than you would for an A RT.


'cause all the 15 year is, is the average of the a RT, but less because Aarts have low persistence, very few people keep them and they drop 'em. 'cause they go up every year and they get, oh God, I gotta get out of this thing. But they keep the 15, so it's cheaper for the insurance company to run the 15. So they give you a break. So it's less than the average of 15 aarts. And it's simpler to manage. There's no investments in cash value to deal With, but you're still paying it. You're still paying for the coverage. This is The Ramsey Show.


You want to leave happy memories for your loved ones when you pass away, not a mess. Your family will be grieving. So don't make them spend days trying to access your computer or sift through drawers full of junk. That's why you need a Knock Box. Knock Box is a complete home organization system and estate planning tool that helps you organize all of your accounts, personal history, wills, estate planning documents, and all other info in one place. Inside each kit are 15 categories, covering everything from life insurance policies and funeral plans to your dog's vet, and the code for your storage unit across town. And the best thing about your Knock Box is the checklist that tell you everything to add to each folder. So your loved ones won't have to guess where things are. So if you have a household, you need a Knock Box and you can get organized in time for the holidays by visiting Knock Box dot com slash RAMSEY, that's n ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz, and guess what? It's my favorite time of year. The lights, the music, the decorations. I mean, I Love it all. And as a natural spender like myself, it's really easy to overspend And I wanna do all the things and give my family the kind of holidays they'll always remember. And at the same time, I don't wanna look back at my bank account in January and think, oh, what did I do? So that's why I use the EveryDollar budgeting app. It helps me plan for all of my spending, and that's what a budget is. Then once I have my plan in place, I don't have to worry about overspending. I am free to spend guilt free and have fun doing it. Plus, with EveryDollar, you can customize your budget however you want. So whether it's buying gifts, hosting dinners, or even turning your living room into a winter Wonderland, EveryDollar helps you plan for it all. So you guys go out and create some great holiday memories with your family without the stress of overspending. Download the EveryDollar app for free today. Go download it today.


Well, Christmas is right around the corner, and if you're shopping for yourself or you're looking for the perfect gift to help someone get their money in order, now's the time to shop and get up to 30% off on our bestselling products. The Total Money Makeover is 30% off building a non-anxious life is 30% off. And Georgia's number one bestseller, breaking Free from Broke is even on sale. So check it out, including the classic questions for humans. Card decks from Dr. John Delony, for couples friends and parents, 12 bucks. All at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or click the link in the description on YouTube or podcast.


Nicole is with us in Denver. Hi Nicole, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, good afternoon. I wanted to ask you about prenups. I'm very recently engaged and I'm walking into this marriage with about a $400,000 Schwab investment account. Hmm. Okay. How old are you? 30. How long have y'all been dating? Three Years. Okay. My fiance And I are in very different financial situations. He doesn't have much of a savings account. The reason I have this investment account, my father passed away, left me quite a bit of money and my mother has helped grow this account to a significant amount.


So By adding to it, I don dunno if that's something by adding to it and investing and and things like that. Well, my money that she has invested, very smart lady, but I don't know what I should do with that account or if I should bring it to the marriage or not. Okay. When I first started doing this show 35 years ago, I told someone that if you need a prenup, you don't need to get married. If you can't trust them with $400,000, you don't need to trust them with your life. Right. And I don't wanna come into this marriage feeling as though I'm harboring a resentment or being perceived as non-committal or anything like that.


The reason I ask you two reasons, I, I feel like this account is not mine. I think it would be set up for me in case of an emergency. I have a significant health condition that may run. Why is it not yours? You told me it was hers just because My it is, but because my mother has grown it so significantly. Okay. Are you, are you going to stay married to your mother or are you gonna marry him? No, I'm marrying him. Okay. Then maybe it's time to be married to him and not your mother and you and him manage your health condition and your future and your money for the good of you and him and the next 40 years of your life. 50 years of your life.


We're managing that together. It's very sweet that mom has been helpful, but her days of controlling your life at 30 years old, you're a grown woman, are over. Sure. So now that changes it. So I It does. So I, I I, I would want to share every bit of my life. It, if you're gonna get married, you gotta go all in. Okay. Okay. And, and that's what you asked. That's my opinion. And that's my opinion. I would tell you to do that. The only time I tell someone to get a prenup is if there is an extreme amount of wealth on one side. And 400 K is not extreme. But if you had, if you had $15 million and he had not a nickel, then I tell you to get a prenup then because, not because of him, but because of his crazy relatives.


The crazy relatives come outta the woodwork when you marry a rich woman, you know, and it's like, and, and so you, you control them with a prenup. You go, I can't do anything about it. I mean, it's not, I don't have any access to it, the prenup and it, it just shuts down the crazy relatives and sends them back to the cave they came out of. And so that, that's the only reason I do that is, is it gives you some relationship management stuff. And I'm trying to keep someone from getting just conned completely. But I don't think you're being conned. You've got three years in this re in this relationship. You're 30 years old, you're not a baby child, and you're not been, you know, we go, you know, I met him in Las Vegas two weeks ago.


And well, that's a whole different story. Right? That's not you, you're very precise. You're very wise. You're very, even you're very careful. Does he know about this account? He does. He doesn't know the exact amount that's in it. And I, I was also thinking maybe we would reserve this account for our children in the event that we did get a divorce. Well, let's talk about it. Sure. Let's talk about it. Let's say, Hey, if we, if something ever happened, I'm going to claim that I brought this money into the marriage. If you divorce me, and I'm gonna try to keep it, I'm gonna make sure you don't get it. But you don't need a prenup to do that in most states. In most states it was assets you own when you came in. But I, I think there's something to be said here for, it makes you think about, okay, are there parts of the way he handles money that you don't respect?


Well, see, that's a, that's a, that's a red flag. No, don't, that's something to be handled. A pre-marriage. Hmm. I see your point. Not at all. Just, we have different finances. So I don't know how to combine or, or not combine things. I wanna be smart. But what Well, when you say different, you don't mean He he's irresponsible and you're responsible. N no, he has quite a bit of student loans left. He just entered the workforce after being in the military and getting his doctorate degree. So he hasn't been working Cool. A doctorate in what? He is a chiropractor. Okay. So He is getting ready to start making some money. And He is got $200,000 in stinking student loans.


Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I would not wanna use the 400 to pay those in the next 30 seconds, but four or five years from now, I might use some of it to knock the rest of that out if you haven't knocked it out. But I think you guys need to roll up your sleeves and knock it out and then leave the 400 alone. That'd be a plan. That's a good plan. Yeah. But I, I, I, hopefully you can do that now. But if he's saying, oh, well I'm gonna be in debt for the next 30 years, just 'cause that's the way it is. If you're a chiropractor, that's a different discussion. That's not a prenup discussion. That's a I don't get married discussion. Yeah. If Your financial responsibility gets him to be lazy or entitled, that's a whole different discussion. He doesn't sound like lazy entitled though. He goes for him. He went and got his dead gun doctorate.


You know, he's Been working his tail off. So I, I hope I'd go into this with, with arms wide open right now. Unless you have reason not to be. Yep, yep. I eyes wide open and arms wide open. Yeah. Just Like Creed said. All in, all in all in all in. Leave it all on the field. Alright. Danielle's in Columbus, Ohio. Hi Danielle, how are you? Hello, Dave. So I am just stepping into the RAMSEY way. I'm about to start my budgeting And I now have a stable income of 42,000, which includes my housing and my food for at least half the year. I have side hustles, which I haven't calculated.


It's gonna be at least 15,000. I have 16,000 in credit card debt, seven in my car, and 35,000 in school loans. My question is, now that I have this new job, before previous to this, I was on Medicaid insurance and they're offering me health insurance, but I really don't wanna do it. It just seems too expensive. I'm 31 years old, I'm healthy. I just, you Don't qualify for Medicaid, honey, if you're working, Medicaid is welfare. Yeah, I know. So that's what I was before, but now I think, But you can't, you can't get it now. Exactly.


So I, So you have to have health insurance? I have to, Yeah. You'll go bankrupt. Okay. You have your appendix out and you know you're gonna get a, a $62,000 bill That'll bankrupt you. Okay. So you, I mean, it's just like car insurance. Just because you haven't had a wreck doesn't mean someone else is gonna hit you. Right. Okay. You can be a great driver and so you need health insurance now and always. And do you know how much it's gonna be? Is it $600 a month? Yeah, something like that. It's, I, we have, they're offering us United Healthcare.


I mean, you can shop around with our friends at Health Trusts Financial and see what the marketplace insurance would be versus the employers and see what's the better deal for you.


But it's a non-negotiable and it just has to go in your budget. And if other things have to be sacrificed because of that, then that's what you'll have to do for now. If they have four or five different plans under United and they probably do just take the cheap one and the higher deductible and all that kind of stuff, that's all fine. But, 'cause I'm not worried about a $5,000 or a $4,000 deductible, I'm worried about a $62,000 problem. The number one cause of bankruptcy in America is medical bills. Okay. So you have to guard against it. So Look for that hd HP, that's a high deductible health plan that'll come with an HSA, which is a great way to save for those health expenses.


And that'll be your best bet. Keep the premium low, but it'll transfer a little bit more risk to you with the deductible. Yep. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, Dave Ramsey here. I'm coming to a city near you with Dr. John Delony on the Money and Relationships Tour. This is a brand new event where you, the audience will get to vote Live From your seats and choose the things you want me and John to talk about. You'll be picking from over 20 topics that impact your life, like saving for the future, leaving a legacy, money, stress, and marriage, and so much more. We're getting real and digging in deep on the things that are important to you. And you never know what might happen when me and John get candid. It's an event unlike anything we've ever done before. And it's gonna be a whole lot of fun. We'll be kicking it off in Louisville on April 21st, 2025, and then stopping in Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth and Phoenix in April and May. Prices are the lowest they'll ever be right now, so don't wait. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Coming up December the 18th, one of your favorite shows our annual giving show. We take calls from folks who are proud of some giving that they did and wanna tell us the story or they are proud of some receiving that they did tell us this. Then they're gonna tell us stories that make our eyes leak December the 18th, our annual giving show. Don't miss it. Also, coming up at the end of this segment, we will jump the show over to The Ramsey Network app for the remaining portion of the Today's show. And The Ramsey Network app is a free download.


You can do that there anytime you want. And you get the entire show there plus audio video of everything. And you can search the show, you can send us emails in there. You can search the show by subject so you don't have to listen to 26 hours to find out what we say about whole life life insurance or whatever it is that we're harping on that day. So check it out. And if you're on radio, of course, stay tuned wherever we are on radio. We're still there on radio. And Thomas is in New York City. Hi Thomas, how are you? Hello gentlemen. I'm great. Thank you so much for taking the call. Sure. I just have a quick question. I don't know if I have to get into a lot of detail. I'll answer your questions. My mother's financial advisor has been trying to persuade her to buy something called structured notes Invest.


And I've looked into it, but I wanted to get your opinion on how that, if that's a good investment product versus, you know, buying a five or 10 year structured note or just taking that same amount of money and putting it into a, you know, a, a mutual fund that tracks the s and p 500 or something along those lines. Is that something you're familiar with or do you have an opinion on it though? Thank you. Yeah, don't do it. Don't do it. Okay. And I'm, I'm real. How old is your mother? My mother is 81. Okay. Alright. Here's the thing. A structured note is a bond propped up with a derivative. Okay. And the, here's the way bonds work.


If you buy a bond and a, and the interest rate on the face of the bond, you buy a $10,000 bond and it pays 3%. Okay. When interest rates go up above 3% to 6%, the $10,000 bond becomes worth less. Does that make sense? I see. Yes, I it does. And when the interest rates go down, the $10,000 bond becomes worth more than $10,000. Right. So in an inter, in a rising or high interest rate environment, you have a good chance of losing money on bonds.


They are not safer. The financial world has, I'll be kind, has mistakenly said that bonds are safer than equities and in general, they're not particularly in an interest rate environment that's as volatile as the one we're in right now. We don't know what interest rates are going to do in the next 12 months with a change in administration, with a change in move in the economy. I hope they come down, which would make her bonds in this case worth more. But the derivative portion of this is a high risk play. And why in the world he's putting her in a volatile instrument at 81 years old with a high risk play.


It just sounds weird to me. I I think that's, I think that's irresponsible. Well, my best guess it's high costs and fees that go to the financial advisor. Yeah. That's why I would choose that product if I was this guy, I go, well, I'm gonna make more money off this one. I'm putting her in a, but that's under mutual fund. Yeah. I, I Think that's my understanding that there is a high fee involved with that, with that particular product. Okay. Probably, I mean, we're not positive. We don't know that. We don't know which product he's got in front of her. But how long has he been taking care of her in quotes? God, a long time. Third or 20 some odd years. Yeah. And what is she invested in now? Do we know?


Well, she has a, a 401k that she, And I don't know exact what that is exactly. And she's just mutual funds And I don't know exactly what the mutual funds are. She's got mutual funds that she purchased through UBS and she's got mutual funds that she has in her 401k. She's got a combined net worth in by $400,000. Yeah, I think I would just stay right where she is. Just stay where she is. Just stay with the mutual funds. Yeah. Yeah. I might not stay with the financial advisor, but I'd stay right where she is. Yeah. Yeah, I know, I know. I, I, yeah, I know I was thinking about that myself, so, okay. Thank you. Thank you Thomas. We appreciate you calling open phones at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jill's in Dallas. Hi Jill, how are you?


Hi, I'm good. How are you guys? Better than I deserve. What's up? Okay, I just have a question because I am new to managing money. I was married for 15 years and recently finalized the divorce. I'd love your opinion. I don't know how much house I can afford or what would be wise to spend on a home. Are you out of debt? Yes, sir. Good. Okay. How old are you? I'm 40. How long were you married? 15 years. I'm sorry's a hard time of year with a broken heart. Well, it's, it's all good. I just, it was a long time coming, but yeah.


Yeah, you're surviving but it's not all good. But yeah. Okay. I'm sorry you've been through this. Thank you. All right. The, I mean, we teach folks to get their home paid off as fast as possible. And in that vein we have a standardized guideline that we use, which is super conservative for house payment. Okay. Well I have cash is what I'm wondering. Oh, how much spend, how much cash do you spend of it? So I have 1.2 million in mutual funds. You buried the lead there, Jill. Wow. Okay. You have 1.2 million in mutual funds and what else?


750 and a 401k. Okay. And my monthly income. What else for the next, well my monthly income for the next seven years will be 18,500. Was there a whole a, a family property that sold? When we got divorced I got money instead of property. Okay, good. Yeah, you did. And you'll be making over 200 grand a year. Yes. And you'll pay cash For this house Assuming he pays the bill? This is alimony and child support. Alimony is, yes. Is the 18 five, but I do have the 1.2 and the seven 50.


Yeah. And, and is he in good shape financially? Can we count on this 18 five? Yes. Alright. Are you going to develop a career or what's your plan? Well, 17 of that is alimony. I make a tiny bit, just a part-time job. I have two kids. How old are your kids? They are 14 and 11. Okay. So what are you going to do with the next 10 years of your life? I really don't know. Okay. I am a teacher by trade and Oklahoma. It doesn't make any money, so. Okay. Well it doesn't mean you don't get the alimony if you went into this classroom, right?


Right. No. Okay. Alright. Just as a part of your healing, I want you to have the dignity of making some money somewhere down the line. You don't need it, but it's, it's gonna be good for you to feel that, that you are sustaining yourself in addition to all this money. Okay. Okay. Now how much of the 1.2 are you thinking about spending on a house? Well, I don't know. I don't know what's wise. I No, I ask you, you, you've been thinking about it. This isn't your first rodeo. I mean, some days I think like 300,000 would be really modest and it'd be enough space for us. But then there's, I get kind of starry-eyed and there's pretty homes for 800,000.


So I don't really know. Yeah, okay. I just, my thing is I don't want to put myself in a predicament down the road that I think, oh my gosh, I bought too much house. I shouldn't have done that. Well, too much house would be a payment you can't afford. And that's not a problem. Okay. The house is gonna go up in value and if you ever wanna sell it, usually you can sell a house if it's a decent house. Right. You are not stuck in it. So if you pay cash for a $700,000 house and you wake up a few years later with regret, you could sell it. Okay. And then you still have 500,000 left over, plus 700,000 in a 401k plus $18,000 a month. Right.


I, it feels to me that's very safe to be in the 700 range. Okay. That's very safe. I just, Okay, thank you. I value your opinion a lot. Well, I mean, it needs, you need to work that math out and feel very safe about it. Not just, just 'cause Dave said so.


And work With a good agent. Jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent and start shopping around and see what you can get for that amount. And if you're happy with It, yeah, get a, get a real estate, one of our RAMSEY trusted real estate agents there that'll, they'll help you. They'll do a good job of helping you work through the decision making on this as well.


This is The Ramsey Show, Folks. The RAMSEY Christmas cash giveaway is here and you could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for Your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


If you like this show, help us out by sharing it, following us, subscribing, whatever the format is your listening allows you to do. Oh, and also you could leave a nice five star review. I mean, come on, be generous. We need your help. It helps spread the word by the way, when you do all of those things and you guys are spreading the word and we really, really appreciate you telling people it, telling people about us, especially when you tell people nice things about us. Thank you. Elliot is in Denver. Hi Elliot. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello. So I'm in a bit of a predicament with my kinda housing after the end of the year. I've been going to school or going to college on and off for the last like 18 months or so for meteorology.


But in between there I worked as a aircraft ramp agent, so like a, a a baggage handler at the airport here in Denver for six months at a barrel line that had high turnover. So I actually worked my way up all the way to where I was a supervisor, but I liked the work but I liked the work environment or not the things that I would do with the job, working with the, with the planes and stuff. But I didn't like the kind of business corporate environment of it. And So I decided to go back to school and that didn't quite work out as well as it as I thought it would. And so now I am no longer get getting any financial support for school from my parents, which was previously the, they were paying for my school and now I am being kind of told that I am expected to move out of their house at the at or around the end of the year.


And I don't really know what to do right now. I have like, wait A minute, things didn't out at school. What does that mean? I wasn't able to pass a math class that I was taking. Why? And because I, I wasn't good at the kind of managing time with the mainly like the homework assignments and Honestly probably do. Do you have a learning disability? No, I have like a DHD but I don't, I'm not sure if that's a learning disability or not, but Well That wouldn't keep you from passing a math class. Yeah. Why did you not do your lessons?


It's kind of getting distracted by things that I sh realize when looking back now I shouldn't have and You're so vague Stuff like I have no idea what the crap you're talking about. Are you telling me you've been drinking and smoking dope and partying and you're flunked out of school so your parents are throwing you out? I've never, I've never been, I've never been that kid. It's just, you know, finding it hard to hard motivationally sometimes to just like do work that, but I just, I have decided that like I'm not going back to school and Okay and you're moving in, so how can we help you? So was there, was there an agreement with your parents where they said, here's the deal, we're gonna pay for school and you're gonna go to class and pass and that will allow you to live here and we'll pay for school.


If not, here's what happens. Yes. If not, yes, that would, and now we're at the, if not, it Sounds like you agreed To this plan now, now you're moving, how can we help you? So I just am not sure like in terms of like with work, like getting a job here is, I'm able to do that but it, none, none of the jobs that I see that I can get would really pay for the, because the cost of living in Denver is so high. That Sounds like you can't afford to live in Denver. What were you making on the ramp job? I was making 2250 an hour. You can get a roommate in an apartment in Denver out on the, out on the edges of Denver towards the airport, which is not anywhere near Denver, but yeah.


Yeah. Move out of town, get an apartment with a roommate and making Three or four grand a, a month. Right. And then crank your, and then crank your hours up and work your butt off. You can make it Okay, But you need to, you need can you get back on over there? I, I think I could try or another similar operation like that. Yeah, Jump in man. For sure. Because that's a, that's a known quantity. I'm not saying you need to be doing that when you're 35, but for right now, that'll get some money coming in and let you get stabilized and get yourself established as an adult working on their own, paying their own bills, which is what your parents are demanding. And then you can reset and say, okay, while I'm doing this, what do I wanna study and how can I study it and start taking some night classes to go be something else.


But I would get my feet on the ground over there at the ramp, start throwing some bags, making some money, and I'd be working like 60, 80 hours a week. 'cause I'd be scared I'd be hungry. And you're gonna have to deal with this underlying problem of time management and responsibility. Lemme you being hungry is a motivator. You don't have to worry about being motivated, being homeless is a motivator. You, you wanna pay rent, you wanna pay having the lights cut off and it gets cold in that apartment because you didn't go to work. That's a motivator. You will suddenly be motivated. You don't need To look for motivation at that point. It'll be, it'll be finding you. It's called survival dude. It's called sustainability. And you, you know, you don't have the option of not being motivated when you need to eat and keep the lights on and not be homeless.


And so that's, that's what you're set up for and that's gonna be good for you. You're gonna, you're gonna learn some good things about Elliot, that Elliot can work and Elliot can stay on the job and Elliot can keep focused and Elliot can push through 'cause Elliot freaking has to now. And I I think it's gonna be wonderful for you. It's gonna be the best thing ever happened to you. Maybe I kinda like your parents. I think, I think they're pushing you outta the nest and saying fly little eagle Fly. Otherwise, like Dave says, you become a Turkey. Yeah. If you stay in the nest too long, eagles become turkeys. But the, that's Science. I don I can't explain it. It is science. It's definitely, it's evolution, you know. And so is it de-evolution? It's de-evolution.


Deescalation. Yeah. Fly a little Turkey fly. I mean, fly a little eagle fly, you're gonna be fine, but you're gonna have to get your butt in gear like yesterday. And if you can't get more than 40 hours at the airport next door, there's a place called UPS and they'll let you throw boxes. It's Christmas time. They desperately need your help over there. The Amazon warehouse that's out there in the middle of nowhere, this looming beacon of light for Americans purchasing things will hire, hire you in a heartbeat to work in their warehouse. Right now they are stepping infection. It's Christmas time. And so you, you, you're, you're not gonna have time to worry about motivation 'cause you're gonna be at work all the time.


That helps. I've, I found that when I'm distracted by work, I'm rarely bored And I'm rarely broke. That's a good combination. Yeah. My grandmother used to say, there's a great place to go when you're broke to work. So It's wisdom. You know, here, here's the thing. This could be the best thing that ever happened to you in your whole life. If you decide it is and, and you know, no excuses, no excuses. Go get it. Go get it. Open phones at triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Diane is in Phoenix. Hi Diane. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. I'm short on time. Go straight to your question. I hear you. I hear you today.


Thank you. I hope you guys are having a blessed day. I have an annuity question. My mother recently passed away. I'm the executor of the estate, the annuity, the beneficiary was my sister. Not a problem there. However, my question is, my mother, when the contract, the annuity came to her left fall and my 91-year-old mother had no idea what to do or what they were talking about or what they were asking her for. Had to make a choice of taking a lump sum or monthly payments for the next 10 years. Doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. She died. When she dies, the beneficiary gets a lump sum. Well, that's not what they're telling me and that's why I'm calling because Oh, by God, because they're God gonna get a lump sum.


Oh no, no. They, they don't have a choice. They're trying to con you. Absolutely. They do not have a choice. They're trying to get so what you can, you can elect to take payments, but you are not forced to stick with her contract. She died. The beneficiary gets a lump sum. Okay, what is my next step? Because they're, they're just telling me there's nothing I can do. I'm actually tell them there is So I can do, I'm gonna the insurance commission and file a complaint on you Crooks. There You go. That's what I needed to know Dave. And I'm, I'm walking into my lawyer's office right now as well to talk about this same subject. So yeah, thank you. I Really appreciate that. Absolutely bogus dadgum insurance people. So they, they love to get you on payments rather than giving out the money.


They don't want the money to leave them their control. And so they're like presenting two options and acting like you only have one. Nope. Now they will offer you payments option a contract again as a beneficiary. But never, you're not forced to take it and never take it. Time to get out of dodge for your sister. Anyway, take That lump sum, invest it. Yeah. And don't do something good with it. That's not leaving it with them. This is The Ramsey Show.


What up? What up? It's Dr. John Delony from The Dr. John Delony Show with some amazing news. The latest episode of United States of Anxiety is available right now exclusively on The Ramsey Network app. This docuseries follows real people from my show as they embark on a 90 day journey to transform their lives. And I personally walk alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. And don't forget to click the link in the show notes to download the app. What's up Kelsey? So I've lived with crippling anxiety for as long as I can remember. How do I stop it from constantly coming up in different areas of my life? What does crippling anxiety mean? Paint me a picture of that. All right, so you ready to jump in? I'm ready to jump in. We're gonna check in with Kelsey. 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. I cannot even function because I am just crying. My mom left us when I was four. I truly felt like for a while I had no family. She's Experiencing things that really hurt a long time ago. Tell me about this boy. He triggers me a lot. Scared of losing Paul, scared of doing the wrong thing. Scared of not being enough. It just feels like it would be exhausting to be Kelsey. It is. Whenever somebody's playing whack-a-mole with their anxiety, when it just keeps moving, that tells me the underlying system's not okay. How do I get my inner child out of this relationship? 'cause I feel like she's running the show. One of two people that's supposed to never leave took off. I was this, I was this burden. You Burden that's right to the one person who should carry it. All of it. Did you ever tell that little girl that it wasn't her fault? I don't know what to do. Do you either have to choose to let this guy love you or you gotta choose to let this guy go.