
From Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by my good friend, Rachel Cruz. And it's open phones this hour at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Help us help you take the right next step for your money and your life. Isaac is gonna kick us off and one of Rachel's favorite towns, Knoxville, Tennessee. Home of the Vols. What's up Isaac? Go Vols Isaac. Absolutely, go vol. Good to talk to y'all. A pleasure. What's going on? Yeah, so I'll start with the question then get some info on. My question is, should I liquidate some of my taxable investments to provide a larger down payment for our house?


And if so, how much? So I'll start with some info. We're on the equivalent of baby step three B. We've got the emergency fund, no debt. We live in a house. We're renting a house for about $500 a month. Wow. And it would not be super. Yeah, it's, it's quite a blessing. We're staying in my in-laws house. So great relationship there. thank you. That explains it. Wonderful. Yeah, yeah, definitely. So it would be not ideal to raise a child here. So we'd like to get into a home before we start down that path, but we are not sure if we should use my wife's perspective income. She's not working right now, she's looking for a job. Not sure if we should use her future salary to account for the 25% take home pay recommended for a monthly mortgage.


So we've got 55,000 in liquid cash between a high yield and a treasury and an additional 115 in those non-tax advantage investment accounts. Way to go. What Are those? What are those in Isaac? I'm just curious. Is it mutual funds? Stock? Yeah, various mutual funds, yeah. Okay. All right. And you're saying should I use this money for the down payment? I personally, yeah. What else were you saving this money for? Well it, it didn't really have any specific earmark past that And. we we're doing other tax advantage accounts like Roth IRAs, HSA, and employer Roth 401k Bit. So you're, are you investing 15% of your income right now into retirement accounts? Yeah, I think it's a maybe a little bit over when we're all said and done with Max those accounts, How much will you need for the down payment?


Well, in our area, 300,000 for a house is about the lower end. Anything less than that would require quite a bit of restoration. But in order to get that 25% of just my take home pay, 'cause we're not sure what she's gonna be making and if she'll be working long term or not. If we're able to have kids, we'd like for her to stay home if possible, looking at probably around a hundred thousand or more mark. But it's a little bit of just trying to convince myself that I see all that in the investment accounts and then well that's Put into Yeah, The problem when you, when you invest for no reason, then you go, oh, I don't want to use this toward the house. But if I told you when you started, hey, this is gonna be your home down payment fund, you'd have no problem cashing it out.


Yeah, that's good point. so I, If I'm in your shoes guys, that's good point. and I've done this 'cause our first town home was $300,000 And. we saved up And, we put, I think it was, you know, 40% down on that and paid the rest off quickly. I think you're gonna be in the same boat. Okay. So if you liquidate this, you might have some capital gains of course. Use some of the cash leave your emergency fund funds separate. And then if you could put down 50%, I mean, that'd be amazing. Yeah. and I think the reality that your wife is going to get a job. So finding on average what you think she's probably gonna make, I would add that to the equation. 'cause she, I mean what kinda line of work is she in? Well, she's got a master's in education, but we've decided for various reasons she's not gonna go back to teaching in like a middle school.


She is looking at a local university at, at ut possibly working there or some other companies in town just wanting to help, help people do, do the work that they love. So she's, she's very much a supporting role kind of person when it comes to work. Not necessarily exactly the job, it doesn't really matter too much. It's just who she's able to help is, is what's really important to her. Okay. But she will be working is my point. so I do think finding kind of, yeah, yeah, for the short term on average. 'cause I would add that in. 'cause it's gonna take you guys a while to find the house, you know, go through all the process and the, you know, I mean, it, it's gonna, it's not like you're gonna have to have this money by tomorrow. So it's gonna give her enough time to find a job and while you guys are looking, so yeah, I definitely, I think you're, you're in a great position and I would take some of that money out of a mutual fund for sure.


For a down payment. Okay. Gotcha. And then I do have one quick follow up question. How much cash would you all recommend staying liquid? I heard that in the next, in the six months or so, after you get a house, it's gonna be repairs like a thousand dollars a month is a good estimate. And, we also wanna have enough to pay cash for a car. If one of our two older cars goes out, I would just create a sinking fund. I, you don't need to, you know, park 20 grand just for that. I would just start a sinking fund where every month you put away, you know, a hundred bucks, 200 bucks to start covering some of that. Maybe the car becomes a $500 sinking fund and 12 months from now you got six grand. So you, you decide what's right for you guys and your family and when this car might kick the bucket or when you wanna upgrade.


But I think sinking funds are the easier way to do that. so I wouldn't be too concerned about Oh. my gosh, this house is gonna cost us 50 grand right after we move in. Yeah. And if you need additional money, that's what the emergency fund's for too. That you can use Isaac. Some people sounds like you're be like, how can I not use this? Right. Yes. That, that's a game people play. Exactly. Exactly. What if you need, Why it there Fund at all costs? Yeah, I know. Which I appreciate. Your savings muscle is incredible. And so the hard part for you is just letting go of that and actually using it for your future Goals. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's Definitely the, but you guys, how, how young are y'all? I'm 26 and she's 25. You guys are unicorns. You're gonna build so much wealth. I'm not concerned about letting go of these, these investments 'cause you're gonna build it right back up and guess what, in a few years you're not gonna have a house payment.


I can tell you're the kind of guy who's gonna knock out this mortgage. You're gonna replace that mortgage payment with investing and before you know it, you'll have another a hundred grand saved up. Alright? So way to go man. Thanks for the call. Cool beans Guys. Yeah, thanks for the time. Love of Vols fan Rachel. But they're all smart. They're doing it out There. They're all smart, you know. Oh my goodness. It's here for the right team. You have wisdom. Wow. Wisdom everywhere. Spoken like a diehard Vols fan. Wow. That is good though. But I think it's a good point you made. And when you, when you're putting money away, especially this is non-retirement, right? So if he's talking about 401k Roths, you know, 4 0 3 Bs in that world, we would say no we do not cash out retirement. But these investments that are not retirements but are, you know, whether you're out there and you have company stock or single stocks, mutual funds, using that money towards something that's going to continue to up your net worth and up your quality of life, which is a down payment.


And, and almost, you know, a house I feel like is a great asset and this is why we always say to pay it off. Don't just leave, you know, If, you have money to pay off your house when you're in baby. Step six, do it because it's like assured that your money's going to something. Yeah. Worthwhile. It's a forced savings plan. Yes, that's right. With a kind of guaranteed rate of return. And once you get that paid off, I mean that's an amazing feeling where you now have the margin to do even more wealth building. And so I think the hard part for a go-getter like our friend Isaac, is I just wanna keep saving and I don't wanna let it go. But guess what, on the net worth statement, nothing changed. That's right. You just move the money from here, This house to different assets house. Yeah, it's A great point. And it's hard because you don't see the number going up like you did with your investments, but what you do have is a lot of peace when that mortgage payment is such a small part of your world because you put 50% down Yes.


And you took on a reasonable mortgage. What most people do is say, don don't wanna touch the investments. I'll take the whole thing out in the mortgage and I'll be fine. Yes. And then the mom wants to stay home and they go, Oh my gosh, I can't breathe. Yeah. That 2000, $3,000 mortgage payment now feels like it's too much. Feels Like a lot. Yeah. And which is smart that they were even talking about, you know, you can't control everything in the future. Right? So there's, there's things that you have to make decisions on today that are wise. So her knowing that she'll probably get a house, right? But even the fam some people are like, well, should we like wait till we start a family? All of this. Right? But if you're in the market to buy, now is the time. 'cause prices are only gonna continue to go up. Yeah. If you're outta debt, you got the emergency fund, you got the pile of cash for that down payment.


Don't sit around. 'cause guess what? The fed rates are gonna go down home. Prices could go up and you're gonna go, Oh my gosh, I should have bought. Yep. I should have bought. Don't try to time the market. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've been working the Ramsey plan and you've made real progress. But if something happened to you tomorrow, would your loved ones be able to access all the account info you've got stored on your computer phone or even scraps of paper Knock box can help. That's knock Box N. Okay. As in next of Kin Box is a complete system that organizes your important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place to help protect what you have worked for. So ditch the thumb drives and file cabinets and organize your digital and paper files with Knock Box. You'll leave memories not a mess. Get your family's knock box today@knockbox.com slash Ramsey. That's k box.com/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by bestselling author Rachel Cruz Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. Rafael's up next in Kissimmee, Florida. What's going on? Hello, how are you? Doing Well, how are you? Good, good. So my wife and I can't come to an agreement here on how to, what to do with our motorcycle loan that we have. Oh, this is a fun one. Rachel loves settling debates. I Love motorcycles too. Who do you think is right? Honestly, I I can't answer that. Okay. Smart man. Yes. Okay. What's going on? What's the, what's the issue?


Okay, so I just think I, I have an employee stock purchase plan. It's gonna vest I think in December. I'll have about $13,000 in there. I just tell her I'd rather leave that in there and get a loan to figure out what the upside down is. 'cause I, I wanna get out the loan as as I can. And instead of owing 23, let's say I'm upside down by 10,000, I can get a personal loan for 10,000 and knock that off as fast as possible, I guess. And she's saying no, liquidate the stocks and let's not go into debt. Be completely debt free.


Yes. Is this the only debt you guys have or there is there more? No, I have a personal loan of 20,000. And you want get more personal? Hmm. Yeah. I, I see I'm just walking through the train of thought here. Now I love that you're wanting to trade down your big debt for a smaller debt, but I like your wife's thinking more of we could be completely debt free instead of, you know, struggling to pay this next 10 grand off all trying to pay the other 20 grand off. Plus when that, when you have that volatile single stock, I mean that thing could drop. And so I love the idea of using this as a blessing. You got that stock at a discount, let's sell it and you know, it'll probably be in minimal gains and be outta debt completely.


Okay. What's your thinking in keeping, keeping the stock? Do you just like to see the number go up? Well, I, so my thing is, I I I make 80,000, 80, 85 and I, I just tell her, wouldn't it be better once we, if I do get the loan and I knock it down quick with her. I guess I wanna just leave the money in there so when we get debt free, I can go buy like, say a, a cheaper $5,000 motorcycle. I, I'm really not that good with budgeting clearly. Obviously I'm in debt unfortunately. But we, we wanna prove our family wrong that there is a way to be debt free.


She's on board, I'm on board too. I, I just don't know how to tackle this. Well, the Best way to prove them wrong is to become debt free and stay debt free. Yeah. Would you not agree? Yeah, yeah. I, I agree. Are you guys your wife, are you, do you guys have your money combined? Like are you, because you said I'm making 85,000, is she working as well? Yeah, she, she gets about $800 every two weeks. Take home, I get about 26 every two weeks. Okay. What does she do for a living? She, she's a full specialist, like in facials, nails, et cetera.


Okay. Things like That. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And, and are you guys Yeah. Does she have any debt? She does, but that, that's like a whole, I I would say if you wanted to throw her thing in there too, we're looking at maybe 30,000 on top of that. But I've been, So 2030 you had a personal loan for 20, you also owe how much on the motorcycle? 23. So you have 43 there. I got six months ago and then she has 30, what's her 30 in It? It would be like miscellaneous like self. One of them would be like Verizon, another one would be student loans. Okay. Most of it is student loans. But, Okay.


So Rafael, lemme tell you this, I love, love and very encouraged that your goal, both of you wanna prove people wrong and not just, that's not the goal to prove them wrong, but to prove them wrong, to be debt free, right? So you both want to become debt free. You both wanna live a debt free lifestyle. so what we have found is the fastest way to get from where you are, which is just the starting off point to actually accomplishing that as a couple of things. First and foremost, you will win, I'm gonna say 3, 4, 5 times faster. When you guys work together as a team, your language is still, well hers over here, mine, my income, her income. When you start, you and her start actually looking at numbers together.


That combination of combining finances, working out of the same bucket, seeing this together, tackling all of this together, regardless of whose quote unquote debt it is. And you're going to get so much momentum by just simply doing that. It's unbelievable. and I'm telling you that because when you start doing a budget together, which we're gonna give you EveryDollar premium after this call, but when you guys sit down together and you start doing a budget together and you start cutting expenses together and you start making decisions about what you're gonna have for dinner together, because you're not going out to eat, like things start to really pick up speed when there is an emotional attachments that you guys are a team.


And again, that starts with the numbers. So that would be my first piece of advice is to, is to work at this more unified than you are now. And then number two, you're trying to do too many things to get the goal that you want. And it's, and it's way less complicated than what you're making it to be. So everything we talk about is, is to liquidate everything but retirement accounts to pay off debt. So that would mean liquidating the stock, putting it towards the debt that would be selling some stuff, figuring out what you're gonna sell the motorcycle, which is great. But when you start doing these things and you guys are making a hundred and around 105 a year, it, it's a, it's amazing the progress you guys can make when you are focused intensely on one thing.


And that is getting outta debt. It's not trying to, you know, we're do retirement over here. It's not trying to like put, get some liquid cash over that. Like it's not trying to do 18 different things together. Your number one goal is to get outta debt and that's maybe working extra selling stuff, cutting expenses together. Like, I mean it's all of this snowball effect that occurs And, we just see people that they just get so much momentum 'cause you're gonna actually start seeing these winds and that's gonna fuel this behavior change, which is key that personal finance, it is 80% behavior. It is only 20% head knowledge. So you're going at this more from a head knowledge standpoint and less of a behavior. and I want you to, you know, flip those two and just try it, try it our way.


And and If you look, if you hate it six months, you can go back to what You were doing and six months. That's right. And in six months if you're like, this isn't working at all, you can do it your way, but try something different. Yes. Yes. Awesome. And just one last question. I I heard you say you like motorcycles too. Oh, I was kidding. Sorry. Will This, will this budget app or like will this teach me once we do finish baby step two, how, when am I allowed to go buy a $5,000 motorcycle off of Facebook or Yep. When am I allowed to do these things? Yeah, and I actually enjoy, You know, it's simple. Once you have a foundation to where you have no debt and an emergency fund, that's when you move from this intensity to intentionality where you go, all right, if I save up 500 bucks a month in 12 months, I'll have $6,000 saved up to go buy a used motorcycle in cash.


Do you see the difference there versus rolling up to the dealership and them going, Hey, we got a nice shiny one over here, And, we can get your payment down. That's how broke people think. They think about how much down, how much a month Rafael from now on is gonna think like wealthy people, how much can I afford it right now? If not, we gotta act like an adult and say we can't do this right now. Yeah. And that's after paying off all of your debt and having a three or, you know, three to six month emergency fund saved. And once you do that, you're good to go. You're good to go take, you know, take a great vacation, buy a motorcycle, you know, you and your wife together deciding on some of these big purchases. But that would be, yeah, that would be the time. So it's gonna be maybe, maybe a year or two, you know, a year, two and a half years.


But I'm telling you, you'll do it with so much more peace and enjoyment and freedom than you will trying to yeah, continue to live this, this lifestyle And your, your arguments and debates will change. It'll be like, where are we gonna go on vacation this year? Instead of, okay, what debt are we gonna pay off first and how are we gonna do it so the fights get better as you get, get to a better place financially, Rafael. So let me encourage you with that. And I I if you follow the things that Rachel just told you, you were going to have so much freedom, not even two and a half years from now, a few months from now just doing the budget, showing you the reality of what could be if you guys just got a handle on this amazing income you have. Yeah. So hold on the line and Taylor's gonna pick up And. we wanna give you guys EveryDollar premium and FPU we'll throw in financial Peace University because I think So kind.


So kind, outrageous generosity, Think, you know, learning some of these basics, you two together, watching these videos and, and kind of going through this. I think it's gonna be really, really helpful. Thanks for the call Raphael. More of your calls coming up. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey good people. It's Delony for my friends at Helix, the makers of what I think are the greatest mattresses in the entire world. I've slept on all types of mattresses, cheap ones, really expensive ones, thin camping mattresses, you name it, I've slept on it. and I love helix so much that now every single member of my I Media family sleeps on a helix. And listen, everyone sleeps differently and that's why Helix has lots of different mattress models to choose from each design for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. They got mattresses for side sleepers, stomach sleepers, back sleepers, everyone. And Helix also has enhanced cooling features to keep you from overheating at night. And if your spine needs some extra TLC, they've got you too. And Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping onto in your own home. So Helix offers a hundred night trial, plus all Helix mattresses come with either a 10 or 15 year warranty. I want you to get online and take the Helix sleep quiz. I did this and they matched me and they'll match you with the perfect mattress for your sleep preferences and it takes less than two minutes. And here's the best part, helix offers our listeners 20% off all mattress orders. Go to helix sleep.com/ Ramsey. That's helix sleep.com/ RAMSEY with Helix. Better sleep starts right now.


Welcome. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We're glad you're with us. I'm George Campbell joined by Rachel Cruz. Listen, I know nobody wants to talk about it, but I think it's cool to talk about insurance. In fact, I made a free five day video series called Confidence in Your Coverage and I guide you through the different types of insurance so your insurance can finally make sense. And if you know me, you like I I like brevity, I like it short, punchy, funny. So I'm not gonna overwhelm you with nerdy. You're just gonna get a one email a day for five days teaching you everything you need to know so that you have more confidence in your coverage. So you're gonna get info, two daily goals to help you figure out what you need and to understand it all, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash confidence to get your free guide to insurance or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash confidence. Catherine's up next in San Francisco. What is happening? Catherine? Hello. Hi Thanks for taking my call. Hey sure, happy to help. What, what's going on? Hi, So basically I have a 401k from a previous job and I was wondering if I should roll it into my current 401k or I also have two annuities that are variable annuities. Okay. How long ago was this job in this 401k? How long it's been sitting there? It's been sitting there for probably about five years. It's time, don't you think it's collecting dust over there?


It's definitely time. It's So generally the, the best thing to do would be to roll it over to an IRA and do a direct rollover. so what you don't wanna do is withdraw the money, you don't wanna see the money, you want to directly put it into that next retirement vehicle. And If you have a great 401k with great options and low fees. You could roll it directly to that new 401k. The difference is the, the IRA is outside of your employer and you have way more options and it's in your control. So we like the IRA for that reason. Was it traditional or was some of it Roth? It was traditional. Okay. So you wanna make sure you do a direct rollover to a traditional IRA and that way you'll have no, no kind of fees or penalties there.


Taxes. Okay, perfect. And then I do have some money in savings, but I have it kind of in just some of those saving apps. and I was wondering if you think I should roll it into a high yield savings account or one of the money markets? Yeah, high yield savings account. Right now we're actually outperforming money, money market accounts on, on mo most basis. But you can, what I would do is, and what we've done is look at, look at an online bank. 'cause usually you can get a better rate of return, especially just for a high yield savings. so I like that option the best because I mean money market accounts. Yeah, for the most part they, they act, you know, pretty similarly to high yield savings.


But what I have found, at least in the last probably don don't know, 12 months or so, we saw better rates of return with a high yield personally, but do some of your research and look, but yeah, just looking at it like a ally bank or you know, some type of, because you're Getting reputable 0.01% right now. Interest on your savings I'm guessing. Yeah. What app is it in? Yeah, it's essentially like those like acorns in capital. Yeah, Yeah. Ooh. Yeah. I would be more, I know I would be a little bit more aggressive with it. Yeah. So yeah, I would look at an online bank, just a good high yield savings and making sure that, you know, some of them can come with like limitations, meaning like you have to have CA certain number or a certain amount in order to open it and all of that.


But Pretty good. Yeah, you wanna one with no fees, no minimum balances, all of that. Yeah. And there's a ton out there. And essentially I'm kind of wondering is that money accessible when it's in those savings accounts because Yes, I feel like I'm gonna be able to need to access it. Yeah, It is, it may take one to two business days we've found to take money out of our high yield savings and transfer it to our checking account. So and and some of them will come with check writing privileges even out of it and a debit card. But you can only do up to like five transactions a month. So yes, you can get to it for sure, but it's just a good place to put long term savings. It would not be a account, an account that you would use for everyday transactions, but something that you're like, oh yeah, that money can just sit and grow and if I need it one day I can get it, I can pull it out without fees.


Yeah, because the only reason I kind of have savings right now is I'm, well I'm about to move somewhere where rent is gonna be higher. so I just was also wondering if eventually if I kind of went through the savings, which obviously hopefully not gonna happen but Ben can I just close out the account? Yes. Yeah, just pull the money out and close it. Yeah, I got penalties. Okay, awesome. Yeah, thanks for the question. Catherine. Next up we've got Hannah in Chicago. What's happening Hannah? Hey, how are you guys? Doing well, how are you? I'm good. You guys are my favorite duo so I'm happy to keep You boat. Ah, jackpot. So my question is, I have a truck loan, I owe 6,000 on it right now.


I can get about 9,000 for it private sales. so I was wondering if I should sell it, clear the car note and then be able to pay off my remaining two personal loans and be debt free or continue working the debt snowball method. What are you gonna drive if you sell it? I'm not sure, I haven't got that far, but I do work in town and I do have a work truck. If my place of employment would allow me to drive that, I thought that might be an option. Hannah, I probably wouldn't considering how low of costs that this is. Like if you told me I, you know, that it was, you know, 30,000 or something, but I'm like, you know, if you sell this you would cash out 3000 and then you go buy a 3000 car and the difference between a 3000 car and a 6,000 car isn't like crazy different.


Right. I mean I just I think you'll be Yeah. Going into a similar type of vehicle. so I would just from simplicity stake, I would just put this in the death snowball. Yeah. If you, if you like the truck, the truck's not the, the major problem here. Yeah. What's your total debt load? I have a personal loan for 2,500 and then a very small consumer debt of 900. So I'm almost there. I think I'm just, I'm ready to be debt free and I'm getting so close so I was considering it, but Yeah, you're, you're not, nothing's on fire here. You're not in a desperate situation. Sure. I just don't want you turning around and going, well all the cars i I that are reliable are gonna be 6,000 now I need to come up with the extra three and so it's not a huge part of your debt and I would just knock it out and keep the car.


What's your income? That's What I thought too. I make 57 a year. Awesome. Well you'll be there in no time. I know you're doing great. I think so yeah, knock out that 900 and that 25 first and then just start attacking the truck. Awesome. thank you guys. I appreciate it. Absolutely. Happy to help. All right, let's keep it moving. Jonathan is in Lexington, Kentucky. Jonathan Welcome to The RAMSEY Show. Sorry about That. Hi, thank you so much for all that you guys do. Happy to be on the show. Appreciate that. How can we help today? So I'm in a really, really good position. All things considered debt free out of college and making more than I'm spending where I live is a fairly low cost of living area.


But my question is, now that I have 10 K saved, everyone is encouraging me to use that 10 k to get a loan for a down payment for a lot and build a rental cabin and then sell that turn a big profit. What and I Everyone You might have, are you talking about like three knucklehead friends of yours? My broke brother-in-Law. Yeah. Okay. Just feels like a very oddly specific goal. Well, I'll tell you why. In, in the place that I live, it's very high in tourism. And so a lot of people have, have made money by, by virtue of rental cabins. What's your, It's not like A Yeah, what's the pri what's your primary home situation?


Well I live, I have a fantastic living situation thanks to my employment. so I, I have, I don't pay anything for where I live and I live by myself, so it's amazing. But where I live is heavily, it's a tourism area and that's, that's business year round. And so every rental cabin that's built is bought. And so The question is, with only 10,000, you know, cabin outright away, you're Yeah, yeah. You're break you're breaking up too. We can't, we can't get, okay. My my fear Jonathan, is I wanna make sure you are taking care of yourself.


So the fact that you're, you're living somewhere that you're not paying anything or getting any equity, if you leave this job, you'll probably end up having to rent somewhere for a bit. so I almost on the side would take that 10 KI mean, how long do you think you'll this job? Or is this like a long term play for you? Yes, I'll be here for a long time as long as I can without screwing it up. Okay. But there's, but I want you, I want Jonathan to own a home eventually because I don't want you to get to 50 years old and not have any money to go and buy home. And then you have to go take out a $300,000 mortgage. So, so I would be thinking about my living situation first and foremost. 'cause that housing part of your budget eventually will be the largest part.


So no, I would not take 10 grand and go into debt for a rental cabin. Even though it's the best market. It looks shiny. I mean this is basic apparently. Basically get rich quick for your area and I know it's worked for a few folks. You're not in a place to be a real estate investor quite yet, so just hang on, keep saving up, get your own place and later on in life we can look at that option. This is The. Ramsey Show. Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step.


Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Rachel Cruz this hour. Today's Ramsey Network app question is from Melissa. What does Melissa have to say? Says I am single and about to move into my first apartment. My question is how do I keep from spending foolishly since I'm now responsible for supporting myself, I would like to have an accountability partner to keep me straight and I'm not sure how to find one. I've been hurt by people in the past.


so I spend money to fill in the emotional gap. Wow. Very self-aware. Yeah Melissa, I need to change that way of thinking. So any advice you have would be fantastic. Wow. Hmm. Well therapy is I think a great start. Yes. I think we need to figure out what's at the root of all this and start to kind of heal from that. and I do love the idea of an accountability partner as another thing. And that could be friends. They don't have to be like your best friends physically. I mean we have a great Facebook group, the RAMSEY baby steps community and they're always encouraging each other in there and they'll say, Hey, someone talked me off the ledge, I'm gonna go add to cart over here. And then the budget is really, it's kind of a built in accountability partner. Yeah, For sure.


Yeah. I mean I think obviously there's pain from some levels of relationship. I'm not sure which kind that, that you've Yeah. Been burned by And so I think sometimes that hurt and that rejection does come out sideways and it looks different for, for everyone. And in your case being, I mean very self-aware that yeah you spend money to probably keep yourself busy or to keep yourself feeling good and I think there's a reality of understanding that you know, what's the, what is the truth of what money does and you know that it's been scientifically proven that buying stuff does not fulfill you and does not give you literal happiness or joy long term. It just doesn't. And so I think there is a way to shift that behavior of understanding yes, the facts, but you can't just willpower your way into that.


I think there needs to be some good input in your life. And that's where like therapy George said that and even don don't know even the word accountability partner don don't know why George. It kinda makes me, kinda makes me, yeah, I don't know. It's an accountability partner. Have a good friend in your life who loves you a lot, who will ask you questions, who will dig in, who wants to know your story, sit with you in the hurt and the messiness of life and they're there as supports more than like, I'm gonna keep you accountable. 'cause sometimes that can feel like preachy or something. Yeah. You Don't wanna hang out with that person, but here's the other side. Yeah. But don't have friends that also spend frivolously and are always going out and are broke. Like put people around you Yeah. That respect your boundaries and respect what you're doing actually. Yeah. And you also wanna grow. Yeah, that's right. That's right. So yeah, having, having just yeah.


People in your life, but it's gonna take time for you I think, you know, to, to build that trust because of obviously what's happened to you in the past. And the beautiful thing is about moving into your first apartment is you got bills now, so you kind of have to go, the bills have to get paid, there's not gonna be a whole lot of extra Yeah. You know, margin just to go spend fri frivolously. And that's where the budget becomes even more important once you gain that independence. But good for you. Love the self-awareness here. I know that's impressive. Okay, let's get to the phones. Dave is in Charlotte. What's happening? Dave, Hi guys, I'll try to make this short and sweet. I have a $1.5 million house that's in an area where the houses sell normally in less than seven days at or above asking price.


And you guys have made very, made me very cost conscious. So it's hard for me to justify to pay a 6% commission or $70,000 for a house that's gonna sell in less than seven days, basically just to get it listed on the MLF. so what are my options? I know a real estate attorney said he would charge me $6,000 to do the actual close, but in terms of working with agents, can you shed any light on how I can minimize the commissions? Well they've, they've changed the structure recently and it's kind of become, you know, a big bubbled effect within the real estate world. But I think a lot of agents are still kind of abiding by that 6%, the 3%, 3% split.


So I mean, if you're using someone for their services, I mean, I guess it, it's now it can be dependent on the agent now to a degree because of what they're choosing to do on the commission side because it has changed in recent months. But overall, I mean, you're using their services so you will be Yeah. Paying some level of a commission. I'm sure if you wanna do sell by owner, you know, you could do that where it's just you doing it then you wouldn't have a, an agent involved. But usually we find, statistically speaking, you'll make less as a private seller versus if you actually use an agent. But, so I would use an agent and I understand the frustration around it and some agents are changing their commission structure because of everything that's happened in recent months.


So you could talk to them and see what they would say and what they were, what, you know, what they're requiring for their services. So it may depend agent by agent. Yeah. Because I, I recognize there's some value to an agent handling some things, but I recently had an inspection done, so, you know, I think it would be a relatively very clean sale in a very short period of time. And you know, for me to pay somebody $70,000 for a week's work, What'd you buy the house for? Seems excessive. Five 50. So you're making a million dollars off of this. Right. That's pretty wild. So letting go of, I've Had it 25 years. Yeah, You've hung onto it and that's appreciated.


Why are you guys selling? We're just downsizing and, and retired and moving to another house. Okay, that's great. Here's what I'll say about the agent. I think if you, if you're just looking to get it on the MLS and that's all the agent's good for, then you need to find a better agent. A good agent's gonna make up for what they cost you. And that might be, you know, if you went for sale by owner, you might get 1.43, we don't know. And if you work with a great agent, maybe they get you, you know, you start a bidding war and you got 1.57, right? Right. So that's part of it. I just went Through a, I just went through a tax deal with the city, so I've done a pretty extensive study of comps, you know, in the neighborhood and in the zip code.


So, you know, the data's pretty readily available in terms of how long they sell and what, you know, how close to asking price. So that's usually the value that an agent brings. But in this case, I'll just have to look at other options. I guess I Feel like you should go into a real estate Dave, you've, you've done all the work, man. Yeah, I, I know it hurts and it like, I'm the same way 'cause I'm super frugal, but the one thing I'm willing to spend money on is a good agent for the largest transaction of my life, which I assume this is True. Right. and I understand that. But like I say that knowing that the area so well and you know, knowing that what what they're selling at Yeah. It's just Mean there's ways you can negotiate, you know, let's say your, your agent who's gonna sell well, that becomes your buying agent and they end up taking one and a half percent off.


Yeah, yeah. I, I Get, and so that stuff happens all the time. so I would get in touch and if you want to kind of vet some, we've got Ramsey trusted real estate agents, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent and see who's out there, interview them, see what they're willing to do and see what they're willing to offer. I'll reach out for a couple of them. Thanks for your time. Absolutely. Yeah, thanks Dave. It's a great question. I love that you're thinking this way and it's what's helped Dave built this level of wealth Well and to have a mediator between you and the buyer and all of that, right? I mean like, it's just, they take, they take a lot of the grunt work out for you. Yeah. They, you know, they really do help. Absolutely. Thanks for the question. Andre's up next in Houston, Texas, how can we help Andre? Yes, I'm 28 years old with 20 K in savings and I wanted to know how to invest it.


Alright, give us a little bit more about your financial picture. What's your income? It's about like 29,000 a year. Okay. And do you have any debt? No, sir. Okay. And is this your, all of your savings, the 20 k, does this include like your emergency fund? No, not really. I have maybe like a couple more stashed away and another bank account, but it's just like maybe like 2000. So you have about $22,000 liquid cash in these accounts? Yeah. Okay. Well here's the deal. Once you're following this Ramsey plan and you're out of debt, the next step is to build a buffer between you and life called an emergency fund And.


we recommend three to six months of expenses. So for you that might be, I don't know, 10, 15,000. Are you? Yeah. Are you single Andre? Yes, yes ma'am. Okay. Yeah, so you would probably be more on that three month side versus the six month. So yeah, I would kind of figure out for you what would be about three months of savings to keep you afloat if something happened to your income and making sure you have that. And then, yeah, the next step would be investing. And so I, you know, would look into things, you know, like a, a retirement type vehicle with investing. So a Roth IRA If, you have an earned income, you can apply for a Roth IRA and that's a great option. You can invest up to $7,000 in that a year and that grows tax free. So there's a lot of benefits.


So that, that will count. That's just great. so I would probably start there. Does your employer have a 401k by chance as a benefit? They have a savings plan I think it is. Okay. Yep. so I would look into that too maybe on Monday. Go and ask them about that. And so I would, I would do the match for the 401k, but I would get that emergency fund and a high yield savings account and then look into opening up a rough IRA Thanks for the call Andre that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. thank you to my co-host, Rachel Cruz, all the folks in the booth keeping the show afloat. And you America, thanks for hanging out with us. We'll be back before you know it.


To find a Ramsey trusted real estate agent that can help you buy or sell your house the way we teach, visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent or click the link in the show notes Before we get to the next caller. I got some good news for you, even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app From Ramsey Network This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships.


I'm George Kamel, joined by Rachel Cruz, who is also my co-host on Smart Money Happy Hour. You can check out on The Ramsey Network. We're taking your calls at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Call us up, we'll try to help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Justin kicks us off this hour in Santa Clarita, California. What's going on Justin? Hi there guys, how are you doing? We're doing well. How can we help? So my question is, it's kind of a detailed question. I'm curious what you guys give for advice when an amazing job is in a different location than a happy life, I guess would be the primary question there.


And it's, I guess There, so you live in California, is this job elsewhere? The job is in Santa Clarita and the kind of where I envision a happy life is about three hours north of there. So it's a long, you Envision a happy life or what, what does that mean? So the location that's about three hours away is where family is, where my significant other is. Well that's a difference maker. Yeah, you buried the lead there. Okay. so what is this amazing job and why can it not exist in that area? So I, I'm a veterinarian and about a year and a half ago now, I actually moved to where I currently am working in order to take this job because where I was working before had wasn't quite making even life ends meet even as a veterinarian.


So you weren't getting paid enough? Correct. And and even then I was, and the, the work life balance just wasn't there. I was averaging like a hundred hour work weeks. Good. Nice. Now I've got, I found an incredible job, but I have found somebody that is, you know, that and we've been dating for about a year now, back where my family is from and where I would like to eventually move to, but now I've in the quandary of probably not finding the similar job lifestyle that I have found.


Have you looked at vets in that area? I have. Okay. And they, they can offer similar, but it's not, I guess it's kinda one of those things where it's hard to turn down what I am currently making and the fact I only have to work four days a week for what I'm currently making in order To Do you think they would negotiate if you said, Hey, I'd love to apply, here's kind of what I'm looking for? I think it would be reasonable, but I, it just Is the cost, cost of living lower three hours north, It's actually considerably higher.


Okay. So that'd be a tough life move financially. Yeah. Do you have any debt? No. No Debt. Awesome. I mean, I'm moving if I'm you, I'm like there's, I mean, you know, I think part of of having a happy life, I think a job is a big part of it, right? You spend on average 40 hours a week if you're working 40 hours a week, they are. So there'd A hundred if you're Justin. Yeah, Yeah. We don't wanna go back to that Justin. But the other, the other elements of your life, your family relationships, I mean all of that you can't pay for, you know, like those are things that are, they're, they're priceless. And so what is gonna create a healthy overall life and I think don don't know, for me it wouldn't be staying in a city three hours away from the people that I love unless she's willing to Well, she moved to you when you guys get married.


Married she would, but I think, and it's the same situation where her, her family and her job is where I would potentially be moving back to. So it, you know, as far as the logistics, it, you know, it doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Sure. I guess. Sure. Is there a world where you move out there, you're working, it's not the dream pay necessarily or dream hours, but you eventually could start your own practice? That would be something that I, and I'm actually starting to do a little bit. I'm starting to create my own mobile practice in the, basically back home I would start exploring the options.


Yeah. I'd start calling up and doing some Zoom interviews or next time you're over in the area, meet with them and stop by and get a vibe for what the options are and then you can kind of figure out, but I think right now we're making a lot of assumptions about what life is going to be like either way and I like to have a little more facts. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I guess so. Well, so I guess if I had more facts and I don't know if I could, as you know, salary, numbers, anything like that, anything that, that would be useful to kind of add into this conversation goes, What are you making now in this amazing job where you make crazy money and work four days a week? Right now it's about 440,000 a year.


That'll do it for four days a week. Yeah. And what And what would you make? Probably around 200 is what I'm getting as far as my interviews go. That I've, at people I've talked to, What does she make a year Right now? Around 40. Okay, so you would, because I'm just thinking long term, like my motivation would be even before my, my own family. It's the, it's, it's the significant other, right? If you're about to start a life with someone and I and I'm, and I'm assuming Justin, you guys are wanting to get married. So that's where my, that, that, this is where my perspective is. So if I'm wrong, you can shift me, but, but me and my spouse, so this is a different, I'm glad you asked this, George.


'cause I mean, you're basically moving, you're, you're taking 200 grand a year to move for a $40,000 job versus if you guys together said, Hey, after we're married, why don't we live here for two or three, four years, see if we enjoy this area. Like it would be worth taking a shot for this amount of money. Yeah. And If you just stacked up hundreds of thousands a year and you were able to move and start your own practice. That's right. Yeah. Three years from now, yeah. Maybe you have a goal that will eventually wanna be out there, but because of the situation that you, you're in right now. But again, that, that would be speeding up the relationship and I don't wanna do that on a basis of money either. Right. So, so there's some factors that come into play and I also would not move for someone that I'm not married to either or engaged to at least.


Now I know your family's there too, which is great, right? That could be a pool, But maybe that's, Hey, once we get married, have kids, all right, we're gonna move to be closer to the grandparents' House. Yeah. Or a certain dollar amount or a certain timeframe or something. But I think that it's significant enough to have that conversation. Would she, would she move at all where you are? She would and I guess that's maybe part of the, maybe a part of the major question is with we are currently both renting and if we were to move one way or the other, like I guess when my question Not always. Yeah, I would, you would? Yeah, I would. I mean, you, you can afford just to keep renting while you guys go through the engagement process and then once you're married, buy a house together.


Don't do that before you're married. It's a disaster legally and all of that if you guys ever break up. so I would Use the season you're in to just stack up so much cash that whatever the next adventure is, it's gonna be a breeze, even if it means a pay cut. Thanks for the call Justin. Thanks for helping you walk through that situation. This is The, Ramsey, Show, Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan. If. you have one and replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment.


Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone, and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com folks. Changing your family tree takes more than rice and beans and side hustles.


It's also about transferring the big financial risks off your family by having the right kinds of coverage in place. That's why my team created the coverage checkup quiz. It only takes about five minutes to find out what types of insurance you need and don't need to protect your finances. Make this quiz one of your regular checkups starting right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Rachel Cruz. Our Ramsey show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi.


Student loan debt is a swamp. Thousands of people find it hard to escape from, so don't be another statistic in the student loan Swamp for distressed private student loans. There's Why Refi. We trust Why Refi because they help you with a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and get out of debt. Learn more at Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be available in all states. Today's question comes from Nathan in Kentucky. I'm 14 years old and I was just wondering what is a good way to try and become to try and become at least a hundred dollars. Oh a oh gosh, a hundred million. Wait. A hundred, A hundred million.


A hundred millionaire. by the time I, I didn't Know that was a term 30. I wasn't sure either. I was just wondering because I discovered you guys on TikTok. I'll get asked. George and I thought to myself that y'all had good information and I just wanted to know if it's possible Thank you for your time. Wow. I'm doing the math for our friend Nathan here. Rachel. It's not looking good. A hundred million. Do you wanna know what it takes, Rachel? I would actually would love to know. Okay. It takes, get this, you would have to invest from the age of 14 to the age of 30 and we're gonna assume a 10% rate of return. Sure. Okay. Yeah. From 14 to 30, you would have to invest every single month, $220,000.


So there's the true answer, Nathan. Nathan. But because now your hope has been stolen from us, Lemme give you some different advice. Do do a millionaire. Different advice. Do 1 million. $1 million. I took It to a million. Okay. Well that's, So that would be a, that would be, what'd you say? Two, 2000 a month at that point. 220 grand was for a hundred million. Yeah. So if we take it down to 20 grand, that's 10 million. That's pretty good. Lets, I'm gonna go, let's, lets go. Five grand a month would get you to two. So 2 million, just About 20 And 2000. Yeah, just about 2200 bucks a month. Okay. All right. From 14 to 30. Okay. All right. That's, we're, That's still a lot of money for a 14-year-old to be socking away. We're, we're at least got a bullseye we can look for.


Okay. So Nathan, I would encourage you to get beyond this like, label of quote unquote millionaire. 'cause I think a lot of people believe if I just had this amount of money, Whether it's 1 million or a hundred Million, yeah. Everything's gonna just be fine and I'm gonna be okay. And the truth is, financially, numbers wise, there's a good chance Yeah. That you, you know, that's really gonna help you. But your money habits are gonna be a big part of this and who you are as a person. Nathan is gonna have a big part in this. 'cause there are people, I would say, that have millions and millions and are still very discontent people. And they're still running this race, acquiring, trying to find some level of joy and peace in life.


And they're not finding it through money, because money does not bring that, it can bring stability. It can bring you the ability to do things with your life that is fun and have experiences like that is all true. But there is, I would say, a bigger character question there of why do you wanna have this millionaire status? And to go ahead and bust the bubble that just because you reach that does not mean that life is suddenly gonna be perfect for you. That's, I feel like that's the myth out there, you know? Oh, Yeah. Well, and If I can just do this and by 30, you know, there's like kind of that whole, the fire movement and it's like we're, I'm not gonna do anything with my life. And if, If this doesn't happen by this age, then my life is over and I've failed. Right? Yes.


Yes. It's insane. so I just, I rebuke all of the get rich quick. Even if it's with decent intentions and you wanna do it the less risky way, there's just no good reason that any human needs to make hundreds of millions, or even I need to have a million by this age. Right. And the truth is, Nathan, if you follow the Ramsey baby steps, you're going to get there by 30. Your net worth will be a million dollars or more just by staying out of debt, stacking up cash, buying a home, getting the house paid off, investing 15% of your income over time. Compound growth is gonna take over and do the heavy lifting for you. So that's the not fun answer. But I do think we need a new book from Dave called Baby Steps 100 Millionaires. I looked it up.


It's called Sent to Millionaire is the term Centi millionaire. That's right. Oh, So it is a Thing. Centi millionaires. You have a hundred million or more. Yeah. I'm not cool. I I wasn't Your words not mine. That's all I'm saying. But thank you for the, you know, Nathan, it was a good brain exercise, even if it wasn't a pretty wild question ask. It's Great though to ask. Good for you, Nathan. But The fact that a 14-year-old thinking that way, he's gonna be the, the world changer out there. Sure. Because it's gonna take being an entrepreneur to make that kind of money. Or even close. Yeah. You know, you're not gonna make that as a W2 employee likely, but I wish you the best. Maybe Nathan will be calling in at 30 being like, Hey, just so you guys know, I have a hundred million, I'm a, wait, what was it called again? A Cent time Millionaire Scent.


Yeah. Al. Her mozy, you know the super beef cake dude, we've had him on the show and he's, he's a centine millionaire. Oh, wow. And he's an entrepreneur. That's how he did it. That's great. And he's about my age. So call me a failure. Many, many do. Many do. You're still working, George. You Know, I'm here. I'm doing it still. God feel bad. I just do it. 'cause I love it. Rachel. I haven't had to work in years. I'm kidding. All right, let's go to the phones. INR is in Oslo, Norway. We're going international. No, we're going overseas. Here we go. What's going on? inr Hi guys, it's, it's such an honor to talk to both of you. I'm great. What time is it there Right now?


It's 24 past 9:00 PM Wow. All Right. Thanks for staying up with us. Appreciate it. Thanks for the call. Yes. What's your question? Thank you. Okay. My question for is how do my wife and I decide the amount and the amount of our personal line items in the budgets? So I'm a firm believer that equal isn't always necessarily fair because for instance, a haircut for her is much more expensive than mine. Unless youre George Kamel. It Is the opposite in the Camel household. But yes, it's a good point.


Yes. And you two are the perfect couple to answer this with a woman and man a spender as savers. So, Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that the amounts totally could be different. And I'll be honest, Winston and I, well, I think we may budget the same amount, but I spend mine every month And Winston probably rarely blows through his fund money. Yeah, He may. I don't even, yeah. So we probably technically could budget less for him and he would be fi I mean he would It spend it, but it's equal in the budget. He, It's, I was gonna say it is equal in the budget. I'm cur you're making me question why do we do that? Why do we not just correct it to what's reality in the crews household? I'm not sure because I don't think Winston would care, but if you lowered his amount No.


And if Winston wanted to buy something, like Yeah, That's how it got, we're gonna figure that out once year. Winston goes, I wanna buy this. And he just does it. Yeah. He spends all of his money. Was Rachel Like, Ooh, how much fun money do I have This month? Yeah. so I would, I would agree. I do not think that it has to be equal, but I would I and I say that cautiously hearing people that are listening or watching us now that are not in your position. 'cause you're saying that yours would be lower than hers, correct. Correct. Yes. so I think that is that is totally fine. But I don't want some crazy spouse out there listening and being like, Oh, my gosh, mine gets to be higher and you should lower yours. Yeah. Like, like, like That. Yeah. Oh, like, do I hurt on the show? They said the husbands should be lower. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. so I don't wanna like create, you know, conflict between married couples out there.


But if the reality is, is that you are naturally a saver and you're not gonna spend as much as she spends, then yeah. I think it's reality should reflect the budget. so I would for sure and not feel bad about that. 'cause you're right, I mean, as technically speaking, women I think do spend more. George is the exception here. You got the right co-host. But here's the other thing, I don't have any hobbies Except for your dogs and your hair. Exactly. You and coffee. And coffee. But don don't go crazy there. But you spend more than, do you spend more than Whitney though? A month? I wouldn't say in fun money. Okay. 'cause I don't, again, I don't have fun. I went to a movie last night and I was like, wow, I'm really living.


That's it. so I r can you give us a number here? Like, I don't know, what's the, what's the currency in Norway? Is it a kroner Kro? Yes. Correct. But to keep it simple, we can just divide the total amount in Norwegian Corona to buy 10 And. we got the Got It. The dollar amount. Oh, Okay. Okay. We bring in around 6,000 a month and Right. For the next month, we set up actually equal. So 200 each. But last month we set up 5, 450 for her and two, 200.


And it worked out. So It, yeah, sure it worked out. But she feels kind of guilty sometimes. Oh, see, that's something we can deal with outside of this. Yeah. but it has nothing to do with the budget. It's just she feels like it should be more equal and she feels bad spending, but the budget is permission to spend. It is. And it should be a reflection of reality. And the reality is her, you know, what she spends per month is going to be more than yours. And, and that's, that's totally okay. Regardless of who brings in the money. Put it all together. You say, what is our reality of our life? And that's how we're gonna budget.


Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget. It's like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Rachel Cruz. The number to call is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Diana's up next. And San Jose Diana Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hi. Yes. thank you. Absolutely. How can we help today? So I have a question. So I'm 28. I have not debt and I've been saving for a house for about five years and I'm not seeing a result. and I just wanted to ask what else could I be doing so I can afford it home in San Jose, Where are you seeing a lack of progress? Is it in the savings account or is it what the amount of money will do for the housing market?


It is the housing market. so I have a full-time job and I make about a hundred KA year. Cool. and I have about a hundred k saves in cash, but it seems too little to buy a house here in San Jose. And the reason I would like to stay here is because all my family is here. Yeah. I mean, it is so difficult, Diana, because I mean, you are in what the top three highest real estate markets? I mean the Bay Area, it's like that Miami, Manhattan, I mean, it, it is the most expensive real estate market. I mean it is. So it's going to take you on average twice as long as you know someone living in Nebraska and buying a house.


So even though you make a hundred grand, which is great, it's not crazy money for out there. Even, I mean your, your cost of living is gonna, is high and the market is so I think it's one of those things, Diana, that it's, it, it is frustrating and I think, you know, you're gonna have to map out and just say, okay, I'm in this for the long game and it may be, you know, that I'm 32 when I own a home and not 29 or 30. Right. Like, you like bumping it out multiple years is probably what's gonna have to happen. And I'm assuming you're, you're looking at like a reasonable situation for yourself. 'cause are, are you single? Well, I have a significant other, but we're not married and I don't wanna buy a house together.


Yeah. Right now. Maybe in the future For sure. Smart woman. so I think a, a way to get into the market if you can, is even a, a condo or a town home. It may not be a single family home just to get yourself in a position to even own something in that area. Right. It may not be a single family home right now. I Might need to be further out of the area. Do you commute to work in San Jose proper? Yes. So my work is in San Jose and my commute is about 15 minutes. 15 minutes. Okay. So let's say you were gonna do a half hour commute. Would housing be cheaper out there? Yes. Maybe in Roy or Morgan Hill, I'm guessing. But it's getting more expensive since people are moving out of San Jose to afford it Home.


They've got the same idea as you. They're going, well this is where I can afford and therefore supply and demand. So here's what I would do, Diana. I would sit down and go, what am I, what are my non-negotiables? What must be true and what can I compromise on? And that might be, hey, I'm willing to get a fixer upper, but I'm gonna live in the part of area I wanna live in. Or it's gonna be, it's gonna be brand new 'cause that's what I want, but it's gonna be further out or it's gonna be at the town home instead of the single family. so I think we need to start going, listen, the reality is it's an insane area to live in When you make a hundred grand, that's amazing money for most areas of the country. And yet it's not enough to buy a home in San Jose. Yeah. Buy for a single woman. You know what I mean?


And that might change one day as you get married and your spouse makes a hundred grand and now we're making 200 grand or more. Well, now we can upgrade over time. So it doesn't have to be a forever decision. But I also don't want you sitting on the sidelines for another five years. Okay. Is that helpful? Yes. Okay. I wish we were thanks for the call. We Could have like a secret life hack. Good news. I mean, I'm telling you, California real estate, y'all, you get your Southern California, you get your Bay Area. It's just, I mean, it is so expensive. I mean, and other areas are expensive too, right? I mean, all of housing is up. Yes, we know that. But there are just the, there's these pockets around the country that it's like, I mean, it is what it is, right? I Mean, you have a beautiful home, but if you decided to move to, you know, Beverly Hills or wherever, and you put that same money you go, it would be, oh, we need to get like a, a Fourth of it probably.


We can't fit the kids. You know what I mean? so I So there's just a reality to it. Yeah, totally. That's not fun to deal with. And so if you do decide I'm gonna work in this area, we also have to figure out how do we get our income up. Yes. In order to go with the ultra high cost of living, we kind of need an ultra high income. Right, right. In order to make this work long term. That's right. And it's, it's the math, which is not always fun. Math doesn't have emotion. We do or I do. George, I wish math had George more empathy. George has some emotion. I should more math. I No, but it's, it's hard. Hard chose the empathetic friend. No, it Sucks. I mean like, yeah man, it's hard. All right, well let's move on and hopefully have more some, some good news. Barbara is in Atlanta. What's going on Barbara?


Hi. I don't know if I have good news or not, but I'm really happy to It. You Barbara, Barbara. We were, we were hoping, but hey, you are The good news. We're happy to talk to Barbara. We're Glad you called. Aw, thank you. So we have, we're getting close to retirement. I'm 63, my husband's 66. We have $700,000 in an investment account. Whoa. Nice. But we Also have $40,000 in consumer debt. So I'm really tempted to take some of that money and pay it off and, but he's starting to draw social security next month and it'll be about 3,500 a month. So I'm wondering if we should use that to pay it off or if we should invest that and take out a lump sum and pay off our debt.


We also have a little mortgage. Okay. What, what's the 700 invested in? It's with one of your smart pro investors. It's, he's got it in a, in a mutual fund account. Is it, is it within like a Roth IRA or a 401k or is it just a standard just growth mutual fund? It's a, No, it's a 401k And. we have a smaller Roth. Okay. But that is essentially, that's your retirement nest egg is the 700 K. That's exactly right. Okay. So that plus whatever we get in social security, that's the retirement plan. So we need to make sure that we can live off of all of that. Yes. Okay. And, we figure it out. We can. Okay. Have you talked to your smart investor pro about the best approach sort of mathematically, strategically for where to pull this money from, whether it's from future income versus your investment account?


We talked about the lump sum and he says he thinks that's a pretty good idea, but he hasn't really gone any further than that. And I'm starting to think that maybe we have some options. You definitely have options. I mean I love the idea of not touching the nest egg. That that would be my number one goal for you guys, is to leave the nest egg to grow because we know on average it's gonna double about every seven years. So seven years from now. Okay. If you don't touch it, it you got 1.4 million. Well that's a very different retirement. And so I don't want you to decimate the nest egg before we even get to retirement. And so if you can use the 3,500 and you continue working, you guys are on a budget. Yeah. Are you guys still working? Yes. Okay. How much are my Husband's gonna work another year and I'll, I'll work probably two more years.


Oh, Okay. Well how much are you guys making? I, well we bring home $8,000 a month. That's our take home. Okay. How Little of that can you live off of? What do you need to get by? Well we break even each month because we've got that consumer debt. And so you're Spending eight grand a month right now? Yes. And. we need an emergency fund. That's our whole problem. 'cause we're spending money that we're putting money on credit cards for like tires and Yeah. Our dogs, you know, need surgery and things like that. So we need to get an emergency fund going to, I'm really dedicated to working these baby steps, but I feel like it's kind of late in life and I don't really know if everything applies the same way.


Totally. Yeah. And it does. And what I would be, you know, thinking about Barbara is yeah, could you pull money? You have 700 grand so could you pull it and pay off this 40 grand and be fine? Yes you could. Totally could. But the truth is, is the way you guys are living, your habits aren't changing by doing that and by living paycheck to paycheck without savings is what I worry about you guys going into retirement because with those habits that magnifies the more money you have. And so I would rather your habits change here in the next year or two as you guys enter retirement more than anything. so I think it would be just a good practice and like you said, you know, you're in your sixties and you're like, is it too late? I'm like, no, it's not too late. But I do think it's harder to change a habit that has been in place for, you know, 40 years or you know, however long you've been working in, in living.


So I think it's gonna, it, it can be a harder change for you guys, but I think it's, I think it's a needed one. and I think taking that eight grand and saying, what can we do to, to not just live off of that paycheck to paycheck, but what can we do to cut expenses, get margin, pay off the 40, get an emergency fund in place, do it all with your income here in the next two years. That would be a great challenge for you all. 'cause then your habits have changed. You've created a new way of functioning with money and then you get to go into retirement with freaking 700 grand, which is amazing. Yeah, That would be my goal. Not, we're not retiring until we're outta debt with an emergency fund. Yep. And that means we're gonna work until we have to. And that should put some fuel to this fire.


thank you for the call. Barbara This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey folks. Dave here. If you haven't booked your cabin on the live like no one else crews, now's the time because it's 90 something percent sold out. You do not want to miss joining me. The RAMSEY personalities and amazing guest entertainers for the ultimate debt-free celebration. We'll be sailing the Caribbean March 22nd through the 29th, 2025, stopping at the incredible Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas and The Bahamas. Hurry to secure your spot with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Rachel Cruz. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five.


If you wanna know the best way to manage your money, there's no get rich quick life hacks here it is. By doing a budget, it's by looking at the reality of what you make and what you're spending and then trying to stick to it. And that's what we've done with our EveryDollar app. It's completely free. We've got over 10 million people using it. You can get it in the app store or Google Play. And it's the same way Rachel and I manage our money. It's the same way I manage money when I was broke and now that I got some, I still use the budget to make sure that I'm hitting my goals and spending what I should be. So go check it out in the app store or Google Play. And if you're listening on YouTube or podcast, we've got a link in the description for you.


Wes is in Philadelphia. What's going on Wes? How can we help? Hi George. Hi Rachel. so I have a question. I am on baby step two and I am. So my wife and I are on baby step two. We purchased some property on a tax sale back in 2020 and then our plan was to, 'cause it was only a couple miles from our house to eventually build a house cash and rent that out. But cha plans have changed. We moved up north to Pennsylvania for my job and I am now looking at selling that property.


And while we're on baby step two, we are looking at selling that property to be able to either A, pay down on our debt and or B, help my wife start a business to be able to increase our income and then pay down the debt faster. How much are you gonna get from the sell of the property? So retail appraised PR value is about $21,000. It's not much land, but if I were to sell it to an investor it would sell much quicker and I would probably get between 10 and 15.


And how much debt do you have? So currently consumer debt, we have 43,000 various, some credit card, some medical. I have a little bit left on my truck along with student loans. And how much do you guys already, how much do you guys make a year? We Already came down 49,000. Nice. Well done. How much do you guys make? thank you. I make one 40 with my salary, but I have the opportunity with bonuses and things to make up to about 180. Okay. How much does your wife make? She stay at home with our two boys. Okay. What kind of business is it that she's wanting to start?


Well, so something we've talked about is for a family business that she would kind of manage is a monthly family type of activity type of thing where we would put together a box of a kit. Oh yeah. So one of the ideas would be maybe for like a spring or a summertime activity. There'd be a small easel in there with a poster board and some water balloons and some water-based paint. And you fill up the water balloons with the paint, throw it out there.


You have an afternoon of fun and you have some artwork to put in the living room. How many of these kits has she sold so far? None yet. We're just in the thought process. Okay. We have not even listed the property yet, so I'm just trying to look at the Okay. What options type of thing. Yep. You would go down. So I would obviously, so I would put this towards the debt and Okay. I would do that because the business model, you know, the, the the business plan, it is not, you know, it it, it hasn't even, you know, been happening. Like it would be different if you're like, Oh, my gosh, she has all this business, she's doing this thing and golly we're making this.


And if we just put a little bit in there, she could make Forex that like if there was actually a proven Yep. Sustainable business, I may could talk about something different. But as of right now yeah, because it's just a, a complete startup whiteboard, I would definitely get you guys in a position where you're debt free. So that 10 grand I would definitely take to that 43, make it 33 and start working your way down. And then I would get an emergency fund in place before you start that business. And then once you guys are debt free with an emergency fund, then she can start that and I would start it very slowly, move at the speed of cash and slowly work her way up.


Because I think sometimes, you know, we talk to people on the show and they, they have a dream and they wanna go get a business loan for 60 grand to start something that's not proven out and they get themselves in a mess. So just for future, future advice, you didn't ask for that, but I'll give that to you for free. No, I, I appreciate that Rachel. And that's the, that's the other other thing is with us looking at selling this little piece of land, we would have that cash And, we were just trying to figure out which would be the Yeah. Better option. Yeah, I would definitely put it towards the debts. Yeah. The secret sauce here is your amazing income. It's not the land, it's not the business opportunity. It's, I make 140 to 180 grand.


Let's take control of that thing. 'cause if you can start throwing six grand a month of the debt, this thing's gone soon. Yes. And so I think we've been hanging on it too long. Yeah, well we've been working on it for a little bit less than a year now And they paid off 49 Now. Yeah. And how many in a year? So you'll do the next half in what, nine, 10 months? If we are unable to sell the property for whatever reason. You know, the storm Helene that went through, I'm not sure if we'll be able to sell it. Yeah. But if we're able to sell it then we will have it paid off before springtime. But if not, then it'll probably be summer to maybe early fall next year.


That's great. Cool. Awesome. Good for you guys, Wes. Well done. Yeah, that's a, that's a lot of hard work. and I and I love the business idea. You know they have some of those subscription boxes and I've gotten them as a gift. One of our kids got one as for birthday gift. That's fun. Yeah, so every month they got this like activity, you know, in the mail is exactly what you're talking about Wes. And it's great and it's great. so I think, yeah, there's some fun outlets and creativity when you see a need out there to be able to Yeah. Start a business. I love it. One day, we'll she'll call back and say I have a hundred thousand for my side business, what do I do with it? That's Right. Like Oh my gosh blew up or 500 Grinch and my husband quit his job. You know, You never know. That's my favorite. Alright, Ben is in Minnesota. What's going on Ben?


Hi George. Hi Rachel. I guess I just have a question about my company funded annuity plan. Okay. And whether I should be investing alongside that maybe right now I'm technically in baby step three. I'm just looking ahead. Okay. But what are the options for retirement through your company? Well the, it's a company funded annuity plan. So whatever I make a month, they'll put in 25% of what I make Their, regardless of their pocket. If you put in anything. So you put in $0, they're still putting in 25% of your income. Yes. That's awesome. It's great.


And then, yeah, it's, it's a national electric annuity plan, so it's like a lot of linemen have it. Yeah. And that's the only retirement utility lineman. There's no like 401k. So you're on your own. Well We have, we have a 401k too, and right now I'm, I've always just put in 5%. It's just kind of the minimum. Okay. So I've just been doing that and just been kind of living that way, but I'm just wondering if I should be putting money into a Roth too. Yeah. So once you have your baby step three completed, so you have your fully funded emergency fund done, then yeah, I would look to say, you know, because the 401k, what's the match there?


Is it 5%? And that's what you're matching to? They They, no, they don't do a match. They don't have a match. Basically their big thing is that they, the big thing is the annuity plan for Them. Okay, got it. Okay, gotcha. Put there's no Roth option. I I would then I would keep my 15% in retirement. I would not do, let, let them do the annuity and all of that. I would not put my own money in it. I would Yes. Go to the No, no, They, they do It. Okay, great. That's awesome. Yeah, so I would go to the Roth first, max it out and then go to the 401k after that. Okay. The reason I'm really asking is it is we're gonna buy my wife's grandparents' house one of these days. They're in their nineties.


So I'm kind of was thinking of flip-flopping maybe step four and was it four and five? Well there's three B where you start saving up the down payment and you get to choose how much you invest during that process. But thanks for the call man.


Hey, if you're listening on YouTube or podcast, the show's about to end. So head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish the show in a distraction free experience. You can go download that in the app store or click the link in the show notes. We'll see you over there. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Badda Bing badda. Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.