
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony, bestselling author of Building a Non-Anxious Life. I guess I'm an aspiring, bestselling author, John. I just pre-launched a book and I hope that it's successful as yours. It's called Breaking Free from Broke. It's on presale right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Work hard, George, aspiring may you accomplish all of your dreams, but we're both YouTubers so we succeeded in that regard, if that's, well, you're crushing me on YouTube, if that's success. Yeah. Well, let's, let's take some calls. The number is triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 will help you take the right next step with your money, your mental health, your relationships, whatever it is.


We will Give you our advice. That is a guarantee. All right, let's start with Jessica in Boston. What's going on, Jessica? Hi. So I am wondering how my husband and I have, we're a family of five. We have three kids, five and under. We both work, we, We make a very good living north of 300 KA year, which almost 50 of it is tax free. 'cause my husband received VA disability pay monthly. But we are, we've had several crisis crises, I guess come up the past two years. And we were debt free.


But now we've, due to the unexpected occurrences, we're now living beyond our means. Paycheck to paycheck, have no savings. And you know, our emotional, our physical health is taking a toll. Our marriage is taking a toll and we, we wanna stop living paycheck to paycheck. How do we get out of this and how can we repair the relationship along the way? Hmm. I'm sorry to hear what you're going through. Yeah. What happened? What were the crises? Yeah, so we, the height of the real estate market, right? We, we sold our first house.


You know, this is our opportunity to get debt free. We were probably, I wanna say between 50 to 65,000 in debt at the height of the market. In 2021, we sold our first home, walked away spot free, paid off the entirety of our debt. And then I got pregnant with our third child. I was only six months postpartum and I was actually struggling with postpartum depression. In, in, I had, we had major complications. I was in preterm labor for almost three months. And I am the breadwinner between me and him. Very high pressured, you know, software sales, technology sales, I should say job.


And which forced me to need to take a, a medical leave of absence due to my postpartum getting so bad. It was literally for the safety of myself and my family that I had to take a medical leave. And the day I returned to work, I was laid off. Oh, in turn, we literally two weeks. Yeah. It was bad. So two, I wanna say a month prior to me going back to work, we had just closed on a new home, our forever home. And the bills piled up quick. So how much debt are you in now? It's probably, I wanna say between 22 to 25,000 total.


And what kind of debt? Yeah, so it's unsecured loan debt, credit card debt. Should I include the car or no? Yes. That's debt, isn't it? Okay. Then it goes up from there. So I would tack on a total, an additional 60, An additional. So you're probably $85,000 in consumer debt. Correct. Are you, are you back to working now? I am, I am. I found a new job fairly soon, within a month, and I am working. Are you still making 300,000? It take some time to build the pipeline again, So, okay. What, what, what's your husband do? Yeah, he works for the government and he was a Marine and now he works for the government as a safety inspector.


Okay. For osha. So I'm gonna let George talk you through this, this debt situation, but I wanna say a couple things, okay? Okay. The first thing is, I'm really, really glad you're still here. Thank you. Appreciate that. And making that call when you're holding a baby is one of the scariest calls you can make, right? It is, yeah. Because there's that demon telling you that they're gonna take your baby away. People are gonna say you're crazy and they're gonna lock you up. And I'm so, so proud of you for doing that. That's hard. And we're good now, right? For the most, most of the time. Well, I still have moments, But yes. There you go. Lemme ask you this way.


You're always gonna be around here, right? Yes. Okay. For sure. Good. The second thing is, if you haven't already, there's gonna come a moment when y'all are gonna have to. And the quicker you get here, the quicker you can begin to do the walk the path that Georgia's gonna lay out for you. You're gonna have to make peace with grieve the crap out of, but make peace with here's the life we had and now here's the one we're in right now. Okay? The more you try to quote unquote get back to what we had, the more you're gonna make yourself nuts because you're just gonna run in a circle. You're gonna be dragging what used to be. That's A fair assessment, Right?


So we used to have $60,000 cars. We don't anymore. We're a Camry family now. Yeah. We used to have a humongous house and we had our forever house. It's not our forever house anymore. You and me are forever husband, but the house isn't, and that's okay. Okay. And we used to make 300 grand. Now we don't. And maybe one day we will again, but that's not the world we're in right now. And so when you make peace existentially with those moments, then ha remember we had a Lexus? Yeah. But now we got, now we got a Corolla and it gets us where we need to go. And you got a bunch of dope marine tattoos, but you're gonna look awesome. Smoking hot, getting out of a Camry. That's just the world we have now, right? Yeah. And it's not less than, it's just different. It's different. And it'll be back. It'll be back.


You're a, you're a hustler. Your husband's a brilliant guy. I mean, you'll be back, but let's make peace with that new world, right? And that new world is awesome, by the way. It's top 1% of planet earth. It's a great world. It's just, we gotta let go of what used to be used to be awesome. And then we got laid off and it sucks. And here we are now. Now it's awesome. Again, just a different kind of, awesome. Okay, So Jessica, this is gonna start with some simple math, but it's gonna end with some sacrifice and behavior change. You ready for it? Absolutely. Okay. Peace of mind is, is Your husband on board too? This is an important factor. He is. He knows how you feel about all this, for sure. Okay, we're gonna get you to solid ground and I'll Give you some options. It'll be a choose your own adventure. My guess is your take home pay is somewhere around 15 grand a month.


Yes. Okay. Correct. So let's look at what our expenses are. What do we need to keep the household running? And you're gonna do that with a budget.


I'm gonna gift it to you. It's called every dollar. I'm gonna Give you the premium version. It's gonna have paycheck planning, connect to your bank account, all the good stuff. Your homework is to list out every single expense you have as a family. And ruthlessly cut out the stuff that doesn't matter that you don't need right now. You got that? Okay? Yep. Gimme a rough estimate of what that would add up to. Five grand For cutting out or the essential, the Total expenses that would keep the house running. Food, shelter, utilities, transportation, all that. Probably 12. 12 Grand. Yep. That with our nanny included. Childcare included. Oh my. For Both of us to work. This is where, remember those sacrifices I mentioned, Jessica, this is where we might have to figure out how to get that 12 grand down to five. So we have 10,000 to throw at the debt and we can be done in eight months. That might mean selling the cars. If you can't make those Sacrifices, it might mean letting the nanny go for a season. This is not gonna be fun, but your life on the other side is gonna be way better for it. So hang on the line. We'll Give you every dollar. We are wishing you the best.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant online quotes.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. Today's question of the day is brought to you by why refi? Why refi, refinances defaulted private student loans defaulted meaning when the borrower can't make the required payments. So if that describes you and you've got private student loans, contact y refi, they can offer you a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Andrea in Arkansas. My husband's mom inherited the family hunting ranch. I would love to get this call one day, which is worth about a million dollars. My husband and I pay most of the expenses. We use our personal equipment to maintain it. And we are the ones who schedule and host hunters. I also handle all the bookkeeping. Andrea call me. So I told my mother in-law that an LLC needs to be created for the amount of business we do. She met with her attorney and now the ranch is now only in hers and my husband's name. I feel like she's trying to cause a rift between my husband and me. I am Hmm. Trying not to judge their family history.


But every one of the other four kids are divorced. This seems to be her way of creating an easy way out of it. If we were to divorce, my husband and I have a strong relationship and he assures me not to worry because this will change nothing in our marriage. But I'm the one doing all the legwork and hoping this doesn't mess up our relationship. Am I wrong for voicing my opinion in this matter? What happens if my husband unexpectedly passed away? We have two questions. We have two kids that will need to be cared for and we earn nothing from the ranch. That those last four words tell me a whole lot. We are, that's really the resentment. She's putting a whole lot of work in. She's getting $0 for it and her name's not attached to it. So there seems to be That's all playing into this picture.


Yeah, there's a, this is a mess. They use their personal equipment to maintain it. They're the ones scheduling, doing all the, she's doing the bookkeeping and she's the one handling telling the mother-in-law to meet with this person. And I, I personally don't know the full story. I don't know if the mother-in-law is being malicious, if this is really a strategic move. This was inherited family land and property Right. That she inherited. So there, the the daughter-in-law doesn't have a right to this land. Correct. Even though she's doing work for, for this property. Right. And I, yeah. So there's multiple things happening here. I think George, I think one of them is you're running a business that doesn't make any money. Stop. Stop running a business that doesn't make money.


Who is making the money? That's the question. The only thing I could think of. You Said we earn nothing. So like the husband or she's not getting anything. The husband's not, is mom making all the money? Yeah. So if husband is using all of his tools and stuff like that to help, 'cause he wants to help out mom and he's the one good kid. He's the, all the other kids are divorced and causing problems and he's the one good kid. So he's just gonna dump some money into this thing. That's, that's one thing. If it's mom's property and she wants to bring on your husband as a co-owner of an LLC in case she passes away, it's easy to go to him. I wouldn't lose sleep over that. But the fact that you're asking this question tells me there's something else going on here.


And if you had trust in your mother-in-law because of the way she has treated you in the past and this came up, you wouldn't think twice about it. Right. If my in-laws, one of my in-laws, my father-in-law or my mother-in-law was to do a joint venture with my wife that I helped with, I wouldn't think twice about it. 'cause I trust both of them implicitly forever. This tells me there's other trust issues and that mom's maybe been trying to cut you out for a long time. And this is another way she kind of ed anyway, whole thing's messy. So I would ask it this way, number one, if your husband likes hunting on this property and it's fun and he likes doing it and he likes to make a little side muscle, side money bringing in hunters in, y'all figured that out.


Even if you bring in side money and all it does is pay the taxes on the land and pays for the feeders, fine. If husband's trying to do this to win's mom's favor and maybe one day she'll leave it to him. Hopefully if she, now we're getting into messy stuff. And if you're running a business that's not earning anything, you need to have that conversation. Yeah. Whole thing's a mess. But I wanna go back to this one question here. Am I wrong for voicing my opinion on this matter? If you are a part of a marriage where both people have a voice and both people can be heard and to say what's on their hearts and on their minds No. No. If you have voiced your opinion and your husband said, I don't care, don't worry about it, then nagging or complaining or going to war is not gonna solve the problem.


Then your marriage has deeper issues, which is your husband doesn't really care what your opinion is on these matters. He's gonna do what he's gonna do. You need to address that core issue. Right? Yeah. And talk to him. You said, what happens if my husband unexpectedly passed away? Figure out what the will looks like and what the estate planning journey looks like and what will happen with this, the LLC that he's a part of. I would, I think you have a right to know what would happen there. But I also wouldn't, I feel like there's just more resentment here because of the effort she's putting in. So maybe she goes, I'm gonna back outta this and y'all can hire a bookkeeper. That's Exactly right. You can hire a bookkeeper, you can hire somebody who is booking these hunts. I'm gonna step out and just be with the kids. There you go. And it's not a job. It's not like we're gonna lose money on it. And y'all knock your lights out if that's something y'all wanna do on the Side, not much to lose here.


That's right. All right, let's go to the phones. Daniel is in Cleveland up next. What's going on Daniel? I, Hi. Thanks for guys for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? So I'm 23 years old. My wife is 24. We have a three month old daughter. My wife stays at home. I'm a nurse. Our yearly income is probably around 60,000. We bought a house around six months ago. We have about $150,000 loan at like 5.6% interest I think. So my question is, we have about a hundred thousand dollars in our, in a high yield savings account.


And it looks like we'll end up getting another a hundred thousand from like an inheritance basically within the next month. Awesome. We have zero debt. I'm just, I guess just like looking forward, I guess, should I be paying off my home? I, I just don't know exactly I guess what to do with the money. I just don't want it to sit there. Yeah. So the a hundred thousand in the high yield, does that include your emergency fund? Is that built into that? Yeah, that's built into that, yes. Okay. So what number would that be? Let's separate it out. I think probably around 20. Okay. Thousand. So 80,000 is freed up. You've got a hundred coming in from the inheritance.


You owe 150 on the mortgage. I would pay off the house as soon as that inheritance comes in. Okay. That's gonna lower your expenses. You've gotta stay at home wife, it's gonna free you up with more margin to build wealth to give to up the lifestyle, whatever it is you want to do with that. But that's absolutely what I would do is especially as you filter it through the baby steps. Are you guys currently investing 15% of your income? No, we're not. So I haven't invested anything yet. I'm just starting to try to, I honestly haven't listened to Dave RAMSEY much other than in the last few months. Cool. Welcome to the cult brother. We're, we're glad you're here. That means you're trying to better your finances and, and your family's future. So I love that. So I would begin. Yeah, I've I'm sure as a nurse you have a retirement plan, right?


Yeah, they're, I think they match like, I think 4% on a 401k. So I need to do that. And then my wife actually has a Roth IRA that her father set up a long time ago. She hasn't put much money into it since then, but well, has been building, You can deposit money into there because of a spousal Roth IRA. So even if that spouse isn't working, because you're married to, you know, she's married to you, you can have, you know, that earned income from you going into that account. So you could max out two Roth IRAs. You could put the 4% to get the match and invest that way. And I'll walk you through this in my book, breaking free from broke and show you that path to building wealth. So I'll send you a copy of that. But the, the spark notes here is I'd get that house paid off.


What's your mortgage payment? It's around 1,200. Okay. So I'm guessing principal interest of that is a big chunk. Oh yeah. I mean, I think we're paying $800 in interest. Just the way that they set up the, you know, the, the loan. Dude, what A gift to me. 23 and 24 and not a payment in the world with plenty of money in the bank. If you just keep living like that, you are going to be a multimillionaire giving very generously. You, You know what, if you pay the house off tomorrow, you just gotta a raise to $72,000 a year. Yeah. Because of the, and it makes sense. I mean, I guess like for us, I'm just feel like I'm at a somewhat of a pivotal point because I'm just don't know exactly what I wanna do.


I also am thinking about going back to school to try to increase obviously our yearly income. I'm really hoping my wife can continue to stay home. Well, No house payment with money in the bank. You can cash flow school and I'll Give you the margin to do that without needing seven side jobs. So you can be there with those young kids. Bro, you Don't have a house payment. This is a great place to be. You Won, you won. If you don't screw this up and go take out stupid student loans because Well, if you're a, an anesthesiologist and you don't take out any loans, grind it, take this extra money and spend it, invest it in yourselves, bro. George, you're right, dude. You won. You won. If you never have a payment again at 23 years old, you're gonna be just fine, my man.


Thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey, it's that time of year starting to get a little bit colder. It's getting a little bit dark earlier. And sometimes if you're like me, you just wanna stay inside and get cozy. And for me, my perfect cozy night is me and all of my family piled under blankets, watching a movie, sitting by the fire, maybe even reading a book. And listen, whatever your perfect night in looks like, sometimes therapy can feel a bit like that. A time when you can settle in. Finally exhale, replenish your energy and begin to take care of yourself. Therapy is a great way to bring yourself some comfort during the chaos and rush of the holiday season or any other time of year. Taking the time to pause and be mindful is one of the reasons I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist just about any time and just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a therapist and you can switch therapists for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Dr. John Delony. Give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five. If you wanna jump into the conversation and talk about your money, your life, your relationships, your mental health, your boundaries, or lack thereof. We wanna help you take the right next step. Shelly joins us up next in Dallas, Texas. Shelly, welcome to the show. Hi, thank you for taking my calls. I'm really just calling because I'm, I've been listening to the show a lot and I know the baby steps and everything and I know that I'm in a position where I can afford therapy, but my question is, it's just, well, it's not more of a question, it's just an emotional issue around spending the money on therapy.


I just feel bad. I know I need it and my husband supports me, but, you know, just, it just makes me feel bad to spend it. It costs a lot and my insurance doesn't cover the, the license therapy part of it. So what's it gonna cost? I do have for you to get this help. Well, I was looking at like BetterHelp and you know, there's, I even saw some more affordable options too, but, So I did sign up with BetterHelp, but I'm just feeling like I'll try it for, you know, the first four weeks and then cancel it. I I start something, you know, I'll start it and, and I start it therapy before, but it was just costing like a hundred a week.


And then I would You feel like this is a wasteful expense in your budget right now? Like, hey, this money should be going toward this. What's behind that? I thi I Start feeling like I, I don't know, it's, and it's part of my anxiety, it's part of the reason why I think I need therapy. Well, I I think it has nothing to do with money. I think money is the excuse that presents itself that gives you an out so that you don't have to go through this fire where healing's on the other side of it. Yeah, it could be, I don't know. I think you should go, It's all confusing. I, I honestly, I don't, I, the feelings might be confusing, but even if you guys were up to your eyeballs in debt and you needed to go to counseling, we would tell you to stop paying off your debt.


Pause and go to counseling. Get the help you can care that you need. Yeah, I, it's, I'm trying to wrap, I'm trying to, it's, it's, you can tell yourself, I know this is so important my health, but it just feels, it just hurts to pay it. I don't know. I was raised poor, you know, I grew up in a poor family and we're doing really well now and I just feel like That's it right there. You know, we need to, that's it right there for the Future. You know why? Because when you grew up other people, those people over there, they got counseling. Yeah. They took quote unquote took care of themselves. We don't got time for that. We don't need that. Only weaklings and wimps do that.


Yeah. Right. Yeah. Those People, they, it was, you didn't even wanna say, oh I need therapists because you would, in my family it would be like, oh, well you are crazy. You know, You know what? In your family, tell me if I'm wrong, in your family, you didn't say that you needed anything. No, I, I actually struggled with eating disorder and everything starting when I was a teenager and now I'm in my forties and having panic attacks and I had a traumatic event last year medical with neuropathy for chronic pain for like eight months. Yep. In my face. It's time and it's time. I can't sleep without heavy medicine. It's time. It's time.


Whatever it takes. If there was a medication Shelly that was $300 a month, but it changed your life, would you say that was a worthy $300 to spend? That wasn't wasteful. Yeah. And well I am spending a lot on my psychiatrist for the medicine, so that's that. I have to have that or I just can't function. But your psychiatrist has been telling you for a long time, I'm gonna Give you these meds, but you need to go talk to somebody, haven't they? Yeah, he did say Ccbt would help me correct This time. I think we need to refile this in our brain as this is not a wasteful thing that I could be spending in this. And this is, it's too much in our budget into, hey, this is like paying for insurance. This is keeping the lights on, this is paying for the internet bill. This is gonna add so much utility and value to my life that I can't imagine not doing it.


And it may not be forever. This may be a season that you go through and then it's over. Yeah. Yeah. I was kind of wondering about, I know everyone's different, but I was wondering about like, on average kind of how, how long it could take. I've, you know, I've had friends tell me, oh, it took so and so a year to, to to really, but I mean If you struggled, listen, if you struggled With, with the tunnel, If, if you've struggled with disordered eating since you were a child and you grew up in a pretty tough place and it's pretty tough situation. And if you think so little of yourself that the idea of spending money to make sure you're whole and well so that you can show up for you and for your husband and for others.


If that shuts your body down or sets off your body's alarms, it's gonna be a while. So I think it's counterproductive or I'm telling you it's counterproductive to say, okay, I'll Give you four and then I quit. That's like going to the, to the car dealer and saying or to the mechanic and saying, Hey, everything's broken on the car, you got 30 minutes and then I'm just gonna come pick it up. Yeah. I want you to completely reframe this. And I put the stress on myself that I put the stress on myself that I feel like I have to hurry and fix myself in this amount of time. Well, right. And you're not somebody, listen, I I used a bad analogy. You're not somebody to be fixed. Okay? You're not broken.


Your body's working exactly as it should given the set of circumstances you grew up in plus some genetics. And what you're gonna learn is different ways your body can get through a day. That's what, that's what counseling's gonna do. It's gonna let you practice, it's gonna teach you relationship. It's gonna teach you some new skills over time, your body's gonna learn, Hey, we weren't safe then. Whew, we're safe now. All of that is worthy of an investment. Go. Don't think twice about it. And, and listen to this, this is important. Your feelings are not designed to tell you the truth. Your feelings are designed to keep you safe given a set of circumstances. So this morning I did not feel like writing in a journal.


I didn't, but I did it because I'm a better husband and a better dad. On the other side of that, when I get all this crap outta my head and outta my body and onto a piece of paper, I will not feel like working out When I get home tonight, I won't feel like it at all. I'm tired. It's the weekend and I'm gonna go do it 'cause I promised myself I would and it makes me a better fill in the blank. A fill in the blank. So your feelings, I feel like I want to quit. Cool. I get that. I'm gonna acknowledge those feelings that's real and then I'm gonna keep going and I feel like I'm wasted money. Cool. I your body's, your body grew up poor it put a GPS pen in poverty it put a GPS pen and stop spending money on quote unquote you getting. Well cool, I feel that and I'm gonna go anyway 'cause I'm gonna get, well, I'm worth being.


Well That's a good word John. And tactically, Shelly adding this as a line item in your every dollar budget that says Shelly's therapy. And then you know what's gonna happen is December, it's gonna feel like, oh gosh, that $300 came out for those sessions. Then January, it's like, oh yeah, we have that in the budget. Then February it's like, oh yeah, we've had this in the budget and all of a sudden it becomes normal. Especially as you excel through the baby steps and you get to a different place financially. There's expenses in my wife and i's budget that, you know, 23-year-old George would be like, whoa, that guy's blowing some money into us. It's no, we're buying ourselves peace. We're buying our time back with some of these things. And it's therapy is not a luxury. It is financially for people who can't afford it, but it's not a frivolous expense.


It's definitely worth being. Well, and John talks about this in his new book, building a Non-Anxious Life, which I'd love to send Shelly a copy of that John, if you don't mind. Absolutely. And stay on the line. I'm gonna hook you up with three free months of BetterHelp with my friends there. Okay? I'm gonna take that excuse away. Three free months of BetterHelp. But if you and your therapist decide, hey, it's probably best if you keep going, I want you to keep going and stay plugged in. That's very kind of you John. You wield that kind of power here on The Ramsey Show. I don't, I've got an extraordinary partner with BetterHelp and they really, really care about people getting well and so it's their generosity, not mine. That's very kind. So hang on the line Shelly. We're gonna send you a copy of Dr. John Maloney's bestselling book, building a non-Anxious Life and three months of BetterHelp on us to get you started on this path.


We are cheering you on and I'm proud of you. That's a, that's not an easy thing to call into a national radio show and put that all out there and go, I'm struggling with this. I wanna get the help I need. And I know a lot of people are benefiting from this call who probably need to take that next step too. John, Dude, I, I remember being a six foot two, a hundred ninety five pound Texas male sitting at my kitchen table while my little boy was asleep and my wife was asleep in the room weeping at my kitchen table. 'cause I knew I had to and I also felt like such a wimp and such a weakling and such a coward and all those things. And I went and it's changed everything. Go get the helping care that you need. Thanks so much for the call Shelly.


More of your calls coming up. The number is triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. We'll be right back.


Hey, I'm excited to talk about a new sponsor, Burna. You all probably know I'm a gun guy but I'm big on safety so I'm also a burna guy. Burna is the un Gunn a less lethal option that protects you in more ways than one. A burner is effective self-defense when you need it. It also helps protect your assets from lawsuits if you have no choice but to use force because a burna pistol immobilizes attackers without fatal harm. I have several Burna pistols and I love them. In fact, I had a burner before they started advertising with us. They're easy to use with no recoil and no noise reduction needed. They're legal in all 50 states with no permits required and because they're not firearms, they can be shipped right to your door and you can train with a burner right in your backyard. Plus our listeners can get the RAMSEY Burna bundle for 10% off, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off for RAMSEY fans. See why Berna has more than 15,005 star reviews. Just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave


Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. This is The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined here by a good friend George Kamel. Let's go out to Alexis in Phoenix. Hey Alexis, what's happening? Hi, can you hear me okay? Absolutely. What's up? All right, so I'm 15. My mom just told me this morning that my parents have had to dip into their savings the past two months. Okay? She's, my mom has stayed home with us and homeschooled us for 10 years and she's gonna have to get a part-time job. And I'm just wondering like how my savings and how me savings for my future, it's into that. 'cause I kind of feel guilty having extra money every month or having my own money putting into savings while they're struggling.


Yeah Man, they are lucky. They are. They are lucky to have you as their kid. You are the oldest 15-year-old I've ever talked to. I know. That's fantastic. Okay, I'm gonna tell you something really hard to internalize and you're gonna hear these words and your, your guts aren't gonna believe me. Okay? Okay. It's not your job. You are doing an incredible job planning for your future and your parents have made grownup choices. Like whatever job your dad is working at is a choice. He's chosen to work and that's his trade. That's what he does. And your mom made a choice, we wanna stay at home. That was a collective values-based decision that they made.


And then there was a math problem they ran into. And like adults all over the country, brave adults are saying, okay, this is what we wanted. This isn't gonna be, this isn't the way this is gonna work out for a while, so we're gonna have to alter our plan to do something else. And so I'm actually proud of your parents for doing that. It's awesome. It's just gonna look different. Okay? Yeah. The greatest thing you can do for your parents is you take care of your business in the classroom. You take care of your business like as a teammate around that house, right? Make sure you take care of your responsibilities with excellence, which I know you do. And be sober minded. Be intentional about planning for the future, what college is gonna look like, what it's gonna cost, where are you gonna go, what are you gonna study, all of those things.


That's the way you support your parents. Not by taking your part-time job money and trying to keep the lights on. Now they're making 'em a moment when they ask you for that. Doesn't sound like that's what's happening. It sounds like your mom sat, sat you down like a good mom. She actually sounds incredible. Sat you down and said, Hey, we've had some hard realities that we're dealing with and so I'm gonna have to go to work. And so home's gonna look a little different for a season. Is that what happened? Yeah, I, I applaud her 'cause a lot of parents would try to hide that. They'd be ashamed of that. They'd be scared of that. And your mom did the right thing. She sat down and told you a hard truth and that also means that she trusts you. Yeah. Does that make sense? That she thinks you're wise enough to hear that? That's scary, that's scary stuff. Okay.


But keep that in your mind and in your heart. It's not your job. Okay? Yeah. Do you believe me? Yes. No you don't. But it's okay. It's, it's okay if you don't. So there are some tactical things you can do, Alexis. One is, you know, you're 15, you're starting to enter that age where you can go get some part-time jobs. And one thing you can do is instead of going, Hey mom and dad, I want the new iPhone, it's $1,200. You can go work for that and save for that. And you cover your own expenses of things that are kind of the luxuries in your life. You don't have to go pay the water bill but you can cover, you know, going out to the movies with your friends. It sounds like you already do that. Yeah. Oh yeah. Awesome. Yeah, I just, I wasn't sure if that was okay for me to continue to have like absolute what I see I That's great things.


Yes. Flexing that muscle at 50. I wish John and I were that smart at 15. Yes. Goodness gracious. I didn't know what day it was when I was 15. And yes, you listen, we often think that pain is some zero or that grief is some zero. And what that means is that George loses his job and I get a flat tire and I am upset, I'm whining about my flat tire and George goes, oh yeah, you think that's bad. I lost my listen. Grief and sadness aren't sum zero. You can go have joy while your parents are making life adjustments at their home because one doesn't, you not, you just sitting at home and not having fun and not hanging out with your friends and spending your spending money by going to the movies you doing that doesn't help the, the bills get paid.


Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah. It it's just you joining into their misery into something that you didn't cause it's not your job. Okay. Yeah. And so yeah, go have fun with your friends. I love what George says. If you know, hey now's not the time to go ask for the iPhone whatever, 13 or 17 or whatever number they're up to now, that's cool, that's fine. But do go have joy in your life, okay? And I'm gonna do one, one better for you Alexis. I'm gonna Give you financial peace university. And one thing you can do is you're casually hanging out living room watching financial Peace University and you go, Hey mom, dad, if you wanna join me, like I'm learning so much in this, if you guys wanna join me, I think it'd be really cool for us to go through it together and not as a pla from a place of shame of like, Hey mom and idiot, just tell me you guys are broke.


This might be good for you. I called the 50 50 a couple of idiots on the radio, I got you solved. Telling the the person who wiped your butt, you know, seven years ago this. So just go watch it yourself And I think you modeling that might inspire them, motivate them, give them some hope. And when the time comes you're gonna get older and they're gonna be asking you for advice. That's right. And so it's a great place to be. So hang on the line. Jenna's gonna pick up, we're gonna gift you financial Peace University for one year as well as every dollar premium. And you can get on a budget at 15 and they might see you doing that and go, what was that you did? That's pretty cool. Go ahead and send her Anthony O'Neill's debt free degree too. Jenna and she can start reading on now thinking about and caboodle college is gonna look, look like in the future.


Let's go to Vanessa in Charleston. Hey Vanessa, what's going on? Can you hear me? Yes ma'am. What's up? Okay. I'm so grateful to talk to you. Thank you. I'm, I'm struggling with some issues. Alright, bring it on. We are too. Okay. Yeah. And there's so many details. I'm gonna try to keep it nice and tidy. Okay. I'm 51 years old. I've dated a man for about 10 years. We've lived together. I'm wanting to end the relationship. Kind of my issue is when we met, I sold the house that I'd raised my kids in and I had went through Dave RAMSEY and I had cleared all my debt. So when we met I was debt free and I had a little bit of money in the bank about four years ago.


We bought a house close to my daughter and it was real small and then another house came up around the corner and it was in foreclosure. I got a decent deal on it, So I bought it. I own another house about 20 minutes away. And part of my issues are, number one, I'm wanting to end the relationship with my boyfriend. My other issue is I'm having some domestic issues with my daughter, if you will. And I think maybe some space, sometimes some part, you know, some space between us would be good. So I have a total of four houses. What's your mortgage total on those four houses?


I'm, I'm, I'm broke When I leave the relationship I have nothing other than these houses and my income Is his name on these? On the deeds? No, not on these. So you, your name only is on all these deeds. That's right. Okay. So can you sell all four houses? Yes. I think it's time to start fresh. Yeah. So my issue with it is, I mean, you know there my daughter's having some issues, you know Is having four is having being broke and having all of your money tied up in these four houses gonna help your daughter. No, no, no. I guess where I'm struggling with it is you, I mean two of the houses are rented out.


Do I sell the rentals and try to save the house that I'm in? Which is not necessarily desirable to me. It's the nicest of the houses, but it's nice to me because I'm close to my grandkids but my daughter and I are having some issues trying to decide whether or not to put space between us or what, you know what I mean? Or do I Well When are the leases up for the renters? When, When do I the first of the year for both. Okay Then we say we're not renewing the lease, I'm selling the properties. Here's what, here's what I want here, here's what I want you to do. Start thinking of it this way. You're trying to look at this as a math problem, as a mothering problem, as a mental health issue, problem as a relationship problem.


Whenever my life gets this chaotic, I'm gonna clean up my environment and take as many variables off the table as possible. And right now you are leveraged to the gills in four houses that you can't afford. And it doesn't sound like you even want them. And if I'm you, again, I would talk to an attorney before you start dividing all this up. 'cause he may be claims to this and that. I'm gonna take the variables that I can control off the table. I can't control the relationship mess, I can't control my daughter's situation. We're gonna have to work through that. I can control how chaotic my life is trying to run four households at the same time. I'm gonna sell the houses and clear that debt. George, what do You think? Agreed. Awesome.


Alright. Hey, that's the first hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Thank you for listening. We'll be right back.


Hey guys, I've never done this before but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable in Field of Greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or Field of Greens will Give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm RAMSEY Personality George Campbell joined by my good friend and one of America's favorite Johns. Dr. John Delony. And we are here for you America, taking your calls at triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Maybe you need some advice, some motivation. Maybe you need to take that next step with that broken relationship. The toxic boss, the debt that's been hanging over your head for far too long and you're just ready to make some changes and live a better, more peaceful life. That's what we're all about on this show.


Mary is going to kick us off in Cleveland, Ohio. Mary, welcome to the show. Hi, how are you doing today? Doing well. How are you? I'm gonna be honest. I'm a little nervous and anxious right now. We Got you Mary. It's just us here. Just us girls. Let's talk. Okay. What's going on? So I'm calling in because my husband is a gambling addict and has been since January of this year when it became legal in Ohio. It has caused the heaviest toll on our marriage, on our relationship, our family. And I'm at the point where I have tried many routes with this, trying to be very gracious on how I go about it.


Trying to be respectful as a wife, trying to support his mistakes but trying to get him the help he needs and nothing is working. And at this point he is very adamant about continuing to do it and I'm at the point where I feel that I need to, you know, take my daughter and take a step away, not divorce, but maybe take some separation until he figures it out. But I honestly don't wanna have to do that. But I don't know what else to do right now. What makes you think that or what's happening that you feel like I need to get me and my daughter out of this to be safe? Well I think you're right. I think you're right by the way. But I want you just to articulate what something else is going on.


Like what's happening in your home. It's just an extremely tense environment. We argue all the time, which you know, we, we go ahead. Are you arguing 'cause he is losing thousands and thousands of dollars or arguing because he's just glued to his phone all the time and he's angry 'cause he wins and loses. Or as most as is most of the time, the gambling behavior and the addictive actions that are keep like this compulsion is indicative of a much bigger issue in your marriage. Y'all don't talk to each other, you don't listen to each other. There's no intimacy. It's just become a mess. And gambling is the way he's choosing to handle that, that global dysfunction inside your home?


Correct. Okay. All of it. Yes. And I mean the line is the biggest thing as Well. Sure. So anytime somebody has a boundary inside of a marriage that they're thinking about laying down, right, like this is, this is my, this is my final straw, this is my line that I won't cross anymore. I always want to encourage them to have an or what statement because the person they laid the boundary down is going to want to know. Can you give an example? Yes. So you need to have an or what statement You sit down with your husband and say, if we don't go to marriage counseling by the end of this weekend or we don't have a date on the calendar by the end of this weekend and it's next week.


And if you don't go, here's the, or what me and our daughter are moving out. Okay. Period. You just have to be prepared for the or what because the or what comes with a lot of complexity. And I know it sounds super cool to be like you, like you're gonna, you can Google this and on these stupid websites that are gonna tell you like just leave him, you don't deserve, that sounds all well and good, but there is a significant financial complexity to this, right? Yeah. And I, I mean I really don't want it to have to come. Of course not. And still love him. Of course you do. And we have a family together. Of course you do. I want you to keep this front and center as you move forward.


You are simply doing what you have to do to keep your family safe and responding to somebody that's thrown a grenade inside your home. Yeah. You're not the one doing this. And he will paint you as the villain here He has. That's right. Because he gets to do it whatever he wants to do. Whenever he wants to do it with quote unquote y'all's money. And he can, you're just whining and nagging and complaining and on and online gambling. Online sports gambling is destroying individuals and homes across this country, period. And dude, I always watch the fights. I love watching the games. I love having some fun with my friends.


So it's not that I'm like this fuddy daddy that sits in my house and and plays bingo all the time. I love, I love the whole environment and yet this is destroying people. Yeah. And you've told him that and he has told you, I don't really care what you have to say. I'm gonna keep doing whatever I want to do. Yeah. And I mean it's, it's been the past few months, I guess to give just some quick context. So pretty much in a lump sum, he has spent between 30 to $40,000. Has he lost it? Oh yeah. Like he's lost all, all of it. Okay. We don't, there's, there's no, I mean he's, you know, won a couple thousand here or a hundred here, things like that.


But it's, it's, he is all together since the beginning of this year. It's been around $40,000. And can we be honest? This is what you know about. Yeah. I promise there's more. This Is all I know about. Yes. That's All I know about more. Lemme ask you some, a very tactical question. If you move out, do you have, do you have a job? Do you have money? Yes. I I I have a job, but we, so he's in nursing school, so Hold on, hold on, hold on. He is making choices. You are keeping yourself safe. If he's in nursing school, then he gets to take care of his pay for nursing. He gets to make all those choices on his own. You need to have your four walls covered for you and your baby if you choose to suffer.


Do you have your own bank account? Yes, I actually did probably about two months ago at this point. That was one of the steps I took was separating good our finances. We never recommend that, except in this moment. Does it direct, does your check direct deposit into that account? It's still in our joint. And I will just say so pretty much because we don't have any, like we don't have any financial security right now. So with my job and his job, we get paid each week. So I get paid and then he gets paid the following and so on and so forth. So with our money that we have right now, I want to take the money from like my check and put it into ours. But then all the bills come out from our joint 'cause we haven't switched any of those yet.


So all of like, pretty much each paycheck that we get each week is going towards bills, going towards groceries and gas. And then there's nothing left over. So I want you to get with a friend and I want you to map this out. Okay? Okay. And you're gonna have to move your direct deposit to your new account. And you would know as well as I do. He's gonna hit the roof, isn't he? Yeah, he he already did when I, I mean everything I do, I he he Does. That's right. Are you safe? Yes. Okay. He's not gonna hit you or hurt you? No. Okay. So we are getting with a friend and we're gonna map this out. What's an apartment gonna cost? What are the light and water bill gonna cost?


And we're gonna get all this LA mapped out and lined out. We're gonna make sure that our check can cover that. And you might need to get some new hours and all that kind of stuff. Childcare, all those things. And then we're going, we're going to sit down and be very articulate and clear about my or what statement this changes or here's what I'm going to do. You can't control anything he does. You can only control what you do. I hate during this situation, stay on the line. We're gonna hook you up with every dollar so you can begin to control what you can control. If and when you have to step away, we'll be right back.


You've got a lot to keep organized in life. Kids and calendars and carpooling and cleaning. I mean it is so much. That's why you need a knock box. That way if something happens to you, you leave your loved ones with happy memories. Not a huge mess. Knock box is a complete system to help you organize your accounts, personal history, estate planning documents, and all your other info in one place. I'm talking about everything from life insurance policies and social media accounts to your dog's vet divided into 15 simple categories. Plus they've got checklists that tell you what to add to each folder so your family won't have to guess where everything is. So start getting organized today@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. Your family will. Thank you. That's knock box N. Okay. box.com/ RAMSEY.


I don't know about you, but I love the new year. It's a fresh start and I get to reflect on the good things I wanna keep doing and the not so good things I wanna change. And I know a lot of you are psyching yourself up thinking, okay, this year I've got to get my finances in order. And big goals like that are really exciting, but they can also be overwhelming. That's why it's so important to have a plan. So before you do anything else, start with a budget. Start with every dollar. I love every dollar because it's so easy to plan out your spending and keep track of it every month. Plus most people free up on average, $400 in their first budget to go towards their goals. Guys, this can be an amazing year. And if you choose just one good habit to start, choose budgeting, download the every dollar budgeting app for free today.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony. This hour the number to call to ask your question is 8 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Jane joins us up next in Lawton, Oklahoma. Jane, welcome to the show. Hi, how are you? We're doing great. How can we help you today? Oh, okay. So this is tough. So I've been married about two years, and before we got married I agreed to not sharing the bank account. I understood his reservations. I do have a full-time job. Alright. And a couple of months ago I thought, well, maybe I really do need to learn to manage my finances better, because according to him, like I haven't proven that I know how to manage money.


And I started listening to the Dave RAMSEY show because I thought that, you know, I do of the Ramsey Network, and I have realized that my problems are a lot more intense than I really, than, than, than just a financial disagreement or a communication issue. You know, he's gone half of the time with his job and he doesn't leave, he will not give me money for groceries, any necessities. Anytime I bring that up, he tells me I need to manage my money better. Do you have a debit card? Do I have a debit card?


Yeah. How much money, like, control and access does he Give you to money? Oh, zero. So you can't spend a dime if you even wanted to. No, I mean, I have my money, like my paycheck, but that's it. Okay. And you're working full-time? Yes. Do you have any kids? But I Mean, I have one daughter. How old is she? 10. Okay. Is he the dad? No. Okay. Are are you safe? Yeah. I mean, physically yes. How I, all right, I'm gonna trust you.


Okay. The, the data suggests that guys who act like this are physically abusive as well. And I would even go as far to say, maybe hasn't thrown a punch, but has created a world that is so unsafe for your body that it shuts itself down and tries to get small because there's a bear living in that house. Yeah. I mean, I, I've been through some pretty traumatic things in my life. Okay. But like on paper, that would be way worse than this. I've never had a panic attack until recently, So I know, like full on like panic attack. Okay. And I know, like, I'm educated enough to know that like your body starts to do things when It's trying to get your attention.


Yeah. Right. So what's keeping you there? Well, I mean, I do, I mean, I did make a vow to him and I take that seriously, but I mean, I have a couple of thousand dollars in debt now that I didn't have before because I have to put gas and groceries on credit cards sometimes. Do, you know? And He makes, he makes about four times what I do. Sure. I I don't wanna weave this back and forth into a finance situation than out of a finance situation. You're in a extremely toxic environment. You're in an unsafe environment. And if we haven't crossed lines yet, we will at some point.


And when, even when the way you started the call, he told me, I haven't proven my, like, just those words alone, let me know. This is very much a father daughter relationship. Far, far more than it's a husband and wife creating a future together. Right? I mean, he, I mean, if he, he does control everything. I mean, not just money. And if something's not up to done the way he wants it done, I mean, he will threaten to put me out. Gosh, why are you, why I mean, trivial stuff like feds not being Besides the vow, which, I mean, this doesn't sound like a marriage. If you just talk hearing you say this out loud, just sounds like toxic roommate situation.


What is he actually signing up for when he signed up for this marriage? I had recently asked him that. And I mean, he was like, well, I married you because I love you, But I is this love. I don't think love should feel like this. It does not. This is control. This is power. And I, I, this is, this is, I'm speaking on behalf of John Delony now on behalf of the Ramsey Network here. And so I, I take a much broader view of the word fidelity. I think you can cheat on somebody and never sleep with another person. But if you steal from somebody their dignity and their autonomy and their ability to have feelings and thoughts and a and a partnership in a relationship that's not fidelity.


Right? You are cheating that person out of their life. You're cheating that person out of connection. Okay? And So I take a much broader view, I think, and some people are very narrow. Like you gotta have sex with somebody else, otherwise it's not cheating. I I, I, I have a much broader view than that, but I'm listening to my sister Jane here, and you're slowly drowning and you know it, and your body's trying to get your attention. And So I guess what George and I are asking you two guys who love our wives, and we're not perfect man, but I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to sit across the table from you and say, why are you, what are you doing? Why are you here? Why are you staying? What's the hook? You got a couple thousand dollars. Who cares?


You're two tough and resilient and brave. You'll have that paid off in no time. Like something else is here. Like, what's the hook? Why are we staying? I mean, I don't know that I could Well, I mean, some of it's like, I want to say that like I, I gave my all You, I I don't think you're being allowed to give your all, because the person you're connected to is saying, I, you can take your all and flush it down the toilet. Go make the bed the right way. Yeah. Are you scared to leave? What would be the repercussions if you said, Hey, I'm out. I mean, I, I mean I just want a stable life for my child.


This is not it. Your child is absorbing top to bottom what love looks like, what marriage looks like, what equality looks like, Absorbing it in into their DNA. Now, I, I, I will never, unless somebody is being physically like assaulted, I, I'm not gonna tell somebody they have, they need to leave their marriage. I've often told people, you need to get to where you are safe. And we may need to take a structured 30 day break. I'm gonna go move in with a friend for 30 days. We're gonna be very clear on when I come, when I come back, what the conditions of coming back are gonna be.


But, and again, you're, you and I, it's, you gotta make this choice. You're, you're an adult. I don't see that going over well. Do you see your current situation going over well? Well, I mean, I probably wouldn't have reached out to you guys if that. I know. I know, I know. And I hope you hear that. We love you. I'm worried about You Neither options are easy. Let's just make that very clear. Staying is really hard and leaving is gonna be hard. But one leads you to where you're free and that your daughter's safe and you're safe and you can get to a better place financially instead of living in this prison. And we just want what's best for Jane.


Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm scared Yeah. To make a decision. Yeah. And Do you have people who, that you know and trust that can sit with you and hear the, the entirety of the story? Yeah, a little bit. Have you opened up, do they know? Yeah. What do they tell you To leave? Okay. If your friend was in the situation, what would you tell her? I I mean, I, I never imagined myself in this situation. No, that's what, that's what makes these abusive situations so surreal. 'cause it's like there's no way that's happening. I I've heard that over and over, that there's no way this is happening to me.


And it may even be, in your case, happening again. Right? Yeah. I've never experienced anything quite like this, but I I I'm just scared of, I I I'm, I'm really just, I don't know what I mean. I know what I need to do. Yeah. But Here's what I want you to do. I want you to reach out to a couple of friends to reach out to a local counselor in your community. Not to go quote unquote get well right now. But you need someone that's gonna walk alongside you as you have a very challenging road ahead of you. Whether you stay and try to figure out how to make this thing work or you decide to create an alternative life outside of this relationship. But listen, you're worth being well


At you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fair Winds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Hey guys, no matter what your goals are in 2025, our New Year's sale has tools and resources you need to get the year started strong with prices starting at just $9 and 99 cents. Whether you wanna make progress with your money, grow in your career, or create a more peaceful life, you can achieve your goals. And these books and products can help shop the New Year's Sale now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, host of the Entree Leadership Podcast, the fine print and co-host of Smart Money Happy Hour. Join this hour by the host of The Dr. John Delony Show. You guessed at America, it's Dr. John Delony himself. They had to, but how funny would it be if there was a different host, If it was Dan? Hey, my name is Dan. I'm hosting The Dr. John Delony Show. It's kinda like us, me and you hosting The Ramsey Show. That's true. At least Dave took his first name off of it. That's to make it less awkward for all of us. It's great. Well, we are here for you America taking your calls about life money, mental health, relationships, career. It all kind of blends into one blurry thing we call life. And we're here to help you take the night the next step, and help you make a breakthrough in that.


So triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number to call. Renee joins us up next in Orlando, Florida. Renee, welcome to the show. Hi. Thank you. So just a little bit of backstory. My husband and I were in our mid thirties and we both work for front in frontline positions at one of the major theme parks in the area. And we also have a 6-year-old son. And for the last three months we've been living in a hotel because we could no longer afford our rent in our apartment. And financially we are just not in a place to buy a house. We've been able to secure an apartment, but the real issue is we ended up falling for, as you would say, George, the stupid tax of getting into payday loans, ah, and installment loans.


And now we're like $25,000 in debt and We make like 75,000 a year. But between the weekly payments on those loans and our regular bills were suffocating under, under our debt. And we don't know how to get out of it. We were just turned onto your show, the RAMSEY solutions, maybe like a couple days ago from a coworker of mine. And we've found hope in it so far. But we've been hearing stuff on the show, like baby steps in emergency fund and we don't know what any of that stuff is. And we just, we don't know how to start.


We don't know where to go from here. We don't have anything in savings. We don't have anything for retirement. We don't have anything for our kids. And we would like to have more children someday and set up a stable future and a stable home life for them eventually. So I so sorry to hear all about this for now. Gosh, Are you ready? Yes. Like when George starts talking here, I, you have to say you're ready. And what that means is you're ready to quit your jobs if you have to. You're ready to move outta the area if you have to. You're ready to change everything. Are you in? Yes, we're ready. Steve, my husband and I, we've already started looking into schooling to get different jobs.


You know, stay in the jobs that we have right now so that we can fund the schooling that we're going to 'cause the company we're at, they will fund higher education okay. For free. And my husband, he currently has a bachelor's in psychology and wants to go to school for a master's of social work to be a guidance counselor. And I'm looking into real estate school because I don't have any desire to go to college per se and throw money into a system where there's no guarantee of me getting a job in that field. So, Okay, so you're ready? So George is gonna walk you through it. Yeah. Yeah. So I love that you guys want to further your education and get outta this hole, but right now we're in survival mode.


And So I'm not thinking about school. I'm thinking about how are we gonna put food on the table and stop living in hotels and make sure our six year old's taken care of. And so a one is to stop going into debt. Are you guys done there? Are you still having to take out these payday loans to get by? No, we're, we're done. We, we did take out some credit cards a couple months ago, but we have since stopped using them. Cut 'em up. Cut 'em up. Can you physically cut them up? Yes. Cut 'em up and throw them away so you don't know the numbers anymore. Okay. And then we're gonna pay those off completely and we're gonna close all of those accounts, okay?


And we're not gonna look at credit card companies and payday loans as a blessing to get us through next week. They are snakes, Okay? They prey on people in your situation, okay. Who are working their butts off to try to make it work. And they want the best for their little kid and just can't make the ends meet they prey on you. They give me and George, they give us free flights and you pay for 'em. Okay? They are not your friend. So once we're saying no to debt, let me ask the interest rate on these payday loans. 'cause I think it's gonna make us all throw up. Well, too much to Wanna carry money. Is it in the hundreds?


Probably. I mean we're, we're, we're spending $1,200 a month on these payday loans on the weekly Payment. What other debt do you have? We both have car payments and I've looked into selling them off and we are basically upside down on both of our cars because again, it was a buy here pay here kind of place. So astronomical interest rates. Okay. What other, you have two car loans. You got the payday loans, you have the credit cards. What else? The credit cards were actually not in debt on, we, We make those payment. Zero balance. Zero balance, okay. We just stopped using them. But we also have like medical bills and collections.


I have maybe $1,200 in medical bills and collections, and my husband has 1400 in corrections. Okay. So what we're gonna do is a one is we're not going into more debt. That's baby step zero. We're gonna stop the bleeding. Your next step okay, is to scrape together a thousand dollars as quickly as possible. That's a, that's gonna go into a savings account. I know that sounds like, how are we gonna do that? We have no margin. And this is where we go. Obviously you guys aren't living lavishly. All of your money is going to debt. We Haven't, Lily lived lavishly in a long time. So right now your expenses, I haven't gotten a haircut in a year. Your expenses are your four walls is what I'm guessing. Food, utilities, housing, transportation.


Yeah, basically. And then anything my kid needs, Okay, Our kid needs This might mean that we are working 60, 70 hour weeks and we're trading spots to take care of the 6-year-old for a few weeks just so we can get out from being underwater. Let's tell her what that like, that means he, your husband gets off of work and he doesn't come home. Yep. That's what we've been doing. My husband's been doing double shifts. Good. Six, six or seven days a week because he can good my, my role at this theme park, they don't allow overtime. Okay. But basically, Have you talked to your employer, your leaders there, and explain what's going on? Basically? Yeah. Okay. And there's, Could they put you up in some of their housing on the property temporarily?


They Don't, they don't have it. I mean, they have it for the college kids, but Do you have somebody who not for actual, do you have somebody who could watch your kid for you? We, we will now because like our closest family is three hours away. But we recently acquired an apartment, thank God, in a complex that's an hour away from work. But we actually have friends that live in the complex that would be willing to, So it might be for 30 Days know, watch our fun from time to time. Well, it might be for 30 days. You ask them, tell 'em, hey, we're in a mess. And the moment you get off, you're going straight to drive Uber or deliver Uber Eats or deliver Instacart.


Okay? And all we're trying to do is get a thousand dollars, get a thousand dollars. You are gonna get a thousand dollars in your account and you're gonna take a deep breath for the first time in a long time. Okay? Okay. And you're gonna do whatever it takes, even if it's, I'm staying with friends, I'm gonna get plugged into a local church and do whatever you can to get there, baby. Step two is listing all the debts, smallest to largest, regardless of the interest rate and attacking it with a vengeance. With all the margin you can muster up with all the income you can create with all the expenses you can shave down. And it might be hard at first, but when you knock out that first debt, you are gonna be on cloud nine. And you're gonna feel like, oh my gosh, we can do this thing and you're gonna knock out the next debt and the next debt. And what does that do? It frees up the payments on those now giving you a bigger snowball to keep rolling.


And that's called the debt snowball method. Okay? And once you do that over the next, you know it may, what's the total amount of debt you guys have? I would say between 25 and $30,000. You guys can do this easy. You make 70 5K, you got 25 to pay off. We have heard much smaller incomes with much bigger numbers and they were able to do it. So I want you, the key to all of this is just believing that you can do it. And we're gonna help you and walk with you by giving you one year of financial peace University watch all nine lessons with your husband and to get fired up, to Give you knowledge, to Give you motivation. We're gonna Give you one year of every dollar premium to get on a written plan, a budget every single week. You're tracking every expense, making every dollar stretch as far as it can go.


And I want you to call us back when you're debt free and share your story because it's gonna give so many other people out there hope, who didn't think it was possible for them. Hang on the line, Jen is gonna pick up. We are rooting for you. We are in your corner. Please call us back if we can help in any other way. This is The Ramsey Show.


Between Christmas shopping and holiday get togethers, investing might be the last thing on your mind, but there are certain things you might need to take care of before the year ends. And you don't have to do it alone. The Smart Vest program can connect you with a financial advisor near you. Whether you've got questions about retirement planning, required distributions, or anything in between, a smart Vest Pro will walk you through what you need to know. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster to get connected. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. If you're a fan of this show, be sure to check out my friend Dr. John Delony Show. It's on YouTube and podcast and he does it right next door to the studio and it's a real good one. And if you want more from me, which is a rare small group of people, you can check out Smart Money Happy Hour podcast I have with Rachel Cruz. That's real fun. And then a brand new YouTube channel where I'm making hopefully fun, entertaining personal finance videos, breaking down all the traps and trends to help you guys. So You're blowing by me numbers wise. Well doing it, man. I think it's because I went all in. I'm a YouTuber. Like a true YouTuber. Yeah, You're like a YouTube native And it's highly produced, lot of pop culture and memes, you know, less sad calls that are people in really tough situations.


So I have that going for me. Excellent. And they're short. Well, it's crushing, dude. You're long-winded. I'm short winded. That's You. You told me not to talk about your height on the air anymore, So I won't but Leave it alone, John. But all right, let's go to the phones. Caleb is up next in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Caleb, welcome to the show. Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. What's going on? Well, I'm having some financial struggle with my girlfriend. Really like I'm, I'm doing all right myself. We have separate bank accounts, you know, I've never really thought of combining them or anything, but she just hasn't been handling her finances very well and it's kind of putting like a real strain on our relationship.


In what way? What's your involvement with her? Her money. She hasn't been able to help out with any of like the bills we live together. Ah, There it is. Okay. So a lot of combined bills. She can't pay the bills. Yeah, No. Like she, she can hardly even pay her own bills. Why? And Is she working full time? Just Yes and no. She just recently relocated. Okay. And that, that was the issue. Like she took a job that didn't really pan out and so for about a month or two there, she really didn't have the income coming in.


Coming in. Okay. And you know, on top of that, she didn't really have any money saved up to fall back on. So she was putting stuff on credit cards. And so you're, are you covering all the bills right now? Yeah. Like all of like the household bill Caleb is the problem financial or is the problem, you're growing increasingly disgust, it's probably a strong word, but you're growing increasingly frustrated by the character of the person you're trying to play house with? Yeah, I mean, Like, I don't want to like you're, are you starting to believe like, I don't know if I wanna be married to someone who rolls like this?


Yeah, I mean that's definitely, I think you kind of hit the nail on the head right there. Okay. 'cause here's the deal. One, George and I are both gonna tell you if, if you're not married and we can say there's a moral issue, fine. But there's, there's a legal issue. If you're not married, paying each other's bill playing house, playing each other's bills, it just makes for a mess, dude. If you own a house together, the whole thing's just so complex. Yeah. And so we would tell you, man, if you're going to play a house, get married and because at least there is some legal protection as you separate things out. If things go sideways, if you're just dating, it just turns into World War III and four and five. But beyond that, man, both George and I are married.


We both are all in on, on the woman that we are with. And if there's a season where we gotta do extra, that's what I mean. There's no problem there. That doesn't seem to be your issue. That seems to be like you're just getting increasingly frustrated that this is who I'm dating, this is what, like, come on. And she's just like, nah, you got it. Is is that right? Yeah, I mean it, that's definitely, you're going down the right, right hole there. I mean what, what kind of frustrates me is I feel like a pressure, like she wants the, our relationship to move to like the next level. What Is the next level you guys are already living together that would Be like, that would be like marriage or kids.


Ah, And I'm not comfortable doing that with her because of her finances. Have you Told her that it's not, Hey, hold on. It's not 'cause of her finances. It's because of her character that are, are expressing themselves in her finances. Don't get those two screwed up. 'cause she's gonna make you a bunch of promises and say, okay, well I'll pay my credit card off and I'll go get another job that's not gonna cure the underlying, which is, eh, I'll do whatever I want. I don't have to participate in building, make, creating a home together. And also in her defense, I y'all are kind of just making up the, I mean you're just, eh, it's very wishy-washy and it's hard to, it's hard to anchor into wishy-washy, right?


Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Have you had a conversation with her yet about all this? Yeah, I, I have. And it just ends in like argument and yelling and stuff. I'm, I'm just kinda at my wits end because as, even as we speak, like she is getting like opening up new credit cards, accounts, card accounts and stuff like that. Have you, have you, you said to her, have you said to her, being in debt scares me to death and when you borrow money I can't breathe and moving forward in my home, the home that I want to raise kids in and build a family with, we are gonna be people who don't borrow money.


And so if that's the way you want to get through your world, I love that you are opting out of relationship with me. Have you said that? No, I haven't. Have A backbone, man. You gotta stand up and, and speak your virtues out into the world. 'cause you're gonna wake up three years from now, you're gonna have two kids. You're gonna be be considering a wedding and you are not even know what day it is. You're gonna be so frustrated. Is that fair? Yeah. I would never, and listen to me, don't go tell 'em. Be like, Hey, I called these guys on the radio. They told me to dump your butt dump. That's not what we're saying at all. I'm telling you, the only thing in the world you can control is your thoughts and your actions. So you go be a person of character and say exactly what you need and what you feel and then she gets to opt into that and y'all create a life together.


Or she gets to opt out of that and have a bunch of shiny plastic toys. That's it. I know I made that sound real simple. I know it's super way more complex than that. But Caleb, this is, this is eating you alive, man. This is turning into resentment. This is turning into you feeling like you're enabling her poor decisions. And if I'm in your shoes, I just go, this relationship isn't working. Our values are too dissimilar for this to work and I wish you the best. And you know what that means? Someone's gotta move out and it's gonna get real awkward real quick Because your first thought's gonna be like, I've been paying the bills. And she's gonna say, bye Felicia. And the whole, then the whole thing starts over the whole then George and I high five and we're like, told you so, but, but we won't do that.


I know the next few steps are gonna be real hard, but what's even harder is just sticking this out, hoping things change and it just gets worse. And then you've got a lot of resentment. And John Delony, he, he quotes another super smart psychologist guy who said, choose guilt over resentment. Yeah. And you're gonna feel guilty. You're gonna go, ah, she's already going through a tough time. I can't believe I do this to her. But man, it's gonna choose That over hating the woman that you you love, right? Or hating your mother-in-law or hating your dad. Like choose guilt, choose the boundaries. Right? And it goes back to, I don't think I'm allowed to talk about it yet, but I think I've talked about it a little bit. It's a secret.


Well It's just like I got a new book coming out in the fall and, but one of the discussions comes from the great Michael Easter, which like, you gotta, it's hard. It's life is hard if you are overweight by a hundred pounds, it's hard and it's so hard to lose a hundred pounds. So you're not toggling between a one's real easy and one's real hard. My life is super simple. If I'm a hundred pounds overweight and my knees hurt and my back hurts and I'm exhausted and like it's, it's, that's not, you're not choosing between a real fun time and a hard time losing weight. They're both hard right now. What he's choosing is nobody taught that dude how to say his needs out loud.


And nobody taught him how to build a sit down with somebody and build a picture of what marriage could look like for us. And building a life and a home together. No one's done that. Doing that will be almost impossible. And living with somebody that you don't share their values and they are just digging a hole that expect you to clean up. That's hard too. So it's not an easy e one's easy and one's hard. They're both hard. You gotta just choose your hard Right? But one one's gonna leave lead to freedom for You. What's the path? That's right. That's a Good word. Yeah. One path heads, heads to freedom, Man. Wishing you the best man. Choose your Heart man. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. My thanks to all the folks in the booth keeping this show running. My co-host Dr. John Delony. And you America will be back with you before you know it.


What up, what up? It's Dr. John Delony from The Dr. John Delony Show with some amazing news. The latest episode of United States of Anxiety is available right now exclusively on the Ramsey Network app. This docuseries follows real people from my show as they embark on a 90 day journey to transform their lives lives. And I personally walk alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. And don't forget to click the link in the show notes to download the app. What's up Kelsey? So I've lived with crippling anxiety for as long as I can remember. How do I stop it from constantly coming up in different areas of my life? What does crippling anxiety mean? Paint me a picture of that. All right, so you ready to jump in? I'm ready to jump in. We're gonna check in with Kelsey. 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. I cannot even function because I am just crying. My mom left us when I was four. I truly felt like for a while I had no family. She's Experiencing things that really hurt a long time ago. Tell me about this boy. He triggers me a lot. Scared of losing Paul, scared of doing the wrong thing. Scared of not being enough. It just feels like it would be exhausting to be Kelsey. It is. Whenever somebody's playing whack-a-mole with their anxiety, when it just keeps moving, that tells me the underlying system's not okay. How do I get my inner child out of this relationship? Because I feel like she's running the show. One of two people that's supposed to never leave took off. I was this, I was this burden. You burden that's right to the one person who should carry it. All of it. Did you ever tell that little girl that it wasn't her fault? I don't know what to do. Do you either have to choose to let this guy love you or you gotta choose to let this guy go.