
From Ramsey Network, it's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm Ramsey Personality, George Campbell joined by my good friend. Some would say best friend, Dr. John Delony, bestselling author and host of the very popular Dr. John Delony Show. And we are here for you to help you take the right next step for your life, your relationships, your mental health, your money. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five and we will try to do just that. Joe is gonna kick us off in Tampa, Florida this hour. What's going on Joe? Hey, what's up guys? Hey, how Y'all doing? Doing well. how are you? Not too bad.


So. I got some frustrat frustrating stuff going on, unfortunately. So in the spring of 2020, met the love of my life. She was finishing up college in a master's program. She had about a year left and What happened was some life stuff happened, COVID happened. We kind of fell in love. I knew I was gonna be a single income family once we got married. So I was like, it's time to withdraw. So she withdrawn from the university online master's program and at the end of 2020 she found out that she was charged, charged for the classes.


And she was like, I booked my advisor, sent the information in and they confirmed, yeah, this advisor left. So we're still charging you. basically wasn What happened. We sent 'em all the paperwork here. We went through, never heard from the university, never heard from the professors. So they kind of went cold for like a couple years. So the end of 2022 What happened was we got something from collections. It kind of went quiet. And I said You still owe us seven grand. We're like, we never took classes. There was never a product, never a university professor reached out to us.


Nobody told us a thing, right? So it was, we got all the emails, all the communication with the advisors and for some reason this large university is still like coming at us for this money. We're like, we never took classes, we withdrew. We got all the, you know, all this information. So then now two years later we get a second collections. Okay, so My wife, we're debt free, life's great and we have this $8,000 check for something that we never, she never did, never was a part of. And it doesn't really make sense. And not only that, it's really frustrating 'cause she was a straight A student in her undergrad. They've held her transcripts, she can't even look at her class records anymore.


She can never get a job with the degree almost and prove it. And they've like froze all of her accounts. Okay. So really what I'm asking you guys is, I don't know in a legal way what to do in a circumstance like this. I'm in Florida, the university's in Pennsylvania, and obviously this is pretty stressful. And My wife who's worked really hard with me to, to get debt free, So I, didn't know if you guys have any advice on where to go and how, how to kind of get this to just end. Well, Good thing you called two attorneys at law here at The. Ramsey. Show. So, hey Joe, here's the first place I would start. And I spent 20 years almost in, in university systems. Okay? I know they can be a, they can be a maze.


And, I, I can't count. I would say in the hundreds, the number of students who registered for classes at some point withdrew but withdrew past the withdrawal date. Meaning the gift the university gave you was not to give you all F's, but you bought a seat or your wife bought a seat on the bus that they couldn't sell to somebody else. Now this doesn't always scale in online classes, but just go with me here. There's a deadline to withdraw. We let you withdraw. But once you bought a seat past a withdrawal date, and usually in the university system, it's a graduated, so like one week in you have, you get, you get charged this much for the class two weeks, three.


And then you get, you have to pay for the whole class. And. I would start there and you can't say I didn't get a product. I didn't, you bought a seat just 'cause you didn't get on the plane. That's fine. But they couldn't sell that plane that has a plane seat to somebody else. So they, they're holding you responsible for the cost. I would check the withdrawal dates first. Okay? If you have a p if you have the withdrawal paperwork and you have the catalog and the calendar from when this, from when the, the 'cause those things change every year, then all I would do is send it to the registrar. I've never met a registrar who likes to steal money from X students. I've never met that person.


Okay? It almost always is a, Hey, here's a deadline. And by the way, in a graduate class, professors treat you like grown adults. They don't always chase you down. They don't baby you. Like you wanna drop outta the class, drop outta the class. I got other stuff I gotta do. But I would go look at those dates before you get indignant and if you find out they are ripping you off, then call the registrar's office and say, I just received a note from collections. I need to know who to talk to about it. Gotcha. Alright. I Sounds good. That's good advice. That's where I'll start then. Yeah, I mean is that Is, and my thing is, every experience I've had in, in Collegiate is there's at least one bit of communication.


Just like one, like, welcome to class, here's your online class. All of her undergrad was online and she had taken online masters online. So when she got that bill, she's like, I never received any communication from the university at all that I was even actively even on the bus. You know what I mean? That I was even a, there was even a seat for my name on the bus, you know? So that, like right there, I'm like, how I, I get it. But, but dude still Taking it down In a very strange way. This isn't Delony Delony story time hour, but I registered for a class And I totally. For, I registered for a class at the beginning of a spring semester for the summer.


I think it was summer two session. I completely forgot about it. In the fall, I went to register. I had an F on my transcript graduate school. I went and met with a professor and she's like, I'm not take an F off. You didn't show up for my class. And I the class. I, I couldn't have another student in here. So in order to make up the FI had to go retake. Like that was on me, man. I forgot about it. I did it seven months before, but that was a hundred percent on me. I just had to take, I had to say, I'm, hey, I'm at your mercy. Will you help me out here? But, but the other, here's the other thing. A lot of schools have switched to portals, kinda like doctor's offices have. They don't email you 500 times. They don't baby you. They say your responsibility to check your portal every day here.


Here's the meta here. Take full ownership of this and get yourself out of a victim position until you have proof beyond a reasonable doubt that you are indeed a victim here. Assume that a giant institution isn't out trying to destroy you. That they have just computer processes. And, I guarantee you this was a computer wipe off sent you to collections. There's not one person in the room going, ha it's, it's just a yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? So get rid of the villain and the bad guy and the victim. Let's check the dates. And if y'all didn't register, I mean, if y'all register for class and you didn't pay for it, just own it and pay your 8,000 bucks and move on or call and beg for mercy.


Say we totally blew it. Totally blew it during 2020. Life fell apart. Can we come to a settlement here? Right? I mean it, that, that's what I would, that's what I would do. But take ownership of this thing until you find out, man. If you're getting hosed and they're just like, yeah, doomed or trying to get some extra money, well then, yeah, then hire an attorney and go down that road. 'cause they've falsely sent you to collections. But man, I've just been in a lot of these conversations, George, where injustice and justice and justice, it's like, Hey, you're rich for class. You just never showed up. Oh my bad. Oh yeah, I'd, I'd be filing an appeal with the registrar's office. You can try to send a dispute letter to the collections and just go, Hey, this was a big misunderstanding. But before you do that, what's it gonna take to clean it up? Before you do that, go take full responsibility.


Say, is there a chance that I'm at fault here? I reached you for class And. I didn't show up for it. And if it is, then call and beg for mercy. That's different than you screwed me. Right? Ben Gen. That's Right. Mm. Sorry. This happening to you, Joe. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz here to tell you about a faith-based alternative to health insurance that can make healthcare more affordable. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM allows members to share each other's healthcare costs. And it's as easy as 1, 2, 3, step one, choose the healthcare provider you want. Step two, submit your eligible bills. And step three, get reimbursed. CHM members take care of your eligible medical bills with no network and the freedom to choose your healthcare provider. CH m is the best option for Christians who wanna take care of their families and help other believers Find out more at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five.


Well, John, we just announced the brand new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner. It's officially on presale And. I love this because you talk about how we've gone digital with everything and sometimes we need to go tactile and analog. Well, and yeah, like My wife used the same type of like old school writes in it every morning planner. And I'm an old, you know that too. We talk about this off air all the time. Well, If it's digital, John has lost track of it. I'm out. I still like holding it and writing in the calendar. And this Ramsey, Goal Planner, it's, it's a perennial seller. It always sells out. But this year is a little bit different. We understand that everything's tight, like everything's just tight and people's homes financially. And so we're doing something different. We're rolling it out early. We're pre-selling it this year. And by pre-selling it, we can offer it at a much lower price. And so this is the best price that's ever gonna exist. 35 97. If you buy this planner for your wife, your husband, if you buy this planner, if you use this planner and you buy it every year, I can't tell you enough, buy it right now. It's the best price that's gonna be on it. And it's gonna help you with your money, your faith, your relationships. I've got some writing in it. Jade's got some writing in it. Rachel Cruz has some writing in it. And of course there's the calendar, which is probably, you know, arguably the most important part of the planner that is the calendar part. But sells that every year. Get it now pre-order it. And it just is another thing you can mark off your Christmas list and it's just, it's, it's 36 bucks. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or you can click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or on the podcast easy, but it's easy way to grab it. Go get it. Last day of pre-order. September 2nd, second Brook. It looks rad. It's got these little gold don don't know. They didn't ask me. I'm, it's Just, I would love to see you try to explain the design work on this. Yeah. And be embarrassed. It's got these rings that are cool be it holds it together. Beautiful. It's beautiful. It called spirals. It's got, it's got numbers in it. Calendar goals. Nailed it. It also has books I'm reading, which is a thing you don't do, George. That's cool. That's not true. Maybe You should get this. I'm actually, I'm going through an audio book right now. I'm really enjoying. Oh, it's a memoir. Exactly. That's what I'm into right now. It's my thing.


All right, let's get to the phone lines. Mike is in memoir. Houston, You don't even know what that word means. What's up. Mike? Mike, Mike. Mike. Mike. What's Up Mike in Houston, what's going on? How are y'all doing today? Big fan? We're doing well. Keep us on the track, man. How can we help you? Well, just to make you quick, I'm basically 33. I'm moving into, I'm, I'm moving into Houston to get a better job and make more money. However, you know, going through my debt, I'm trying to attack the credit cards that I have. So thinking about my vehicle, I owe 16 on it and it's worth about 11. So would it be better to just give it back to the bank and just tell them I can't afford it? Or should I just use the $10,000 that I have right now that I will be using to secure my moving and pay the difference and just sell it?


I would definitely not do a voluntary repo like you first mentioned. I would much rather you see, see you come up with a difference, even if you had to go down to your local credit union and get a $5,000 loan for the difference. But good news, you have it in cash and So I would use that difference. If you owe, you owe 16, it's worth 11. You have $5,000. You show up with the buyer to the lender's office and go, all right, I need the clean title. Boom. You pay it down with the check they that they give you, you have your cash to cover the difference and it's over. And. I would sell a private party and try to get the most you can outta this vehicle versus trading it in at some dealership. Okay. I agree with that. I might maybe get more if I, that's that's what I saw online, you know, that's about, but you know if the dealership will probably even go lower than that.


Oh Yeah. They're gonna give you nothing for that. They'll go, well, we'll give you a six grand for a car that's worth 11. 'cause they need to make some money too. Okay. So that, that's what I would do. In your shoes. What, what's your, your income right now thing? Well, I was kind in south Texas and my income used to be 32, but the job that I just got, I'll be getting about 65. Wonderful. So you just got the job and you're going to move to Houston soon? Yes. Do they include any relocation packages, any money to help you with this move? No, unfortunately. And where I used to stay, basically I did not pay rent. I, I owned a place, but I went ahead and sold it to just go ahead and get the new job because I've been here for about two years and a half.


And I couldn't really get any more income, but just side hustle. So I decided to just take another job to double my income and also possibly is making commission plus bonus Good For you. Excellent. Plus you get to root for the Astros, which is, which is amazing. Arguably the best part. Easily the best Part. Okay, well, So I think I'll just go ahead and, you know, push myself and, and pay the difference and try to sell a here within this month on a private party. Yeah. And then limit how much it's gonna cost to move. How soon is the move? Is it a month from now? No, it's actually in the next two weeks. Next two weeks. Okay. So I'd scrape together any money you can.


Do you need a card in the meantime? how are you gonna move? Well, I'm using, I'm using the truck that I have right now to basically move and, but I'm thinking, you know, after I sell it, I'm just gonna gimme something cheap for like 3 20, 500 bucks and just, you know, drive it for two years till, you know, I save up and pay everything that I need to pay first and then worry about the car later. You are thinking correctly my friend. That is awesome. I love this plan. And it's not gonna be a nice car, it's gonna be a beater, but you know, you, you make sure you get some, a good inspection on it. So there's no major issues. If you buy something for three or four grand, you'll be able to upgrade probably within a year if you have no other debt to where you can then have a $6,000 car, an $8,000 car.


And that's what John And I have done for years. And it's the best way. I never think you should drive your nicest car at a young age. Oh, that ruins you. Yeah. When I see 16 year olds driving brand new cars, it just hurts my soul. Yeah, man. Mostly out of jealousy. My car's, you don't even know how to, you've been driving for three seconds, you're gonna crash that thing. Plus I just like to, I just like to go back to 1984 every once in a while. 82. Any car still on the road today is is a Taj mall. It it's like a Porsche compared to what people are. Dr. Like just, we're fine. Everybody's fine. We're so dramatic about our cars. Oh gosh. Now it's the leather's not nice enough. Oh yeah. Or the, well It's like iPhones. I look, you know, when the iPhone eight came out, I was like, this is the most amazing phone.


Now I see an iPhone eight And. I'm like, oh my gosh, what a relic of the past that is. And the IPhone one was like a, it's like a spaceship and we're like, oh gosh, are you poor? Like God, get over yourselves people. Ugh. Yeah. If we get you from A to Z, it's Fine. We sound like old guys, John. It's not good. All right, Kaitlyn's up next in St. Paul. What's happening Kaitlin? Hi guys. So I. I, you guys are great. I've kind of followed everything. We have like our emergency savings, we have like insurance. We've one child, we were have a savings account for him. I have my retirement at 15% and now I'm just trying to look at like paying off our big mortgage in a faster way.


So, I went to our credit union to kind of do biweekly payments instead of monthly. So we're paying more interest down faster and then trying to look at making extra payments as well. But they're telling me that they won't let me do biweekly payments. That basically what they'll do is they'll put it into a savings account and they'll still only pay my payment monthly. Can they technically do that? They can do whatever they want. They make the rules for how the payments work on the mortgage. But here's the good news, the whole idea of paying biweekly to save some interest, you can do the same thing yourself once a month with your normal payment. Just add extra to the principle. Okay? And so that's a simple way when you actually do the math, you're just paying an extra payment a year kind of accidentally.


Okay. Because of how the weeks versus months go, gonna do that extra. Yeah. So however much it was, you know, in each check just go, all right, we're gonna double that and do that once a month on the, on the principal on our normal payment. That's how I paid off my mortgage early. If the mortgage is $2,000 and you wanna put an extra thousand, put an extra thousand with that principle and make Sure it's going. Just make sure you designate it. This is for principal. Otherwise, if you don't designate it, they'll often roll it into Pay prepay interest or something. Prepay interest. Okay, so principal only. Yes. Yes. And you can usually don don't know how your credit union works. You can do that online, but if you're there in person, just say, Hey, I wanna autopay an extra thousand toward the principal every single month along with my normal payment. And they should be able to do that. No problem. Never pay a fee for, for any of this.


Okay, sounds great. Thank you guys so much. Awesome. Way to go, Caitlin. She's calling like, I got the emergency fund, I got the life insurance. I'm investing 15%, which is, that's the, that's the steps John. There's an order to the madness baby. Step $1,000 starter emergency fund baby. Step two, knocking out consumer debt baby. Step three, three to Six months expenses in an emergency fund baby. Step four, 15%. Then you start to do these simultaneously. Well, hey I, I'm A huge TikTok fan as you know, huge, huge gigantic TikTok fan. Gigantic. I don't even know how log in, but I've heard that over and over that you wanna pay. There's some secret mortgage hack to paying every two weeks. That's not right. Well here's the thing that you pay 26 payments, right? Okay. Which is 13 months worth instead of 12.


So you're just paying extra payment. That's it. Oh man, thought It was So of 12 payments, you're doing 26 payments that really turn out to 13 whole payments. So just pay extra once a month. That's it guys. That's it. Well you ruined my TikTok Dreams Life hack over. I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible. Or people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I in The middle? How next week?


Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief. Like it's just, it is, it's terrible.


And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston And I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. to get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 Or go to xandr.com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony, Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. Ava joins us up next in San Jose. Ava, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you. I am such a huge fan of Dr. John and you. This is amazing. That's so kind. Can you clear something up for us? Ava, who's a, are you a bigger fan of? Just kidding. Don't answer that. All right, go ahead. What's Up? Okay, that's a tough One. What's up? What's up So? I am a newlywed in the bay area of California and we make a pretty decent income. But the housing prices out here are insane. So. I want some advice on how we can best save for houses when everything is upwards of 900,000?


Okay. Oof. Okay. You have to, you get to like choose your own adventure. Do you want George And I to make up a pretty amazing story about what y'all could do? Or do you want us to like tell you the truth? You get to pick. I think I need the truth. We can make up great stories. We're pretty good at it. Okay, go for it. It's the government's fault. It's, I don't know, I was just trying, I'm not good at that. So the the worst thing you're gonna run up against and George's gonna walk you through it. Math doesn't care how in love you are. It doesn't care what the prices are. It doesn't care about anything. It's just math. Yeah. The question you have to decide, the question that you have to answer is how unsafe and at risk do I wanna put me and my new marriage and my new family in the, in the pursuit of this thing that everyone has told me I have to have an order to be complete.


That's the bigger question. Okay. How old are you? Two We're 23. Okay. I, the last I checked in the constitution, there's no law that says 23-year-old newlyweds are entitled to a home in California. They must be homeowners by 25 or else their life is over. You're the worst failure. It's not in there. How much do you make? Agreed. How much do you make? Gross? 140. Together. Together? Yeah. Okay, Cool. So what are you taking home every month? About 8,000 net. That's after insurance. 401k, all that. Okay. And you guys are just getting started in your careers?


Yeah. Yeah. I just started in February. So let's paint a, a broader picture instead of, I can't buy a house in California today and go, okay, let's make a goal that three years from now, five years from now, if we want to stay in California, this is where our careers and family holds us. We want to be able to purchase a home. This opens your options. You go, okay, a home. That could mean it could be further out, it might be a town home, might be a condo. We just wanna get our foot in the door of the real estate market and do it in a smart way. How much would we need to save up? Well you might need to save up two or 300 grand if your income stays the same. But that's barring other things happening. Right? Like your income going up significantly. And so that kind of helps me go, okay, what are the facts?


So the emotions are, oh my gosh, we'll never own a home. The American dream is dead. Or We make so much money, we've worked so hard, how do we make 140,000? We can't even buy a house. I hate everyone. The whole system's against us. Let's burn it all to the ground. Like, like there's so much spent energy there that accomplishes nothing for your goal, which is what you and your husband wanna have a house, right? Yeah, yeah. Definitely. Our goal is to have something better than what we're in when we wanna have kids. Amazing. And do you guys commute to work currently? I work from home most of the time. My husband commutes about an hour a day each way. Okay. And is that because where he works as an insane area to live?


Yeah. It just isn't feasible. I mean it's closer to San Francisco. We live south of that and we have super cheap rent so we're just not willing to leave to give, leave that and spend 4,000 for something equivalent. Like it just doesn't make sense at this point. What do you do for a living? I'm an m and a analyst. Okay. And an accounting firm. And my husband is an assistant project manager for underground construction. Can I tell you something? Bananas. Go for it. I believe with all my guts that you could move to Dallas, Texas or Austin, Texas or Nashville, Tennessee. And both of y'all could find $70,000 a year jobs.


You know, it's funny you say that because I can keep my California pay and move to Dallas. So I. And I just made those, I just picked those cities randomly just 'cause I'm from Texas. And I live in Tennessee. But here's the thing, it's also Where people are actually going when they leave California. Yeah, that is, that's a huge, and that in Florida. But as George was saying, you guys want to ask yourselves in three years, what kinda life do we want to have? And, I want you to throw in another variable, which is geography. And if you can bend on one of those variables, then there's suddenly a path emerges where people get stuck and enraged and is they want everything all right now I want it all the way, exactly the way I want it. And, I refuse to bend. And so I'm gonna burn all of your world down because I'm not getting my way.


Versus No, we wanna have this size house so that we can have a family. Okay, can we do that in Dallas or we wanna live in California? 'cause that's where all our friends and family are. Okay. It's gonna cost us. So we might have a condo, which by the way, you can raise an amazing family in a condo. Right. Or we're gonna rent. Like it just allows you some freedom. It opens up geor. I love the way George, well you said that it just, it opens up your mind. It lets you step back a little bit from the current ah to okay and at 28 years old, what do we want our world to feel like and look like? Let's do the best we can to get there. Okay. Yeah that makes sense. Do you guys have any debt?


No. So we just paid off my car in May and that was our only debt. Awesome. We're all good there. Amazing. And you Are starting to build up some savings. Yeah, we have about 25,000 in a high yield. That's great. So let's call that your emergency fund. And so now we're onto baby step three B, which is this down payment land. And so the question becomes how much can we save? How aggressively do we want to save? And like John said, is this where we actually want to stay put? Should we be searching in this area or do we need to search outside of here? Is it worth moving? Because to live in an ultra high cost of living area, which is where you guys are at, you kind of need an ultra high income to match that. Right? And so if you're gonna work near San Francisco, yes you might need to make 200 grand or more just to survive out there if you want to live right there.


Yeah. And don don't know about you. don don't want a long-term, you know, hour each way commute 'cause that's going to eat up your life. Right. And So I think we just need to look further Out. The goal is separate way to move. Yeah. Our goal is either to move closer to San Francisco and one of the like the surrounding areas. That's a little cheaper. Or we we're seriously considering Dallas because I could keep my job. Okay, well that's, that's fantastic. And So. I, the other thing that I think a lot of 23-year-old couples make, 24, 20 5-year-old couples is any one decision we make is our future forever and ever. Amen. Right. And right.


George And I have both are in job what, 6, 7, 8 since we were 23. Live in different places. I'm in a different state. I think Georgia different state like, like it's just hard to project where you're gonna be when you're 40. So we're gonna make the next right move always knowing who the coolest thing about our life is. We get to choose what happens next. We can, we can change this. That's actually a really good perspective. It feels like we've been moving at a million miles per hour the past year of being married and trying to figure it all out. There you go. All you have to figure out right now is what's the next right move and the next right move is cool, let's start saving for a house. 'cause we both know that we don't know where it's gonna be, but we're making good money. We can both just start saving up for it. Yeah.


Yeah. That's a good perspective. And And by the way, all this energy is gonna be there. All the energy. Yeah. And you can channel it into rage. You can channel it into how dare they. You can channel it into entitlement or you can channel into, all right I'm just gonna do the next right thing. But that energy's gotta go somewhere. And man, I love people choosing, alright, I'm gonna go be proactive about this and I'm gonna go make it happen. But, and by the way, George, could we call this out? Have you ever been to San Francisco area? Yeah. It's stunning. It's beautiful. The weather is just perfect. The weather in Malibu. Perfect. I get why everybody wants to live there. It's easy to bag on it.


Like, oh it's crazy. They off who'd wanna live there. It's amazing. And yeah, it comes at a significant cost. It's just both. Both are true. Right? It's like driving around and Rachel Cruz's Tesla. Very different versus your Tesla. Very Different experiences. One's so amazing and one is a Tesla. I was way, I was like, somehow John's gonna make this a dig at me. And he did it. It was a success. I can't even hate on that. Ava and anyone else listening who wants some resources on this, our team created a real estate hub. It's totally free. Lots of tools and resources for those preparing to buy, wanting to buy right now, home selling even real estate investments and tons of great tools as well. Totally free. If you wanna find an agent, you want to use our home buying calculators, home payoff calculators, it's all there.


Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. We'll also drop a link to that in the show notes. And we created this to be a resource for you to help you during these crazy real estate times to parse through all the noise what's actually true to help you get to that goal. This is The Ramsey Show.


Dying without a will can cost your family thousands of dollars in legal fees and administrative costs. A will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want and it saves your loved ones extra stress at a tough time. So making a will on MamaBear Legal Forms dot com should be your number one thing on your to-do list. And if you need another reason, August is national Make a will month. You guys creating your will takes just 20 minutes on MamaBear Legal Forms dot com. Heck, you can do it during halftime of the game if you're watching. So you got no excuse. Plus you can make changes to your will for free for up to 180 days until you're completely satisfied. There are a lot of online will companies out there. But with Mama Bear, there are no membership fees, no subscription and no upselling. The price you see at the beginning is the price you pay. So go to MamaBear Legal Forms dot com and save 20% with a promo code Ramsey. And now you really have no excuse not to get it done. That's 20% off at MamaBear Legal Forms dot com with the code Ramsey.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. This hour. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. While you're listening or watching the show, do us a quick favor. Hit the subscribe button, hit the follow button, leave a review, text a link to a friend, let 'em know about the show or your favorite clip, a highlight, anything that can get the word out because you guys truly are the best marketing tool we have to keep spreading hope in a world filled with a lot of noise and distractions and hopelessness. And so we try to displace all of that with shows like this. And we appreciate all of your help getting the word out. Lester is up next in Dallas, Texas. How can we help you Lester?


Hi there. I was calling to see about some advice on how to talk with My wife about saving more than spending. My wife's a spender, I'm a saver and we're aligned on our goals, but she just spends a lot of things here and there and so just some advice on that. Was there like a spit shake on, hey, here's how much we're gonna spend, here's what the budget says, stick to it. Yeah, we, we've budgeted out a lot of different things. We even have a split to where we have our own fund money where it's like a hundred bucks a month that we can spend it on whatever we'd like. But there's a lot of gifts and celebrations and things like that that My wife wants to make sure we're showing love to our friends and family. And then just things add up very quickly and then things are gone.


Is this a communication challenge or is your wife being spiteful? 'cause there's two different, different ways to approach this. I don don't think it's, I don't think it's either. Okay. My My wife And I communicate very, very well. Okay. And frequently about it. But And I don't think she's being very spiteful at at all. She, she agrees that we need to be saving and we want the, we want the things we want where a house and being able to retire as both of our families aren't in that basket at all and don't have a retirement even in their fifties and sixties. And we don't wanna do that. But she just kind of forgets about the things and it doesn't think about the $20 here or $20 there, a hundred bucks here.


And it just kind of adds up. And so if there's anything that we can do to try, try something different. 'cause we've tried like different cards that only have a certain amount of money on it each month. Sure. To help limit that. But obviously I don't want her stranded. So she has access to a card that is, has access to the main, main fund for gas and all that kind of stuff. But Are you guys only using debit cards or are there some credit cards still being used? No, no, no. We only have debit cards. I, I hate credit. I always have, but yeah, we only use debit cards. Mo most I don, I don't mean to overly gender this, but this is just the way it plays out in the real world.


Most of the time when I talk to men in your situation, they try to solve this with a plan, a strategy, a new card, a new spreadsheet, a new commitment ceremony. And the only way I've ever seen somebody be successful is if they are honest with their spouse about the story behind the story. The story behind the strategy. And that would be you sitting down and saying, I need to be open with you. Can I tell you something that's scaring me to death? And her say, oh sure honey, what's going on?


And you say, I'm scared to death about not having any money and I'm feeling like I'm not communicating this well because every month there's another $250 in gifts and stuff like that and $20 increments. And I don't feel like I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm being fully honest here at the table. And you notice I did two things here. Number one, I was honest. I told you told her how you felt. You didn't throw a strategy at her. And number two, you used the word I not, you keep over spinning and you keep doing it because she does that man, she's gonna go back to her childhood. She's gonna go to war. Yeah. My guess is she's gonna have to decide. I would rather feel the short-term discomfort of not having a gift for every single thing that pops up.


Because I never could buy gifts for anybody or I never got any gifts for anybody. And now I can So I feel like I have to, she's gonna to give up that short-term pleasure for the long-term safety of me and my husband don't have to worry about not having anything to eat. And that's hard. And I haven't seen a way to get there without emotion, without, without a story, without you saying, this is how I feel. Yeah. And if she looks at you and says, I don't care how you feel. I'm buying gifts for this thing. Well now y'all got a deeper issue y'all gotta deal with. Yeah. Can you do that? Yeah, most definitely. The other side of this Lester, when it comes to the tactical is that you should be sitting down with her before the month begins going, Hey, what's happening this month?


A birthday should not be a surprise. We know when the birthdays are happening. Christmas happens on December 25th every year I checked my calendar still happening. And so you kind of know what's coming up and you adjust the budget accordingly. So if we need to add a gift line item in the budget, let's do that. If we need to add a miscellaneous sort of little catchall of 50 bucks or a hundred bucks, let's do that so it doesn't derail our plans. Well that's often really important because that's when the $20 plus $20 plus $50 turns into 310 bucks and she goes, oh gosh, I don't wanna do that. Yeah. And the other thing is we check the budget before we make the purchase. So if we go to the gift and we go, oh gosh, I wish we're gonna have to do a handmade gift. Let's make a little basket. Let's get some roses from the garden.


Let's get creative. George made a basket once. John still has it. He loves it. It was a great gift. So Lester, that's where you, we come up with a solution together and have the conversation. But there is a part of this that's, that's on her as far as accountability going. You need to check the budget before you make the purchase. That's how I do it. That's how you do it. We can't just hope that we lined up with the budget perfectly. We use that as our guiding kind of north star And, I think. When you do that, you start to add in these line items, it starts to be less and less of a surprise. You get to kind of align it a little more. And on, on top of that, what is your next goal? What is the thing you guys both agreed to is the next thing that we're saving up for? Well, it's not necessarily saving up for, it's like being able to pay off our debts.


So, so You're in baby step two, Correct? Yes. So even more in baby step two, there's even more intent, intentional sacrifice and intensity here where it's going. We can't afford to buy people gifts. We gotta put our own mask on first. We're broke. And think about how many gifts we can buy people once we're debt free with an emergency fund, we're preparing for our future, then we can look up for opportunities to give and be generous. And So I think that's part of it is you need to have a plan together going, we're going to pay off $700 a month of debt and here's how we're going to do it. Versus we really need to save more. Really gotta get rid of this debt. We need to get more specific so we can actually hit the target Luster.


Have you tried any of these things we're throwing at you? Or does it all sound crazy? No, no, no, no, no. Yeah. And these are conversations we've had, but I agree, I haven't been very specific with it. My wife, And, I are blessed to be in the positions that we're in. I mean, I'm making more money than I ever thought I would before. And it, it's not been specific of, Hey, we're gonna spend X amount of dollars on our debt every single month because we have to. It's just been, we wanna spend more on our debts and realistically we don't have a lot of debt. Even student loans and medical debt and things like that included, we don't have a lot. And so within a year we could easily have 80% of it paid off.


We put that plan in front of her, put that plan in front of her and y'all talk through it. And then more importantly than that plan, paint a picture for her of how you're gonna be able to breathe in your own home. How you and her are gonna have something in need of y'all have ever had, which is economic security. Let her just absorb that and feel her husband radiating this thing that you've probably never radiated before, which is just peace man. It makes it, it, there's not a lot of gifts I'm gonna buy in exchange for My wife's peace for my peace. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. And then by the way, once you get that piece, once y'all don't, like George said, you don't owe anybody any money.


You can buy gifts for everybody. You could be kind of over the top and reckless with who you buy gifts for because you don't owe anybody any money. So this little plan, this one year thing we're after, this is just part of reverse engineering the picture you painted her. So instead of we gotta get on a budget, you gotta spend less. It becomes, hey remember that's what we're aiming for. This is a little blip on that timeline of intentionality and sacrifice. Are you with me? Yeah. And I.


Hope that helps. We're gonna gift you EveryDollar Premium Lester I. don, what are you using right now for a budget? When you guys sit down together, Pen and paper and then I use an Excel sheet and that's kind of it. You, I Knew you were an Excel guy. If you show a spender an Excel sheet, they implode inside. They die inside. That's scientific. They just die. So We're gonna gift you EveryDollar premium. It's much easier to look at, easier to use. You both log in, you both have accountability. So while she's out, she can actually check the budget. Budget versus Lester's spreadsheet at home. So hope that helps. Lester, we're wishing you the best as you attack this debt that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books.


Thank you to Dr. John Delony, all the folks in the booth keeping the show afloat. And you America, we'll be back before you know it. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play. Or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app


From Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined this hour by Dr. John Delony, bestselling author and host of The Dr John Delony Show open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. You call in and we'll do our best to help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Stab is gonna kick us off in Toronto. What's going on? Stab? Hi there, how are you guys? Doing well. How can we help? Good. So I'm a 22 years old. I have $200,000 in savings. And I actually got accepted into law school a month ago.


Now I'm considering taking a student loan. No prepared for No, no, don't do that. So that's My question is what do I do? Do I pay for school outright? Yes. And. I. Forget about everything. Come out of school with school's gonna be $120,000. So come out, I think it's like $80,000 left in my bank account. Yes. Or take a 0% interest student loan. 'cause right now I'm getting percentage on the money that I have. No, like six. No, no, no, no. Here's why. I was a dean of students at a law school. I worked with young, young attorneys in training and then as they transition out and the number of students who had a vision of who they wanted to serve and who they wanted to help and who they wanted to go to war on behalf of got put in the trunk of a car.


'cause they had to go take the job that paid 'em the most money regardless of how unsafe, unsafe, how toxic, how madhouse the culture was. Right. And it it, I watched it at ate people alive. Leave I, I want you to leave law school with 80 grand in the bank. No debt. You owe anybody anything and you are armed with one of the most, one of the most powerful credentials known to man, which is a North American jd. Right. A juris t You know what, you can do anything, you can go serve the least of these. You can go work at a corporation. You can go be a an executive, you can go be a member of the don don't know.


don don't know if you're gonna be, are you going to, are you going to school in Canada or in the States? I'm going to Canada. I'm going to law school in the UK actually. Oh, oh uk Okay. So whatcha gonna do with that with a UK law school credential? Well, I'm looking to either come back to Canada or come back to America and work there. But what, So I'm gonna be working with either or. So when you come back, when you go to law school in the uk, you have to do a test either in Canada or the UK and then you can start working in either country. Okay. But then if you came to work in the States, you'd have to take whatever states bar exam that you wanted to take, right? Correct. Correct. Is the barristers exam in the UK the same as it is in Canada? It is the exact same. Yeah. Oh wow. Okay. There's, It's more similar in the UK and in Canada.


Okay. There's certain things that I'll have to study for the states, but it's, it shouldn't be a problem at all. Okay. And what job would you get right now? And by the way, it's gonna change, almost always changes, but what job do you think you're gonna get? You know what, I've been thinking about it and I'm looking to potentially do tax law. Okay. Or corporate law going to that section. But you know what, I used to think that I wanted to do family and then people were like, don't get into family. It's way too messy. And then I was thinking of potentially doing construction law and going into that. But you know what, I'm not sure yet So, I'm gonna start law school, see what pulls me in. Okay. And then I'll go that route. Okay. If your heart tells you to go sit with hurting families and help take care of people in their most vulnerable moments, man, do that.


Yeah. It's messy. And it will, it will tear, tear, tear, tear pieces of your soul. And it's also good and Right. Right. So yeah, whatever you we're gonna do, the only thing I would challenge you on is to really consider why the uk unless you're gonna live and practice in the uk Right. Right. I understand. Because it could be a cool time to go study law and you can go over there. It's just different. It, it's, it's, you're gonna lose out on the networking opportunities on the local areas to getting plugged in in local places and local systems. You just lose all that when you go overseas. But is what it is dude. Right. But just don't borrow money. Don't come out owing. 'cause man, that can make, that can, that can, you can end up sideways real, real fast.


Right. Yeah, I understand. And that was definitely one of the factors that I took that the networking is not gonna be the same. But I know myself, I love talking to people and like what I'm gonna do is find a job in the UK that also has a firm either in the US or Canada. So that way I'll be able to transfer over. But I also, I've never really traveled Europe and So I wanna take the opportunity that now that I have the money And, I'm young to also travel while being in law school. You don't know what law school's about, do you? I do, but hopefully I could take a Friday or a Saturday and go somewhere close. I would recommend, dude, if that's the case, I'd recommend you defer for a year and go travel, use some of the money in good travel law school's gonna take your soul.


It's just hard man. It's, it's all in right. It's all in Right. Absolutely. But you, you, you do what you're gonna do. But man, if you wanna go tour Europe, go tour Europe, you've got 200 grand in the bank, go do that. If you wanna go to law school, go to law school. Trying to combine both is gonna be really, it's, it's a recipe for, for being pretty disappointed. Right. What were you Saving the 200 for stab? I'm curious what, what was this kind of your out for? You know what, It's, it's always been something that I didn't know. I, I'm really good at saving And I worked at tech sales and I've just always been putting money aside. I've looked at the way my family is and I'm like, they've moved two countries. And I really wanted to set myself up for success.


So I've just always put money in savings. I probably saved all my tech sales income, probably 90% of it and just put it straight. So you saved it 200 grand on your own. So it was it, I got 120 by myself and then it was 80 grand from a motor vehicle accident settlement. Okay. That's impressive man. 120 grand on your own at 22. That's very stagger difficult to do. It's amazing. So good on you for doing that kind of resourcefulness is what's gonna get you through. Worked a lot. Thank you. I worked a lot during university, that's why I'm hoping that potentially, yeah. I won't be working in law school, but maybe I could take two days or something and go see Amsterdam or go see or Take three weeks before you start and go travel.


Yeah, I'm doing that as well. Okay. I'm actually leaving in a week. Wonderful. Well have a good time. Congratulations. And what a way to tell people, hey, I'm 22. And, I saved up 120 grand. What are you doing? Because a lot of people, John, they go, well I just have to take out a loan John, I just decided yesterday to go to law school and it's gonna be 300 grand and we don't have that money. So, I'm gonna go drown myself in debt and hope for the best. Yeah. If you even make it through law school, I'm sure those are the most depressing cases where you don't even finish the very expensive degree and you still have the debt to show For it. Yeah. That's, that's the catastrophic is when when students are worse off having interacted with the university and that's when they leave and they don't get the degree and they, but they leave with one semester, two years of, of school. Yeah.


The lender doesn't care if you graduate or not care less Like you owe if you can't discharge it. You owe, you're paying. Mm. And if you can't pay, we'll take it from you. Yeah. We saw those stories in our documentary called Borrowed Future. Yeah. Where a bankruptcy lawyer who focuses on student loan cases was saying they want their pound of flesh. I'll never forget how she said it, 'cause it was so intense, and it's almost impossible to bankrupt on this even through hardship. I mean, she was sharing the craziest stories of people who should qualify, doesn't matter, and they didn't get it. They'll Get it. And so if you get a hundred grand in cash, pay for it, man. Oh, it's go to law school, do your thing, and then it's messed about your life. It's messed up. I Encourage everyone to go watch the Broad Future documentary. It's free on our YouTube channel. It's 88 minutes.


Parents watch it, students watch it, parents, students watch it together. It's going to spark a conversation, number one, about how to avoid student loan debt. And number two, what the path looks like to go to college debt free the right way, regardless of what your plans are. Woo. But you heard him say, John, I wanted to set myself up for success in the future. Well, that's what that money is then for. That's right. Success to me means freedom and options and margin when I graduate, not chains to the tune of $200,000. And so parents, please have the conversation with your kids, even if it's awkward, even if you have our own baggage and shame and guilt and money mistakes do not continue to let this generation go deeply into student loan debt.


Also, they go to mommy and daddy's alma mater. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp Hagen. Folks, the Back to School Madness is upon us. It's hitting us right now. We got travel and work and all these forms to fill out now and sports, to travel to and on and on. My family's schedule is so packed and we haven't even begun talking about things like exercise and date nights and counseling and church and home projects. And those are the things that make our life even worth living. Here's what I've learned when it comes to taking care of me. I have to put on my oxygen mask first, and that means that I have to do the things that keep me well and whole. And I know that you have to do those same things too. So don't skip the things that matter to you, including regular exercise, hanging out with your friends and regular therapy appointments. And when it comes to therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, it's flexible, and it's suited to fit your schedule. And therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, how to set and practice boundaries, how to become the best version of yourself, and most importantly, how to find peace in all of this chaos and this upcoming season. Make sure you put on your oxygen mask first. Never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment, affording a home is impossible. And you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right? Wrong George Kamel here. Listen, finding a home you love within your budget is possible, and I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving It Down Payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist. We'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony.


It is time for our question of the day, brought to you by Why Refi. Now, we don't recommend refinancing on everything, but for distressed private student loans specifically, there's Why Refi. We trust them because they help you with a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and get out of debt. That's the goal. Learn more at Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ramsey might not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Brooke in Kentucky. Brooke writes, I've spent close to $600,000 on gambling over the last nine years. I regret this habit and have become very depressed. The worst part is I still gamble, but much less. And now it's controlled. My married income is $300,000 per year, and if not for my gambling, we would have no mortgage and much less stress. I used gambling as an escape and didn't realize the amounts of money I was going through. I am deeply regretting my actions and feel terrible about all the money I wasted. Is there a way to put the stupidity behind me and not be angry with myself? I mean, this sort of pathological gambling and this continuing to gamble tells me Brooke has not fully metabolize the depths of all of this and So I.


I mean, anything I wanted to add here would just, you gotta go, you gotta go to a gambler's anonymous today and submit to a 12 step plan. I mean, this, this is so much bigger than you. And there's, it's just gonna be tough. You can't just decide, well, I'm just gonna put this stupidity, stupidity behind me and not be angry. You haven't fully absor, you haven't fully owned all the decisions here. Right. In most cases, John, with these types of any kind of addiction really is full sobriety. The, the path. Is there a way for someone to go, well, I still gamble, but now it's controlled. Like is there a piece of you that is still out of control?


I mean, there's a, there's some actually been some movement there over the last few years in the addiction community. This idea that like once you admit it, you have to be sober for the rest of your life. The answer is no. And that's so individualized and it's so person by person. And this is, I mean, this is in the alcoholic world, this is the equivalent of drinking two or three bottles of Jack Daniels a day for 10 years, right? I mean, probably not pro if you've burned through more than half a million dollars, then probably, and, and you're still doing it. Probably you're gonna have to end up at a place where you're sober. Right? But again, I, I can't make that call from the, from not even talking to this person, just reading their note.


What I know from this note is, or what I believe I know from this note is there just hasn't been a full, She didn't really deal with It. Ownership. And here's the other thing, healing here will come in community with other people. It will not come from some epiphany that you have in your head by yourself. It has to Happen. And I decided, I'm gonna try to be different. It has to happen in community where somebody looks at you and says, I see what you did And I still love you. I see what you did. I'm sad too. I'm hurt too. I'm angry too. I'm pissed off too. We're gonna go build something new and that has to happen in a group. But I, I'd wanna have a conversation with Brooke, but the, I think the most responsible thing I can tell Brooke is call a GA group right now.


Gamble anonymous group right now in Kentucky and go, go see somebody. Mm. Like right now. Right now. And for the first time in 10 years, be a hundred percent honest. Yeah. That's a mess. That's wisdom. It's a mess. Thanks for the question, Brooke. Yeah. Wishing you the best. Beth is on the phone lines up next in Sacramento. How can we help Beth? Hi. Excuse me. My adult sons, they're 34 and 39 came to me with this question. And I wasn't quite sure the answer, so that's why I'm passing it to you. Their father, who I'm not married to, has taken out a reverse mortgage on his home. And they just wanted to know when they inherit, when something happens and he passes away or goes to a home, what their responsible with inheriting a a reverse mortgage.


Okay, well they're not, their name's not on the mortgage. Correct? Correct. Okay. So it, they're not gonna be person personally responsible. No one's gonna come after them for this, but it must be paid when he passes. Right. And that might mean from the estate, you know, goes through his, his estate's gonna go through probate. The house is gonna get sold before they ever get an inheritance if there is anything left. Right. And so that's part of the process. So they can decide, hey, we're gonna sell the house, we're gonna take the proceeds, pay off the mortgage, and we, you know, share the rest. Or they decide we wanna keep the house, we're going to still need to pay off this loan. That might mean they refinance and take out a loan in a new loan in their name to basically carry this loan to the future.


Oh, okay. But It needs to be repaid from that original lender. Okay. And now they in a reverse mortgage, they don't, I was reading where they give 65, they're able to get 65% of the equity out of that. The, the person, their father was able to get 65%. So is it normally completely, I don't know how to put it. Did They, did he take a lump sum or was this payments over time where it goes up to 65% or it's cash? Oh, that I don't know. Okay. That, yeah, that I don't know. So the actual, we'll need to find out what the current balance is. Is he in good health? Yes.


Okay. So this could be a while. Right? Right. I would still have a plan of attack. I mean, the, the, the fact that he went into a reverse mortgage, which is a terrible product, tells me he's not doing well financially. Right. And so likely this is just going to eat up all the equity in his home and he may not have much of a nest egg or a state for to be inherited by the children. Right. Right. And I think they had pretty much bet on that at the time when they heard that he had gotten a reverse mortgage. So they just weren't sure. Did they have like a limited amount of time to sell the house? He lives in a different state than they do. So they were just wondering what kind of mess it is that they would have to clean up.


I assume they'd have to go clear out a house and Yeah. If they're the heirs, there's, there's gonna be stuff to deal with. And typically heirs would have about six to 12 months to settle the reverse mortgage. They might be able to request an extension because it's outta state. You can contact the lender for details on that. But this is, it's gonna be, it's not gonna be a fun thing. You know, I'd much rather leave my kids with no payments to deal with. And they go, all right, here's the house, here's the keys. And so, and, And expect there to be significant additional interest balloon interest fees. Like I can see them in their head on the end doing the math on, okay, 65%. So it's gonna be this and this. Okay, we're gonna get this much money out of it.


Probably not. Okay. So there's on the, on the back end of this. Oh my gosh, fees. Yeah. I'm sure the lender has all kinds of fine print Fees because what I, what I, again, what I would guess a lender wants is, wants the cake and to eat it too, or however you say that thing. The lender wants the equity, the, the lender wants that house when it's all said and done to sell it, and the lender wants the interest that it pays on that loan or that it earns off that loan. Okay. And so the lender has a vested interest in claiming the home at the end of this thing. Yeah. So I mean they're, they'd be happy to go, all right, it's gonna be a foreclosure and we own it.


And so that's what don don't want to happen. So they're not personally liable if they say, Hey, we want nothing to do with it. Well the lender's just gonna foreclose on it. They're Happy to sell, take the money. So We need to, So they'll have kind of little bit of a mess to clean up. But, but they, yeah. They already pretty much know that once the reverse mortgage was taken out that there's probably not gonna be any that was not their concern. And they just wanted to make sure that they weren't responsible for his debt all. No, they're not responsible. If they didn't co-sign on any debt, and this goes for any debt for any human. If your name is not on the debt, you're not gonna be responsible. Okay, good, Good.


But they might not get any of this home at all. Right. Yeah. They pretty much have figured that out already. That Dad is not a secret billionaire. Yeah. Right. Oh, Okay. Well, I'm sorry. You're the one Dealing with it. It's money plus interest plus fees. Right. Are you calling on their behalf just as a kind of worried mom? I was. Right. Well, yeah. 'cause they had asked me the question, and even though I knew a reverse mortgage was not a a, a good thing, I just didn't know then what they were responsible for. Oh, okay. Because he, How old are the sons? 34. 34 and 39. Okay. So they've got their own families in their own homes, but they were just, you know, trying to see in the future.


Yeah. What's what, you know, I I think it's best for them to be prepared. Absolutely. And have a conversation with dad. Call 'em up and say, listen, we Wanna know exactly what's going on with your finances because clearly things aren't going well and we're gonna have to be cleaning up this mess. Oh. Not the legacy I wanna leave. That's for sure. Beth, thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey folks, there's a lot of half baked investing advice out there, but here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart vestor connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs.


Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony. The phone number to call is eight eight eight two five five two two five. Well, John And I are hitting the, the high seas in March of 2025, along with thousands of our friends, the entire Ramsey crew and a bunch of you guys. It's the ultimate debt-free celebration.


We're calling it the live like no one else cruise. I Thought it was the cult cruise. That's Part of it. Okay. Because Ram and all Ramsey crews, you gotta really want to be on that. There's Know what? There's gonna be big vats of the Kool-Aid. We're all gonna drink it. Big punch bowls. That's right. Big punch Bowls of Covid. Oh my goodness. It's gonna be a good time. So this is for those who are debt free. So if you're baby step four or above, meaning you don't have any consumer debt, you have the emergency fund, you're investing 15%, now is the time to celebrate some of y'all. It's time. 'cause you're, you know, you've been debt free for a while and you haven't done anything fun yet. And so we are creating something fun for you to do. And we wanna celebrate with you. More than 80% of the cabins are already booked up. So it'll sell out shortly.


It's seven days at Sea. March 22nd through the 29th, we're stopping at Turks and Caico, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas, Dave, Rachel, John, Ken, Jay and myself. Bunch of special guests. Stephen Curtis Chapman. Man, Chohan, Dina Carter, one of my favorite comedians. Trey Kennedy just announced that he'll be joining us there. Magician, songwriters, comedians. I've heard Ken Coleman has challenged all of us to a cannon ball competition in the, in the, in the big boat pool. Wow. I've never seen him can, he's not a big guy. I can't imagine he can make A big splash. Yeah, I think it's all technique. And if there's somebody who's just got the technique dialed in, it's, it's Kenny Dub Coleman. He needs to win So. I'm happy to let him. He'll get the win. He'll, he'll The well, you never know what's gonna happen, but you have to join us to see it for yourself.


So secure your spot with a $600 deposit before all the cabins are gone. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise is the place to go to book your cabin and for more information. Can't wait. All right. Pete is in the great city of Lubbock, Texas. What's going on Pete? Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. How can we help? I kind of have a, I have a kind of a need some advice. So I've been in the oil and gas industry here in Texas for about 20 years. And you know, during Covid I was laid off from a job. Well, right now I just found out that I'm gonna be laid off again from another company, ah, probably next month. What field is this? Oil and gas.


Okay. Still in the oil and gas field? Still in the oil and gas. Yes, sir. All right. And anyways, right now, I, I'm, I'm 43 years old, recently divorced, but I am debt free. I don't, my vehicle's paid off everything. And, I really don't have really much retirement, hardly anything. The only thing is though, that this company that's gonna lay me off is actually gonna give me a very significant severance package. How Much? And about it? Probably after taxes, it'll probably be around 200,000. Wow. Excellent. Well that's some good news. So, and how much do you have in savings currently? Not, not your retirement, but how much do you have in like a savings account?


Not much. Probably like $2,000. That's about it. Okay. So during this time, I've actually been contemplating, before I even heard about this news, that I, you know, I've been wanting to change career fields. I've been wanting to get into a, to be a realtor to get my real estate license. Okay. And, but my My question is, is that should I, should, would it be okay to, to try this new field while I get laid off and take that money? And if, if I try it, then that means I might have to live off of some of it until I get my feet wet, until I basically learn what I'm supposed to do. And on top of that, I was giving my, my ex-wife, you know, child support payments and paying for, you know, medical.


So now that my kids are gonna be under her insurance, basically I'm gonna have to pay for the medical insurance and still have to give her the child support money. Well, if I'm going to school to be a realtor and learning that new trade, I'm gonna have to use some of that severance to kind of keep my kids afloat. Or should I just suck it up, stick with what I know and just find another job and put all that money into a mutual fund and just let that go. So anytime somebody calls me or asks me and they have distilled their next move down into two not great options, I always just wanna tell everybody to stop.


'cause in your mind you have said option one is suck it up, stay miserable, find another job out in this West Texas heat. And by the way, I moved from Lubbock. I get it, man. It's hot. You're down there in Midland, Odessa, and down there in Laa. It's hot, man. It's, it's brutal, right? I I'm just gonna have to do that. Just suck it up. Or I'm gonna take this literal gift from God that fell outta the sky, 200 grand that I can get an emergency fund. I can begin retirement savings so my kids aren't gonna have to take care of me someday. And I can go get a job, a regular job that's gonna float me while I go get certified.


'cause I'm gonna get certified at night with real estate classes online. And then I'm gonna start hitting it up in that, that West Texas market. That's what I would do. I would not use this money to float you. Why? Because you're gonna get, everyone's gonna tell you, oh, you gotta have this car, you gotta pay for this merchandising. You got to go do this and add on this and it's gonna, that money's gonna be gone. I'd rather see you put that money away and have it work for you downstream. And I'd rather see you go get a job, a regular old job, not making what you're used to making out in the oil and gas field, but just go get a job job and know that all I'm doing is funding my life right now while I go work on the credentialing to go be a real estate agent.


Okay? That's a third option. And you're gonna have to pinch, you're gonna, it's gonna be a totally different transition for you. You've been making good money out in the oil field. Yeah. At least six figures. Yeah. It's not gonna be that way for a minute. Real estate takes a lot of time to build up and get some momentum. And so it's not gonna be something you, you just go start tomorrow and, and make good money. And so that's why we're saying get a different job. Get the real estate thing happening part-time and start to build up your kind of book a business, get a house closed, talk to people who have been in real estate, see what it's like in your area. Make sure it's right for you. Then as you get some traction, you can go, all right, now it's time to go full time.


Okay. I I I'm brother, I'm telling you right now, you're gonna look up an 18 months and you will have no money left. And you may have closed one or two houses depending on what they do with the stock market. I mean with, with interest rates in the next few months. Okay. That's not true. You might do five or 10, you're a hustler. But I would talk Do you have any real estate buddies that you can talk to who are actually in the business? I actually have a, a a couple of people that I went to high school with that I, I just happened to see that they were in, they started in real estate maybe a couple years ago and they looked like they were killing it pretty Good. Yeah. Yeah. That's the, the key word is look like it. Real estate agents are great with the vanity plays.


They can make it look like anything is happening. They're really good. They get the best pictures, they get glamor shots, they get their nails done, hair done. Everything's looks great. Right. Let me ask you this, what do you, what do you think the real estate career's shift is gonna give you? That the oil and gas field will not Freedom. Basically just the freedom to, to, you know, be with my kids whenever I want to not have to be tied down to a Monday through Friday job. Just, and also really just, well, what I, what I do, I mean, it, it pays really good, but I'm, I'm pretty much hit the ceiling and I have financial goals that I want and I'm not gonna get there with what I'm doing now.


I mean, I can make a really good living, but I mean, I, I I, I want more, you know, I want, I want more freedom. And I. I wanna be able to build wealth before I'm an old 65, 70-year-old man. Okay, here's what I'm gonna do when we get off air. I've got a close, close friend who's a real estate, does really well with real estate in the 8 0 6 area code. And I'm not gonna do it on air, but I'll hook you up with her contact info and see if she can have a cup of coffee with you. 'cause I think your picture of what that life is like is not accurate. 'cause the real estate agents I know that build the kind of wealth that you have in your mind. They're making deals at midnight on Saturday nights And they're driving to show a house at nine o'clock.


'cause that's when the client could do it. That's right. They're going from Amarillo to Laa on Saturdays missing games. They are working round the clock. There's a million, there's a million real estate agents out in West Texas that do two houses a year and it's supplemental income. And they go to their kids' games and really they got their license because they don't wanna pay closing costs on their home purchases. And they like to help out their friends and family every once in a while. That's not what you have in mind. You wanna be a mogul, you wanna crush it and move it. Just the real estate folks that I know out there, man, they are always on call, always working, always hitting the next deal. It's just, it's, it's, it's a lot.


So hang on the line here, man. I'll get your contact info And, I'll reach out to you personally.


Hey, it's Dr. John Delony. Look, when you're stressed about money, it makes everything feel out of control. You run around like a maniac trying to make sure everything's covered. Everybody's okay. I've been there. It's the worst. But you can flip the script with an EveryDollar budget. It helps you track spending and expenses in real time. So you always know what's happening with your money. Talk about a weight lifted off your shoulders, start feeling in control of your money again. Download the EveryDollar app today for free.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. I'm George Campbell here with Dr. John Maloney. Ethan's up next in Washington, DC What's happening, Ethan? How's it going? So, I. Watch you guys' show all the time. And. I'm a big fan. Thank you. And my question to you is, I I have zero debt, I have no credit cards, nothing. And for someone who's never bought a home before, is taking out a big loan to buy a home a good thing or a bad thing? Well, let's define big loan. What are you taking out? Well, the, the thing is, is that most homes, you know, are 200, 300, you know, $400,000 and homes go for crazy prices.


You know, so it, it's not that I I've started to take out a loan. It's the fact. Is it a good idea to Well, it's never a good idea. The only debt that we don't yell at you for is a 15 year fixed rate mortgage. But we still don't like it. I hear it. Dave would say the a hundred percent down plan is the best plan. It's never gonna be a blessing to take out debt. But if you are going to do it for a home, specifically, if you do it on a 15 year fixed rate mortgage where the payment is no more than a quarter of your after tax income monthly, then it'll be a blessing and not a burden. That's the goal. And even then the goal is to pay it off early. And so if your goal is to hang onto debt for 30 years, then that's a bad goal.


Yeah. And the thing is, I'm I'm 19 years old. I I have $20,000 saved. And I. I'm really trying to go about it the smartest way. And, I. I, I don't want to dig myself in, in a grave here. And I, I recently started a car flipping business. And I. I, I made the $20,000 in the last two weeks selling cars and And. I'm just in a really complicated situation because I worked for my dad and I've worked for him all my life. But I started making all this money And I, don't know exactly what to do. I don't wanna leave my dad high and dry, but I'm also making a lot of money doing this And I work for him all week, you know, know. So my question to you is, how should I invest this $20,000? should I spend it on a down payment for some sort of loan, for some sort of housing?


Or should I continue to invest it and and double the money and, and keep buying and selling trucks and cars and, and making money work? Are you living at home right now? Yes. What is the urgency to go buy a house? I am engaged and my girlfriend is 24 and she's ready to get married, settle down and have kids. Are you ready? Yeah. That Was a Long you pause my man. Oh, Hey, Hey. Like, you seem like you're in a, in a, in a, in a sense of panic. Like just like take a breather For a second. I'm a situation man.


But listen, you had a good week. My promise for you is this isn't gonna happen every week of your life for the rest of your life. It had a good week. It was awesome. And I. Don't wanna dampen it, but it was awesome Good for you. It was amazing. Yeah. And then what you probably found at 19 years of age, which is a blessing for you, it took most of us till we were older, is the next day you just woke up and had to brush your teeth and put on deodorant again and go about your day again, right? Yeah. And so do you not wanna work for your dad anymore? I wanna work for my dad, but the issue is I'm making, I mean, triple, quadruple the amount.


No, that's true. That's not true. You did one time. If you show me over Six months, you're making 20 grand a week flipping cars. I would tell you to sit down with your dad and say, dad, it's time for me to move on. 'cause I have, yeah, I have a million dollars in the bank. And, I can run this whole thing with cash. And so when things get real dicey economically and people stop buying used flipped cars, I'm gonna be all right. Like, dad, I'm good. You had a good week man. Yeah. So you think I should take the 20,000. Do you think I should get a house with it or do you think I should I Think you should down Slow down. If you were my brother, I would say put it in a high yield savings account. High five yourself, take you and your girlfriend out to dinner and then go back to work on Monday.


Relax. So right now, high yield savings account, just keep piling up money. You have no debt, No. Zero. And how much money do you have in the bank right now? 20 K. 20 k, okay, let's call that your emergency fund. So let's earmark it in a separate account and a high yield savings account and say that is Ethan's Emergency Fund. Now outside of that, you can begin to set up another savings account and go, this is a down payment fund for the future. And my goal is to save X number a year, let's call it with your, the money you're making. Let's say it was 50 grand a year. What if I could save 50 grand a year, three years from now I have 150 grand and maybe you're married at that point, right?


Yeah. And maybe you guys rent for the first one or three years. Nothing. There's no one that says you have to get, have to get a house as soon as you're married, especially at 19. And So, I would just pause, slow down and go, what makes sense for me in the future? Well, I gotta get an engagement ring. I'm gonna upgrade the car. We need a plan to cashflow the wedding. Maybe I want to go to school for some, you know, credential. Maybe she needs to go to school. Maybe she has debt that we need to pay off. So you're gonna have some upcoming life goals. And, I just want you to pause before jumping into a thing just because you have a pile of money sitting there. Now here's my, here's my next question. So my plan was my dad has a piece of property he's willing to give to me. And my plan was to take 10,000 of it, take a mobile home 'cause I do construction as well.


Totally gut it and set it up on there. And. I might have 10 to 15 in it and we can live in there. And, I will, my plan was to build my house outta pocket and go to material auctions and build materials and do things like that instead of taking out a loan to buy a house. Do you think that that will be a more viable option? I'm not a fan of mobile homes because they're a depreciating asset so that thing's gonna go down in value versus buying a a normal home is going to go up in value over time. History has shown us, Or let's, let's reverse the life. You, you, you say you want to have, let's say you find a place to rent for a year and it's what, 2000 bucks a month. You get a real nice place, I don know where you are.


That's 24 grand. And then you move on. You're it, then you buy the house that you want. It it, if you'd like to go to auctions and do that kind of stuff, more power to you. It's just, it's just gonna take, take time. What about this, what if, what if once I'm, I build my house out of pocket, I can rent the trailer out though, Bro. You've got, you've listen, here's what, here's what you, you've got, you got two old married guys on one side of the table and you being a 19-year-old who just had a great week and a 24-year-old fiance who's pressuring you to start your life faster than you're ready to start it. And so you have a choice to make.


You can scramble and have this plan and buy this depreciating asset and take this piece of land and put a double wide on it and do this and flip it and, and slap it up, flip it and reverse. You can do all that dude. Or you can look at two old married guys. I got two kids. George has one. We each got a couple of dogs and nobody could take our house from us and nobody can take our cars from us. Yeah. And we sleep obnoxiously well at night. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Yes. I just don't want you rushing through life 'cause it's way easier to fall flat on your face and you're so young and so successful that it's gonna be really easy to do that at the pace that you're running And everybody will have an opinion 'cause you're a hustler.


But yeah, I want you to hear what George said 'cause it's really important. You got 20 grand as far as George And, I are concerned. You're at zero now. Now you're your own bank. Now you can begin saving money for a home, for a truck, for a piece of land, for whatever. Start Your business. Who knows? 'cause I promise you something's gonna break. You're gonna have a bad month. Yeah. It's just life, man. And now you've got emergency fund. Millions of people in America, millions are not in the financial position. You've just stumbled into, I'm not even gonna say stumbled, that you worked your butt off into. Yeah, don't go blow it. Just exhale. So I would wait until you're in the next phase of life where you've been married for a year or two.


You've rented, you kind of got to know this person. I mean, don don't know how long you've been dating, but at 19, I can't imagine it's been a super long time. You don't sound like you're even ready to take the next step. So I would just pause and reassess before making any money moves. Just keep making it, keep piling it up and you'll be all right.


Well, John, this show particularly is almost over if you're on YouTuber podcasts, it's about to end. But more calls are coming up in The Ramsey Network mobile app. And it's the only place to get full episodes of The, Ramsey, Show. And if you're wondering if you're on radio, just stay right where you are. The show will continue as usual. And there's two ways to get the free app. If you wanna continue listening for those on YouTube or podcast, click the link in the show notes or search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. And the team is continually working to make this app even better every single day. So don't miss what's coming up next, go watch the full show in The Ramsey Network app for free that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Thank you to Dr. John, all the folks in the booth and you America. We'll be back before you know it. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep, you heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad. Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.