
This is The Ramsey Show. Welcome America. We're here to help you win with your money, win in your profession, and win with your relationships alongside the graceful, the fabulous Rachel Cruz. Fresh off of her first inaugural ball. I might add. We might hear about that. We might not. She joins me. I'm Ken Coleman and we're here for you. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. And, and these are serious topics, but we like to have some fun. We do our best to smile. That's right. We enjoy it and, and coach you up 'cause we want you to win. So it's gonna be fun today. You ready to go partner? Let's do it. She's ready. Megan joins us in Des Moines, Iowa.


Megan, How can we help today? Hi. So excited to talk to you today. I listen every day, so this is kind of surreal. Oh, thank you. I'm calling, I'm looking for some advice on bringing up estate planning with my multimillionaire in-laws who are unwilling to have a conversation with my husband and I, but state that he and his brother will both be taken care of when they pass. How do we inquire So we know where the assets are in the event of long-term care or their passing. Wow, Man. Sounds like you've tried and they're not interested. Yes. So I'm not sure that there's some unique strategy we're sitting on top of. 'cause it sounds like they're like, look, you're fine.


We, we will let you know when we're gone. Sounds like to me. Yeah, essentially. Yeah, they said 50 50, you know, it's just my husband and his brother and he said, you know, you're, you're taken care Of. Let me ask you this. What is it that you all want to know? Let's just assume that they were like, sure. What is it that you're looking to discover? Well, mostly there are multiple properties involved as well as a business that my father-in-law owns. And we have no idea 'cause we're not in that specific field what we would need to do in the event of, you know, potentially selling that or his passing. So yeah, there, that's our major concern.


Alright, so that reveals the answer to my next question, Rachel is gonna be why, like, why do you want to know what it is that you want to know? And it seems like you guys are trying to be thoughtful, strategic. Yeah. And how, how have the conversations gone so far? 'cause you obviously know that they're not interested in talking about it. So who has brought them? Who, who has brought up the idea of having these conversations to them? So my husband has brought them up. He is the oldest and we have a young family. So he's kind of more thinking about the future for those reasons and they've also made it very clear that they do not want me involved in the conversations. Why? So that throws another added bonus. Well, I'm Not sure.


Do you have a good relationship with them now? Fairly, I mean we are not best friends but it's not, you know, adversarial. And what about his brother? Is he married? He is not. Okay. Hmm. I think you gotta take a sign here and, and I wanna go back to my line of questioning. Yeah. So to the best of your ability, you guys need to just run a scenario. Feels like to me where you go, alright, let's say they give us this property and that property. What would we need to know to be able to be prepared to make the most of that? Go ahead and run that exercise out. You don't need to know which ones. If you know the whole portfolio and you know that you could get, and I'm get, I mean, lemme lemme just walk you through this.


How many properties are we talking about total? Three properties. Two are rentals. One is a, you know, a main home in which they live in and the total is about 2.5 million. Okay, great. So, and they're owned assets. Go do your homework on those three properties. What is it that you feel like you would need to know if you were to come into ownership today? Whatever you told us your concerns were, go ahead and figure that out. Yeah, and I think too, Megan, you know, you can only control what you can control. Yeah. They're not, they're, I mean, you guys kind of asked them and they're not gonna give it. So. Yeah, like Ken said earlier in the call, we don't have some secret like line to Give you that suddenly they decide to tell you everything. So what I would do, what I can control, if I was in your scenario, and this was my parents is my sibling. 'cause that's where the con that's where the, the butting heads could start to happen.


The fractured relationships. It's not the parents. 'cause if they're gone, they're gone. Who's left is him and his brother. So if I were him, I mean, I would get in a room with his brother and be like, Hey, let's just play, like to your point, let's play out some scenarios just so we're we can, So we can plan out as much as we can with the information we have. And then, and then that's all we can do. I mean, so I would just make sure that that relationship is, is in a healthy place because the calls that we do get a lot on here are when a family member dies and it's handed off to siblings and their adult siblings with other kids, it starts to get messy and all this. So if you can shore up that relationship, that's, that's what you can do. But yeah, you, I mean we can't, you can't force 'em to tell you guys.


And, and we're on team. Megan. Okay Megan. So take this the right way. Yeah. I'm on your team. Okay. They've made it clear for some reason, and I'm not a therapist and nor am I a mind reader, but it's pretty clear to me that they've made it clear that they don't want you involved. So they're feeling something Whether you did something or not. That's not the point. The point is they've laid out a boundary, I feel like, and I don't, and it doesn't matter why we don't know And you may not know, but you need to respect the boundary 'cause it's only gonna create what Rachel is saying some tension. So you need to go, you know what, A, they're not my parents. B they've made it clear to my hubs that they don't want me involved. So you know what, I'm not involved and I, that would be my advice from a relationship standpoint.


Let this go. 'cause I, I can tell you that we can feel it on you right now. There's some angst that you have. You can hear it on you 'cause this is irritating to you. And that's okay. But you gotta deal with that 'cause you don't have any control. Rachel nailed that. So sorry, we can't Give you a hack. I mean, other than, you know, hiring some former CIA operative Yeah. Can get information Outta them. That's not happening. I think, you know, the family money dynamic, you wanna, you wanna wade in carefully, especially as an in-law. And like my in-laws are so wonderful, they, they are very open with us and every other year we get together as a family. And his dad has even said to the in-laws like, I want your thoughts and opinions. I mean he's, I mean they're, they're very kind in that way.


But I still am very aware I'm not their kid. Like yeah, like, like there's, you know what I mean? Like there's still a and even like, I think even within the Ramseys, like they know everything And, and again, mom and dad would love and appreciate and respect the opinions of the in-laws for sure. But there's still just that small level of just social awareness of like, okay, these are not my parents or, you know, I'm the in-law that I think is appropriate too. I don't know, maybe people disagree with that, but I think there's a level of like, when you are their kid in blood, there's, there's a, a level of holding that they have that an in-law never will. Yeah. I mean did what, what went off in your head when you heard her say they've made it clear that they don't want me involved? I'm just curious.


Your female intuition and also your professional intuition. What did you think? I that that it's obviously not a great relationship. That's what I thought. She, so because then you asked her and, and she said fairly It's okay. Yeah. Like When someone asked me, if you ask me do you have a good relationship with somebody and if I drop fairly on you, you Know, it's probably not going well. I don't think it's great. It's certainly not great and I think there's some Problems and, but I'll say though, too, Fairly, I, I will say too, it Depends on the day. The, that generation, the parents' generation too is a more private generation, right? You think about late boomers even into the generation, you know, before them.


Like so, so, so in her defense they could just be very private people. I agree that don't feel comfortable regardless of whether they have a relationship or not. And her Reasons were good to say, but I think, I think they can get their re the reasons why I think they can plan for it either way. Yes. You know, it's fun. People call us to like this, to, they wanna know what we think. But you know what? We wanna know what our audience thinks. We have a new audience coming in all the time, growing audience. And it's really important if we're gonna serve you that we hear from you. So our listener survey, it's an annual thing we do. We need to hear from you. We really do serve you well. We want to hear from you. So tell us what you like, what you don't like, the whole nine yards. Be nice to Rachel. You can be mean to me. It's okay. Text the word survey to 3, 3, 7, 8, 9.


Text the word survey to 3, 3, 7, 8, 9 or go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey And you can click on the link in the show notes on your podcast app or YouTube. And here's the deal. If you sign up today to tell us what you think, you're entered to win a $500 Gift Card. So there's a little bonus of Motivat motivation. Do it. Alright, we want to hear from you America. Quick break and then hear more of us. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, every year I hear the same excuses for why people don't get the life insurance they need to protect their families. So this year let's clear the air and look at the facts. Most people are concerned about price, but term life rates have never been lower. Having 10 to 12 times your income on a 15 or 20 year plan is in many cases just plain cheap. Second life insurance through your work is not enough, especially since these plans go away. If you change jobs, you need to have your own policy so you're not without protection when your family really needs it. Third, stay at home. Parents need life insurance. Especially those with young kids. People don't realize how quickly the costs add up without someone at home taking care of things. So no more excuses folks. Get the protection your family needs. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. They've been my choice for all my insurance for over 25 years and are the only people I trust.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and Rachel Cruz is joining me. We're here for you America. You got a question about your money? You got a question about your income? That's what you got today. You got two people love to weigh in on that and we work together to help you. So Triple 8, 8 2, 5, 5, 2, 2 5. That's the number. Let's go to River. Now see, that's a great name. If my name was River Coleman, I'd be far more credible. You know what I mean? Exceed The success so much more Than you. I have a lot more Instagram followers as well. But a last, my name is Ken, but I'm already Jealous River in Columbus, Ohio River. I'm jealous, but happy to talk to you. How can we help?


Hey, what's going on guys? So yeah, I kind of have a mess. I'm 20. My fiance's 23 together, we have roughly $151,000 in debt. That's between student loans and an $18,000 truck auto loan. That's it. Just the student loans and the truck? Yes. Okay. Okay. That's it. I, my student loans, I have, I think it's like 33,000 and the rest is her. I think she has like 120 some thousand. Okay. But yeah, it, it's confusing.


It's all through Sally May. Yeah. What is, what was her degree in? So she's a multimedia journalist. She's a news reporter at a news station in West Virginia. What did she get her degree in? Mass media. Multimedia. Multimedia journal. Did she go, did she go outta state to a private college? What'd she do? Where, where did she go to school? She did, Yeah. Yeah, she did. And How much did she making now? Private Christian. So she's making 18 an hour. I'm making 18 an hour and I'm, but her commute is like an hour and 20 minutes. Oof. Okay. So how much are you guys bringing in a month after taxes? Like what's hitting your paycheck right now? Or like what's hitting your bank account?


You guys together, so Together, So we aren't joint accounts yet. So right now my situation, I'm bringing in roughly $2,400 a month. She's around the same. Okay. What are you doing for work? So I work at a credit union and yeah. Okay. Yeah. What are you wanna do? What are you, what are you aiming for? You know, I'm not really sure. I'm still in school. Okay. I'm a junior in college right now getting my bachelor in business administration.


I'm paying this semester out of pocket, trying to cut. Good, Good. You know, the, the loans out. And The reason I ask the question, I'm not trying to solve that problem right now, but I am trying to figure out what do we, what can we do to get more income? 'cause that's a part of this equation. Well, and she's not making, I mean, neither one Of 'em 18 An hour. I Mean, I mean, you're very limited right now, and that's a part of this equation. Yeah. And I, I did just get, I did just get a promotion too, so I'll be making $21 an hour starting in the middle of February. Okay. So help Rachel out. She'll walk you through this, but I know you guys are in engaged. I mean, she's, So What is your debt? What is yours? Is yours 1 55 or is that both of you?


That's, that's together. Well, But you guys aren't together. And so just to help Rachel Yeah. Separate what your debt is versus the fiance's debt. Well, yours is 33,000 student loans, right? Oh, you got that? Yeah. And hi and his is one mine or hers is one 20? Mine's 30. Yeah, mine's 33. Student loan. 18 truck. Okay. I got that part. I misunderstood. Okay. Got it. Nevermind. All right. So we got, we got the breakdown. Yeah, but is she making close to what, 30,000? That, that's what I'm trying to understand, like, Yeah, yeah. She's making roughly like $31,000. Okay. So I mean, here's, here's the fast track of it all, which you're probably not gonna like, but if number, if getting outta debt is your number one idea, she ha you guys both have to make more money.


And if this is her dream and what she wants to do, she, is she only on air for a certain amount of time? Like what are her hours? Is she an early morning anchor or a reporter you Said? No, she's, she's midday. Midday. She's Midday, she's nine to six. Okay. There's no money in that industry at this point. Well, that's what I was gonna, I mean, like, I don't, I don't know if for short term there's a shift And you go find something making 45, right? I mean like, you're just like even $15,000 more If You were to just with a side hustle, which I know crushes her dreams. And this is, this is not to pick on your wife river or you, but America, this is, this is what we're talking about when we talk about student loans. She took out $120,000 That's right. In student loans to make $30,000 a year.


Yeah. So with very limited opportunity. Opportunity, I mean, I mean, honestly, and so there is a, there, there is a, a lesson to be learned always. But for you guys, I mean, you're in it now. So obviously you can't go backwards. So I mean, if I were her, I, I'm like, you know what, I'm, I'm gonna do anything for two to two to three years to, well it's Actually a really good point to get this cleaned up point. So river, is she, is she one, and by the way, do I understand this and support this? Yes. Is she one that goes, I want to take my shot and I wanna go to New York, la I wanna be in a top 10 market one day. Is that her thing? Is she really ambitious for that? Is that a clear goal? She, she really is. Okay then. So that means, Again, I don't, I, yeah, So here's my point.


So if she were, if she were, if I were coaching her one-on-one, I'd say, all right, So you do have to stay in the game. However, you are going to have to work other jobs, do some freelance publicity, do something when you're not on set to increase her income. She's gotta at least look for a 25 to 40% bump through some type of industry adjacent work in this season. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I wouldn't recommend she drop out if her goal Yeah. Is to do that. Yeah. Is to Move up in market, which by the way, that's how you make more money as you go from Columbus to San Diego, Miami, Right. You go from reporter Miami anchor. I mean, like, there's like, right, there's That's that's the Latter. Yeah, for sure. For Sure. But that takes time and they're limited positions.


That is a hang on and be really, really good at your job. And I would go, I mean I, I could be wrong too, but I feel like that's a hard industry to have any level of freelance. You may be be better waiting tables from. That's true. From seven to 10. I'm just throwing Stuff out, you know what I mean? Like Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so absolutely. It's, it's the income problem river for you guys. I mean, you just have to up your income. It absolutely is. So, and here's a question. So the loans, her loans are broken down to like four or five different loans and they $22,000, $20,000, they're attached with a 12, 12% interest rate. I was thinking, you know, it's probably best to, you know, refinance these loans, get it consolidated and you know, kind of go that route.


Yeah, you can for sure. I mean, I would say that the only type of debt I would recommend consolidating are student loans. 'cause you usually don't go back into that debt. A lot of people play this game. 'cause I think math is their problem and interest rates are their problem, but their problem really is, is it's, it's the behavior, right? The, the secret of getting outta debt is not the smaller interest rate. Even though that can help you to a degree. The real secret of getting outta debt is this intensity, this gazelle intensity we talk about where it's like no lifestyle, nothing. You're working insane amount of hours And you just get it paid off, right? And so I think that, yeah, so I wouldn't put a lot of hope, but again, I would, yes, if you guys can get a better interest rate, again, it's the one type of debt I would be okay with you guys consolidating, but don't have your hope that because you consolidate it's gonna be, it's gonna be okay.


Do you know what I mean? Like that there still needs to be that level of grit with you guys in this because Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, if you, if you, if you get a better interest rate for sure River, I think that that's a, that's a fine move. But again, math is usually not the problem. And I always wanna reiterate that when we're getting outta debt, it, it's not that it really is this, this hope and who you guys are as a couple and teaming up and saying, yeah, okay, this is what our life's gonna look like for the next three years. Yeah. I appreciate the call River. And yeah. And again, you guys can do this. It, it is not easy. Yeah. It, but it is simple For sure. And I mean to, to just loosen the burden a little bit. That $18,000 truck, it's right on the border of selling or not. But if you can, if you can get that down, even if you're, even if you're underwater, two to 3000 and go get a beater.


I mean that's just, that's taking a chunk off too. So be considering That river, well if you look the data, but we didn't ask, but if you look at the data, Rachel, I believe the number is, the average car payment in America right now is like north of $750. Yeah. A new one is, yeah, 781. So let's Just play off of that. So seven, let's, let's just imagine that his car payment is somewhere between five and $700. I don't think that's a stretch. No, no. That's a massive raise for a young man like this who's about to get married. That's right. That's Right. If you, if you split the difference, it goes 600 i I don't have to take my boots off to, to add this one. That's $7,200 a year. Six, 600 times 12. My boots. Yeah. You know, I don't have to use my digits. I can do that quick multiplication. I paid attention.


I paid attention to that level. Oh, Mankin jokes. Yeah, I know. That's what love you like 'em once you Get, we get, I know we get, Once you get 'em, it's good. She likes 'em. Sometimes I have river. We're cheering for you guys. So I explain it during the Commercial River, We're cheering for you all. Come On river, you can do it. Keep on flowing. This is the ranch.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death. And predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend fair wins because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure So you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid big Bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Rachel Cruz. I'm Ken Coleman. We're thrilled to have you with us. The phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi, Why Refi Refinances defaulted private student loans. Defaulted means when the borrower cannot make the required payment. So if that's you and your student loan contact, Why Refi? They can offer a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY right now. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states. Today's question comes from Chase in Missouri.


I'm new to investing and was playing around with the investment calculator on your website. I found that if you invested a thousand dollars for my ba for my baby at 10% and never put any more in, she could retire at the age of 70 with over $101 million. Not a hundred million. 1 million. Is that right? And if so, why isn't this common practice? I don't have my investment calculator pulled up, but over 70 years. Are you gonna pull it up, Kim? I'll, I'll do my best. Yeah, Do. Yeah. RAMSEY investment calculator. Yeah, I mean, I mean, compound interest is powerful in over 70 years. I probably wouldn't be surprised if you put no more in at 10% of a rate of return.


And so why isn't this common practice you ask? Well, I mean there's maybe a couple of reasons. One, I think parents have, don't have a thousand dollars to put in. I think there's a level of margin that people are trying to find. I mean, also, you know, when you are investing for a child, you know the recommendation of of you having to be really over it because a minor can't open up their own account. So it would be your name in it and you know, being able to transfer it to them long term is an option too. So, and investing, I would say two. Yeah. 960. So here's What we got. I put in, in the current age of one, he may be thinking zero, but you know, yeah, I just did quick numbers.


Retire at 70, you only put a thousand dollars in And you never contribute monthly and you're on this number, you are getting an annual return of 10%. So I could drop that to 8% for the cynics and let's see what that does. So it's a lot different. 245,000. So there you go. But yeah, the, the, the question holds, why don't more people do it? 'cause they don't understand compound interest. How many years have we taught that simple lesson of compound interest? You know? Yeah. And it just, most people don't even think about it. Yeah. And I think in investing overall it can be an intimidating factor of money. And if you don't feel like you fully understand it, you're less apt to probably go into that world, I would say.


But there, yeah, there's power in that. And then always, you know, I think about 40% of Americans can't cover a $400 emergency in cash. So to have a thousand dollars, that's not for you and your emergency fund. You know, there's a lot of people that don't have it, but I agree with you. I mean, yeah, chase that. Yeah, it's great. By the way, I adjusted the number to zero. I didn't know if the thing would let me do it. So a newborn baby, it would get to $1,065,261 at the age of 70 at a 10% annual return. So there you Go. There you go. It was correct. You know, I usually let the money personalities do that, James, but I feel pretty good there after a test run right there under pressure. I'm so proud of You, so I'm glad you did it. Don't Have a lifetime. I'm, I'm having fun with this folks because if I can do it while hosting a show with my squirrel running around in my brain, you need to be going to Ramsey Solutions dot com and start plugging it in.


Use the investment calculator. Imagine how much fun you can have with it when you're not hosting a show while doing it. So it's great. I think that was a wonderful exhibition there. Madison is up in Phoenix, Arizona, Madison, How can we help today? Yeah. My question is, first of all, thank you for taking my call. Of course. Well, my question is, should I pay off my house while continuing to look for work? Tell us about the look for work first and what is your, what is your bridge right now as far as income? You got savings you're living off of? Give us a Quick picture. There is no income, Zero income. There is no income. Okay. Correct. I have been out of work almost a year, so I had set money aside, I've been following the RAMSEY program.


I set money aside enough to get me through whatever I needed to get to. And that year is coming up. So I have, have You been paying off your house through that emergency fund that you had set aside? Meaning That was just how, that was just money for housing and bills. I have a separate emergency fund as well. Oh, okay. So what I'm asking you though is, I'm just curious, that money you had set aside, had you been paying your house payment, paying, paying it off, or working on that Up until this point? Through that fund? Yes. Ah, Yes. Well, no, I wouldn't be doing, I would, I mean, we would tell you to slow down, pause everything. You gotta get some employment here. I love that you had a, an extra rainy day fund, But Yeah.


How much do you have saved Madison Total? I have, let's see, what were the numbers here? I have about almost $4,000. That's your emergency fund? Well, so there's 1900 left for what I had just for the housing expenses. Right. And then I have $2,000 in an emergency fund. I just broke it down individually. Okay. And you asked if you, you should pay off your house. How much is left on your mortgage? Correct. 72,000. What would you pay it off with?


Are you saying putting extra towards your house, above the mortgage? No, paying it off. No. I, that's the right question. Madison, you don't have any Income? Well, I don't, well I don't Where would you get the 72,000 to pay it off So that that's, and I have enough to pay it off as well. Okay. You buried the lead, So you have $72,000 somewhere else? Yes. Okay. How, how much money do you have total? Like every, like what's your net worth? Cash? Sorry, not net worth, just cash. Okay. So I don't have a calculator in front of me. So I have seven 2000 1900 and 2000. Okay. Where is the 72,000 currently?


Is it investments or just a savings account? It's in savings. Okay. What were you gonna use that for? What was that fund for in general? I had designated it for, I had it designated in separate accounts. So say for example, I needed a car. Okay. Download, I could pay off a car. Okay. So you had that. Do you have any retirement? I do. How much do you have in that? About 250,000. Okay, good. How, How old are you? I'm in my mid fifties. Okay. Okay. That, that's gonna be okay. If you were to never touch that, that, you know, by the time you're in your seventies, that's gonna be a really nice number.


Here's what I'm confused about. Rachel Madison, why aren't you working? I understand it's hard sometimes to get back into a market, but to go 12 months with zero income doing something and you're whittling down these other two accounts. I I'm just not sure. I don't understand why, why you're not working. That's what I don't understand either. No, no, no, no. Well, let rephrase very Confused because I have a, What, what field were you in? Medical. And I also have a degree in law enforcement. Well, what were you doing? What was the last job you had 12 months ago? I was working in the medical field. Doing what? As an administrative, I held an administrative role Making how much?


Around 50,000 a year. Okay. My point is, you don't sit around and not that you're sitting, let me, let me rephrase that. You don't just keep applying and do all this and if nothing's happening, you don't just keep pulling money out of the savings account. I'm proud of you and glad you had it, but you need to start to happen to life and life is happening to you. I don't understand what that skillset, why you aren't applying for multiple different types of jobs. I don't care if it's a shift manager at Home Depot or at Banana Republic or I'm driving, I'm doing something. You have got to be bringing in income because I guess you don't need a whole lot. Like what is your, what do you need to actually survive each month to cover your bills? So we only got about a minute, so gimme a real quick answer.


I would say $1,300. You need $1,300 to, to survive. Correct. Go make $1,300 in February doing something. Now I wanna bring it back to Rachel to answer the bigger question. She's got 72,000 in the bank. No, I wouldn't until I have a stable income coming in. I agree. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. To make sure that you can eat and everything, But yeah, I would, you know, you've set yourself up really well, Madison, and I just don't want you to, to continue to be in this rut that you've been in to a degree for, for a year. Yeah. Because what's happening is it's just like everything's shrinking, shrinking, shrinking, shrinking, shrinking, shrinking. And I wanna stop that momentum and let it go the other way.


And to Ken's point, it's not like a crazy amount. 1300 bucks. That's the great news. You Can do this Madison. And, And you know what? There's lots of things that you can do. Hold on the line, Madison, can we give her a copy of my book, the Proximity Principle. Read this and do this and go get paid. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've got a lot to keep organized in life, kids and calendars and carpooling and cleaning. I mean, it is so much. That's why you need a Knock Box. That way if something happens to you, you leave your loved ones with happy memories and not a huge mess. Knock Box is a complete system to help you organize your accounts, personal history, estate planning documents, and all your other info in one place. I'm talking about everything from life insurance policies and social media accounts to your dog's vet divided into 15 simple categories. Plus they've got checklists that tell you what to add to each folder so your family won't have to guess where everything is. So start getting organized today at Knock Box dot com slash RAMSEY. Your family will Thank you. That's Knock Box n. Okay. box.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Rachel Cruz. I'm Ken Coleman and we are here for you. America, thank you for being with us. Hey, we just had a wildly successful virtual event last night and that leads me to tell you we are coming back with part two of what was a successful event last year. It's a two night virtual event known as Investing Essentials. This is with Dave RAMSEY and George Kamel. This was a wildly successful event last year because people know that investing Rachel is very confusing. It's intimidating. And so in this event we're gonna cover everything through the Maximizing your 401k and mutual funds. And then Dave is gonna give his personal playbook on how he invests in real estate.


So this is not an Instagram reel with eight cuts and cool music designed to get you to click a link. This is a tried and true investing strategy that Dave has done for many decades. So that's also a popular part of this. It is happening March four and five. So put that on your calendar or go ahead right now to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. And you can sign up at ticket start at $199 March four and five. So that will be fun. Love to see you there. Alright, Bobby's up in Atlanta, Georgia. Bobby, How can we help today? Hey guys, how are you?


Good, How are you Doing today? Doing all right. So My fianc and I are getting married in April. Alright, Congrats. And she thank you. She was born and raised in Scotland and she still lives there. So we've been long distance for about Wow, almost eight years. Where in Scotland? And She's on the west coast. So she's basically right on the water. About 40 minutes from Glasgow. Oh Man. Wow. I love Scotland. Are y'all gonna move there? Yes. No, she's actually moving here to Georgia. Oh, She's, well she's really trade. Wow. That's downgrade Bobby, downgrade for her. Bobby, you must be a very convincing or charming young man. Maybe very handsome too. IIII do my best or at least I, I I fooled her.


Well, That's Right. Hey, real quick question and we'll get down to the important stuff, but America wants to know, is the wedding in Scotland and are you going to wear a kilt? I so yes, it is in Scotland and it's ba it's right on one of the locks there. And I am not wearing a kilt How many kilts will be at the wedding though? I'm a little disappointed. No, I bet a lot of the attendees will wear kilts. True. Actually you would, you would be surprised because half of her family is English and of course all of my family is American and so there's only probably gonna be 25% of the people there wearing kilts. Well, You know, 25% is pretty good though though. I'll take it. And Bobby, I know I'm not getting an invite, but if I was to be invited the Coleman line of The crest or or your pat, your, it's like the plaid.


I would wear one. I bet you would. Absolutely. I really would. With the high socks, I'd commit to the whole outfit. I have bagpipe down the, down the aisle. That's great. Alright, Well we, we are having bagpipes down the aisle, so, oh, there is that. Bobby, listen, what a dream. Bobby, I could be talked into hosting the reception. Email my team, we'll talk about it. We'll see if we can make it work. All right, Bobby, this is great. So you guys grew up different money culture the way you looked at it? Well, we don't know. Well that's what he said. No, he said that she grew up in Scotland. It's Different. Okay, so go ahead Bobby. What, what's your question, Bobby? She's Correcting me. I know where he is going. So, So yeah, she, she doesn't know what a 401k is. Doesn't know what a Roth IRA Is.


Amen. Different culture. And he's sort of, You know, none of the Issue. She's sort of, she's sort of familiar with the baby steps just from what I've talked to her about it and she knows who Dave RAMSEY is. But we're, I'm trying to figure out what's the best way to kind of get her on board with the baby steps and kind of, I she's a little bit n nervous or hesitant about the intensity of the baby steps. Sure. Okay. So, so And so there's that and then the culture. Yeah, For sure. Okay. So I would start high level with you guys and just being agreeing on value systems at which money will play in on the relationship. So a value system would be, you know, when we have money or do we wanna be giving some of this money?


Is that part of our plan? Do we, how much, you know, is savings something that she gives her a level of security, right? Is there we wanna, is We, is debt a tool or is it a disease? Yes. Yes. How is debt playing in? Right. So less like, I would go less baby steps and more just a little bit of that value system because that's a human thing, not, not an American thing. So you can look at money because they have money in Scotland's, so it's just like, let's together get off the same Page. Do they, do they have money over there? And Then then how We thank you for revealing that and then How we implement it over here. How does that look? So if we both agree, yes, savings is important, she may be more of a spender naturally. Right. And that's okay. Opposites attract. But yes, we wanna be saving for the future.


We want a good retirement. So what's the best way to do that in America? A 401k, a Roth ira. Right? There's these vehicles at which you can do that and Right. If we have debt and we wanna live without debt and not have payments, because that gives us peace. And because we can use our income to go on great vacations and use our income to save for the future and to give, like, that's why we wanna be outta debt. Right. So you kind of start high level and then from there the baby steps is just a plan to get you from point A to point B. But Yeah. Do you guys have debt, right? We we do not. We are debt free. Oh, That's Great. So that fast forwards everything for sure. So now it's emergency fund. Yeah. Right, right outta the gate when you guys get married, When you got, yeah.


Is she on this, is she agreeing that you guys wanna work together as a team? Like does she see this as a topic of life to say like joint bank account? Yes. Yeah. Like We're, yeah, absolutely. We're gonna, we're gonna do pretty much everything together. Okay. Yeah. And kind of right now she's kind of the breadwinner. I'm, I'm currently not employed because I'm, I'm finishing up my flight instructor rating. Nice. And so I'll be a flight instructor pretty much immediately after we get married, but Right. Or yeah, right after we married. What Will your, what will your starting salary be? Do you have any idea? So it's gonna be an hourly position, but ballpark, I'm hoping around 50 grand.


Good. 35 would be like the absolute, absolute low. Okay. Okay. Good. And then, and how much chill will she be making? We don't know yet, just because we don't know what she's gonna be doing. What's her profession? She has a degree in. Yeah. So she has, she has a degree in international event management. So that kind of means she can do weddings, she can do, you know, corporate events. Lemme tell you something, Atlanta, if you guys are anywhere near the Atlanta area, that's a big event town. So that's good news. Right? It's good news for her. Yes. And yeah, so I she's, she's done everything under the sun, whether it's social media or event planning. Okay. Or serving, like, we're totally not worried about her finding a job. Amazing.


Okay. So how much are You guys, And you did out kick your coverage party. How much are you guys bringing in to the marriage just money wise? Like how much does she have? How much do you have? So I, on my side we have about 38,000 in savings. Okay. And that comes from an, that comes from an inheritance. Okay. And how About her? And then she's bringing, she's bringing probably over just shy of 10. Okay. Perfect. But both of us have very little expenses because we both live with our parents right now and it just didn't make sense for us to move into apartments each Sure. Smart. And then have to move again. That's smart. Smart. I, I love that move. That's great. And so when you guys get married, I guess you'll be renting probably for a year or two?


Is that what you're thinking? Yes. Yep. Okay. Yep. That's the Plan. Perfect. So yeah, so I, I mean I think you guys are probably more on the same page than you realize. So I would sit down together and just say, okay, yeah, let's, let's like figure out, you know, the next couple of years and what we want our goals Yeah. To be. And we, we have a goal of making a hundred grand, 50 and 50 or something. Right. Kinda have like an income, you know, goal. And then from there we wanna put some away for retirement. I think she'll love the emergency fund concept. Yeah. You know, like, just big picture. I thought your advice was really great. Well, thank you Ken. I I mean that to like, they don't need, they're already advanced in the baby steps in that. Yes, yes. Like they're gonna start at baby step three. Yep. And we build that. I think any woman, any human wants that safety.


Yeah. So explain that concept. But you have some of, to her, you're already halfway there it looks like. Yep. And so the investing part that Rachel's talking about, I, I mean, and then saving for kids college and, and all that stuff. I, I would just ease her into it man. And just focus on the positive vision stuff. 'cause you don't have a problem that you're trying to fix That's right outta the gate. I thought it was great. It And yeah. And I think, you know, making it a goal for a house. I mean, you guys are in a position that your emergency fund is pretty much done, I think. And then beyond that, like, okay, let's like run some numbers and Dream Winston, I just did this last week and it's always a fun thing to do where you're like, all right, let's just dream we do every year. How much do we think we want for a down payment? And then you put it in Excel or a calculator or whatever it is.


Like, how much do we need to save every year? How much do we need to save every month? And you kind of start having these goals towards these dreams that you guys, a life that you're building together. Which beautiful. Love it. Hold on the line. Bobby Taylor's gonna pick up and we're gonna Give you financial Peace University for you guys to watch these lessons together. Gift. 'cause that was really helpful gift for her Gift. So Fun. Yeah. Just to kind of get these concepts of American way of doing money By the way. And nod to our Scottish friends. If you look, if you're watching, see this green sweater I have on, I can, if you, you can't see below the desk, but imagine me in a blue and green kilt right now that matches the sweater. I, I think it would look great. I'll be honest. This is The Ramsey Show.


This is The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. We're here to help you win with your money, win in your profession and win with your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number alongside the lovely, talented and my friend Rachel Cruz. I am just Kent, but I am k enough. They tell me Ken Coleman, your host today, there's a little Barbie reference. Did you catch that one? I did. I so Appreciated It. Gotta pay attention folks. Thanks For bringing just the pop culture. Yeah, I try, I try to embrace the pop culture pretty good as much as I can. It's good being middle aged. Alright, let's get right to the phones. Richmond, Virginia. My old stomping grounds used to live there when I worked for the governor of Virginia.


In case you were wondering. Jake is there, Jake? How can we help today? Hey guys, thanks for taking my call today. I appreciate it. You bet. What's up? Alright, so me and my wife, we have a question about paying off our debt. So currently my wife and I were in our upper twenties twenties and we're facing quite amount of student loan debt. It's about $150,000 now. We don't have any other debts and we've paid off a good amount so far. We've paid off about 30,000 in total. Alright, Nice. But we recently came across 'em, save an amount of money in our savings. We have $30,000 saved up. And what we really would like some guidance on is how much of that to apply to our loan.


You know, we're in the stage of life where we kind of wanna think about a family, possibly a home, some car issues coming up. But we know that we have a good amount we wanna apply to this debt to get it taken care of. So I to get you guys guidance on, on what you think about, you know, putting that towards the debt. Sure. How much do you guys make a year? So gross We make together around 200,000. Hey, how nice. Okay. Very nice. So what's your plan as of now for the one 50 to be paid off? How fast do you think you guys can do it? 18 months. We, well, yeah, we were hoping within three years, 18 months would be ideal. Yeah. I mean if you guys lived on 70 and then I'm thinking if you apply this 30,000 you could, you could knock it out pretty quick.


So to answer your, yeah, to answer your question, Jake, You just swallowed really hard. Did you hear that? He was like a what, what Because yeah, two hundred's gross. So you guys are probably coming in at what, one 30 after taxes Probably right around there. Right around there. And if you lowered it to one 20 And you guys, you know, lived off of 70, that would take you two years maybe if you did some extra work. Incomes go up in general. Yeah, 18 to 2018 to 24 months. So yes, to answer your question, I would apply 29,000 of that 30,000 keep a thousand dollars for an emergency fund and I would go all hands on deck. I would not be thinking about a house while you have this debt.


If, if you guys decide to start a family, which we encourage people that yeah, if getting married and starting a family, don't, don't not do those things because you have debt. Right. So if you guys decide in six months, like we feel like, gosh, it's time to start a family, then if that's the case, I would pause everything, not pay extra on the student loans, just keep 'em current and be piling up a, you know, a big savings. And in nine months you guys can put a lot in savings when you do that. And, and then, you know, when baby comes and everyone's good, just apply that nine months of savings to back to the debt. So that would be a time deposit. And then, you know, as car stuff starts coming up and if you know like, you know a good amount ahead of time, then you, you know, be thinking about that.


But, but, but if you don't have to replace a car while you have debt, I wouldn't, I mean I agree. That's what I was gonna ask. So I would drive those things all the way through. What Do you mean by car issues? Can you be more specific? Sure. Y yeah my car currently has, my wife's car is good. My car currently has around 350,000 miles and it's kind of gone out on me a few times this year. So I feel like it's, you know, I'm really riding it to its last leg. But you really are. I feel like that might come up soon. You think 350,000 miles? What brand of car is it? Yeah, it's a Toyota. It's been pretty good to me. I'll tell you those Toyotas, Those Toyotas, man, where Are a Toyota family? Toyota Lexus. Like in that fa in that, in that family. Yeah. I was just best cars you'll ever have. Yeah. I'm not trying to endorse it, but you hear that a lot, you know, of course our friend George would say Toyota or no, Toyota, he, he doesn't know how to say it.


Toyota And Hondas. We'll give Hondas a shot too. That's right. I would see, see Rachel, I'm glad we brought this up because I think he's, this car is literally a moment away from dying. How Much can you, how much did you sell it for? The what, What I've been, I've been told not Thousand much. I've already tried 2000. I've been told less than 1000. 1000. How Much Less than a thousand. You're outta your mind. What? $3,000 sell. People May want a great Toyota that has lasted Jake from Richmond. I'll bet you it looks like it's got 350,000 miles on it too. Am I right Jake? Yeah. You Okay? So Jake, so what I would do for real though, if, if, if you, if you feel like it is on its last leg, which I get 350,000 miles, it probably has try To rip somebody off for $3,000.


I, but I would go get a $6,000 car. I would not go spend 20,000 on something. A hundred percent agree. Go get a beater again that maybe has 200,000 miles and for 18 months, two years just drive that car. And then after you guys are outta debt, that's when you can think about stepping up with cash into something else. But I would, I would use as much of this money to put towards the principle of your student loans because that's gonna help you guys so much. I mean it really will from a mathematical standpoint. So I'd rather drive a crappy car. Oh Wait, no, no. Get this down. No, listen, this is my favorite thing to do. Oh, Ken is on his laptop. Jake, just so I can Give you context, I really enjoy this. He is, he is on a car website. I got used cars for sale. He loves it in Richmond, Virginia.


How you in the greater Richmond area? Look At that $4,000 car. Yeah, right around there. Yep. Now it's a Dodge. We gotta get the guy a Toyota. I'm not gonna give him a Dodge Avenger. Okay. But, but I but for crying out loud. Okay. I mean listen, some of these cars, it, I I I wanna make the point that it's not a complete beater. Here, let me just, this is worth, okay, here we go. A 2014 Chevrolet Impala. All right. 10 years old. 4,000 bucks. 4,000 bucks. 142,000 miles. It's a Chevrolet. There you go. Yeah, there you go. It's not the greatest brand in the world, but they're not expensive to fix either. That's true. And it's America for you and Heaven Impala. It is. Famous song, famous line.


I'll let the audience figure that one out, but I know you don't know it. I'll share during the break. It's too much to try to explain to you. It's an age thing. She just doesn't, she doesn't get it. But anyway, that's, that's the example there. And, and, and I, I really am having fun with this, but people don't realize what you can get for under $5,000. Yes. And let's be honest, he's driving a turd. It's A Toyota. I mean it's done its job. Yeah, it has. Yeah. But it's gonna die soon. And so for four grand you get the Chevy Impala. Is it good looking? I'm not gonna lie to you. It's Not, it's not different colors. It's just a silver car. You would never know. Yeah, I'm saying the Impala. Yeah, the 2014 Impala is not a car that you buy for status.


Sure. But that's okay. And that's why you do it. That's Why we do it. We Get it from get outta debt, get A to B, so A to B, that's all we're looking for. Yes. For this time period. So, so yeah. So I would put as much as you can, Jake, that you guys feel comfortable with. Again, with the car replacement and an emergency fund. Everything else needs to go to this. And then, So you guys are in a perfect position too, Jake, to to go and earn some extra money on a side hustle before kids. It is Absolutely agree with you. It's the time to do it. It really is. Because, you know, and we talk to families all the time that get outta debt with kids, right? I mean, that's, that is a lot of our audience. But it's hard, like when you have a full day of work, you pick up your kids and then you have to go to another job and this, you know, and a spouse has to stay home and do bedtime.


I mean, like, it just gets really complicated and it gets more and more tiring and more difficult. And So you guys are in a perfect season for six, eight months. Like go work extra, right? Get, bring some of that in. What do you got? What do you got for us? Ken James? I got a snappy look in 2012 Mazda three touring only five grand, 130,000 miles. And it's got a nice little blue color to it. You, you kind of feel good about yourself zipping into wherever it is you gotta go. So again, I make the point and a quick commercial break. I'm gonna teach Rachel about this famous song lyric that involved Impala and we'll be back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Self-defense can be a complicated issue, but there's one solution that makes it a lot easier. A Burna launcher bernas look like firearms, but they're not. They're non-lethal self-defense tools. They shoot chemical irritant projectiles that stop a threat in its tracks without the fatal consequences of a gun. Burna launchers have been vetted by government agencies, police forces, and private security agencies worldwide. And no permits or background checks are required to buy or own. One Plus burners are lightweight, easy to carry, and Give you the power to protect yourself and your family, even if you're not comfortable with traditional firearms. Not to mention they have more than 15,005 star reviews, and right now RAMSEY fans can get 10% off and exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo, and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYR na.com/dave.


If your holiday ham tends to last longer than your New Year's resolutions, then I got a fresh challenge for you. Make this the year you take control of your financial future with an actionable plan. Sound intimidating. You don't have to do it alone. SmartVestor Pros are financial advisors who can walk you through what you need to know about retirement planning, wealth management, and anything in between. Find a pro near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor.


Welcome back America. You have joined the conversation here on The Ramsey Show alongside Rachel Cruz. I'm Ken Coleman. Excited to have you with us today. Taking your money calls, your income profession related calls, 'cause that goes together. Let's get right back to the phones. Madison, Wisconsin is where Tyler joins us. Tyler, How can we help today? Hey Ken and Rachel. Thanks so much for taking my call. You bet. Yeah, so my wife and I are about $42,000 in debt and after watching Rachel's message at Fresh Life has really kind of motivated us to, to really go hard at the debt. And so yeah, we're, we're very thankful for that because that, that shifted our mindset a lot.


And so one thing we're going to do, and we were kind of going down this path anyway, but we're, we're selling our house that we're in right now, and initially our plan was actually to sell our house, buy a new house in a different area, and now we decided we're actually going to sell a house, move into an apartment because we're going to net around 200,000 ish with the sale of our house. Oh wow, okay. And yeah, and so basically we're trying to figure out the best way to handle that because I think the obvious route is to take that throw every, like, everything at the debt that, that we have about 42,000. So take 42,000, throw it at the debt that would leave us with about 160,000 left.


And ultimately we do wanna buy another house in, you know, one to three years. But I just don't know the best way to handle like how we handle that money as far as do we put the rest, you know, aside for down payment. Do we put any, any, Tyler, can I ask why retirement? Anything? Why are you guys selling to move to a different area? Yeah, So we act, Yeah, we, we moved, we got kind of lucky as far as like timing for this house and we bought it in 2020 and yeah, we just, we moved here for my wife's job and honestly we hate the area and the, my wife's job, but she's, she's not working at that job anymore. So it's, the location isn't relevant for us.


I, I work from home, so really location doesn't matter and so we're just kind of hoping to move to an area that we like a little bit better. Okay. How far, I'm just curious from where you guys currently are to where you wanna be, is it like a 30 minute difference or is it like a 10 minute? It's about two hours. Oh, like a totally different area. Okay. I'm sorry. I got you. Yeah. Okay, that's great. Yep, yep. So, so yeah, Tyler, I would for sure. Yep. When you guys get that 200,000 I would Yes, apply to the 42. Go ahead and pay off your debt that day. I would set some money aside at this point for you guys. Do you, do y'all have any kids?


Yeah. Yep. We do have like a nine month old baby. Oh, okay. Okay. And you guys do, you guys both have pretty stable jobs? So my wife has a stay at home mom. Okay. And I am self-employed, so it's pretty, my income is pretty variable. Okay. So for, because of that, because of the kid element and it's on one income and it's a variable income, I would probably just put aside six months of an emergency fund. Absolutely. We always say three to six months, but three would be, you know, if it's, if you're single or if you don't have any kids And you both have pretty stable incomes, you could do more of the three. Yeah. But because it's a little bit, just to Give you guys some extra safety. So I would figure out your monthly expenses, multiply it by six. Yeah. And out of that one 50, put that aside and I would just open up a high yield savings account, this is what my, my husband and I did, and label it emergency fund And you don't touch it.


And then I would leave the rest, which would be what, how much do you think an emergency a six month emergency fund would be for you guys? Yeah, So we actually, good news is we actually already have that taken care of. Oh. But it's about 30,000. So yeah, we actually have that already apart from the 200,000. Oh wow, okay. That's fantastic. Okay, so, so yeah. So the one 60 that's left then I would just keep it in a high yield savings. Honestly, Tyler, I probably, I would not invest it. Okay. Because you guys are gonna use it for a down payment in the next, you know, two to three years at the latest probably. So yeah, I would, if it's not more than five years, if it was more than five years, I would invest. But you guys are in a position And you may even pull the trigger faster, you know, if you see a great house.


'cause the sooner you get in the market, honestly, the better it's gonna be. And you guys will have a Right, yeah, a great down payment. So I would just put it in a high yield savings and just let it be there. Yep. That's, that's really helpful. So this might be a dumb question, but I was kind of doing research into that, like what classifies something as a high yield savings? Like we have our savings account right now. I don't know if it's classified as that or Not not, but it's, Yeah, it'll be pretty apparent. It'll say high yield. So high yield savings, a money market account and that it will say it and you know, just, this is not a plug, it's just what we use. We use Ally Bank. Usually an online bank is gonna be better for high yield savings. You're gonna get, probably get a little bit of a better rate of return versus a brick and mortar standard bank. So we, we have our checking with a kind of a local bank that has brick and mortar and then we have an online high yield savings.


We just have it through Ally. I know there's a couple of companies that are out there, but you can even just Google and honest and, and I don't know, there's, there's a lot out there. Just make sure that there's no, 'cause some, some banks, you know, if they're online, you know, will charge you like weird fees and like, so kind of look into the fine print and just, you know, get a great option. But something like Ally is totally fine. Yeah, appreciate the call and good job. Good job young man. I mean, amazing. Yeah, taking great care of your family. Love that you got all that cash and now you're gonna be debt free pretty soon, so don't talk yourself outta that. Don't let anybody talk yourself outta that. Rachel, set you up really well, so really, really happy for you as you kind of start a new chapter. Really fun. Let's go to Columbia, South Carolina and Kevin is joining us there.


Kevin, How can we help today? Yeah. Hey, thank you guys for taking my call. My question is, I pull a large sum of money outta my retirement investments to build a home. I'll Give you a little backstory. My wife and I are both over 59 and a half. She's retired off of pension of about 42,000 a year. I make about 142,000 my salary and we have got about 1.85 million in investments, some pre tax Roth and then some non-retirement investments account, excuse me, investment accounts.


And, and in that 101.85 there's roughly 200,000 in cash. Okay. What I'm hoping to do is to try to pull some money outta my retirement investments to fund the house, but not fibble myself in Retirement. How much money are you thinking about pulling out? I need about seven 50 for the purchase for, for the construction of the home. So part of that would be funded by the 200,000 in cash still leaving us to the fully funded emergency fund. And then the balances we would pull out of them the most, most of it as we could out of the Roth and then the ballots would've to come outta the pretax accounts. What is your current situation as far as a home? Do you own your current home? We own our current home. We have no debt.


We gonna tear the house down on the property that we're on because it's the value in the land, not in the dwelling. And so to build our, our dream home. Oh, on your current, on your Current home? That's correct. Yeah. So yeah, so we're gonna just tear down what we, what we currently reside in, move out, then build the home here. What's the total cost of that gonna be total? You said seven 50 plus plus or is it seven 50? Yes, It'll be seven 50 is what the contract price will be and we'll figure probably 10% for contingency money. So you know, somewhere eight to 25 to eight 50 worth thinking. Okay. And have you guys run out numbers because that's gonna leave you, you know, 1.2 left in retirement and have you guys run numbers on that or how long you're gonna be working, just making sure that you guys are in a good spot long term?


Yeah, we feel pretty good about that. We figure we'll have somewhere between eight 50 to 900 k left in retirement investments and then, you know, given the rate of return, you know, banking at 10% hopefully for averaging. But we feel like we would be very comfortable, we hadn't anticipated pulling any kind of money towards or pulling social security money until we get full retirement age or even 70 if it permits. So we would feel pretty comfortable. We don't say we don't have any, any other debt. Yeah, That's Great. Just makes me nervous. Makes me nervous tapping into retirement parts. Yeah, for sure. And you know what Kevin, Kevin, I would sit down with a smart Vista pro because I would wanna make sure that what you're pulling out principle wise, which avenue is better through like the Roths or a 401k, you know, if that's a better play or just any standard mutual funds you guys have because some of these gains on, you know, the the, the pre-tax investments, you're gonna pay capital gains on some of that too.


And so there is a little bit of a strategic play that in the next, you know, 30 seconds. I'm not sure if I I'm gonna be able to answer that. So, so yeah, I mean I think from a number standpoint you're not being irresponsible at all, but that next step is yeah, how, how and which investments to take out of. And I would talk to your financial planner and to make sure you're doing that from a tax perspective, the wisest way. Yeah, Great. But because you still got earning potential, still got a really nice nest egg that will continue to grow and this is a part of your retirement strategy. So for using the funds that way for a paid off house, I don't think there's anything scary here, but make sure you do your homework. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey everyone, listen we all have stories, the family and cultural stories that we were born into, the stories of the things that have happened to us, both the good stuff and the challenging stuff. And we have those stories that we constantly tell ourselves and none of us can go back and change any of our old stories, but the world is waiting to see what each of us is gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new stories that you're gonna write. And I'm not talking about making goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life and the lives of those you love for the better forever. If you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories and heal from them and begin writing new ones. If you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy And you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist And you can switch at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp, visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


I still remember 10 years ago, 23 years old, I was frustrated, anxious, and flat broke. I had followed all the ways that toxic money culture had led me down from well-meaning parents and misguided guidance counselors and it left me with a pile of debt. But I'm telling you it doesn't have to stay that way over a decade. I went from broke to millionaire and I break it all down in my new book, breaking Free from Broke, I'm gonna show you just how toxic this money system is and how you can break free from credit scores and credit cards and student loans and auto loans and investing traps. And finally live a life that you're not exhausted by a life with more margin, more options and more peace. If you wanna check out the book, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to get your copy of breaking free from broke. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and Rachel Cruz is alongside, thrilled to have you with us. Glad you're with us wherever you are, however you are watching. Let's get right back to the phones. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the number. Brandy is joining us now in Pendleton, Oregon. Brandy, How can we help today? Hi, thank you for taking my call. You bet. What's going on? I'm a single mom. I have several disabilities and I'm trying to figure out how to make extra income to cover my four walls. I love what I do for work. What Do you do Divorce? I work in development for a ministry. Okay. And what kind of income do you make there?


My take home with child support and my income combined is about $2,800 net a month. $2,800 net. Okay. And brand real quick, can you, can you try to adjust your phone a little bit? I feel like it's a little muffled. Let's see if we can hear you a little bit better if you take a Look at that. Does that give us a little? Yeah, Can you hear me better? That's so much better, thank you. Okay and so we know what your take home is, how much additional income would be ideal And I'm not talking some crazy dream number but just this would give me some real breathing room to take care of the four walls and, and and and let us know what that looks like.


$2,500 a month most comfortably. Is it in addition to what you're making? Yes. Okay. So we wanna go from 28 to 53 a hundred dollars. Okay, that's great. I love that you have that target. Are you currently, is that an issue because of debt And just the parenting plan schedule that I have. So I'm divorced disabled, I've got two kids that are three and five years old. So one is in school and one is in preschool slash daycare. I've sold all my assets and the divorce, I got the house and the divorce and my ex-husband got everything else but I have to pay him $20,000 additionally for his portion of equity.


Oh okay. Alright, so lemme ask you this before we dive into the numbers and Rachel's gonna help me here as we get you out of this debt and all this and I don't want to don't share anything you don't feel comfortable with, but what can you do, in other words, physically with your disabilities? What, just tell me what you can do physically instead of going through what you can't do. Yeah, so what are you, what are you able to do? I've been trained to do some side hustles. I do door dashing and photography and marketing services on the side but I'm just not seeing enough income consistently to, to rely on that. Have you looked at freelance work?


Because it's everywhere. Yeah. And and programing course because that's your greatest skill is the programming. If you were doing what you were doing for a for-profit business, not a ministry, my guess is you might be making 20 to 30% more. Is that outrageous? Yeah, what I'm saying. Yeah, Brand. I agree. Listen, I would be putting all my attention right now into freelance opportunities with your programming skills 'cause that's gonna pay you top notch for your time of all the things that you could do. And when we look at exchanging time for money, that's gonna be your highest rate. You agree with that? Correct?


Correct. That's what I would be doing because when I Look at that number of increasing your income by an additional $2,500 a month, that's what I would be doing. Now I wanna bring Rachel in. Yeah, how much, how much debt do you have to walk through the debt? Yeah. How much debt do you have Brandy? 64,000. 64,000. What is that? Will you break that out for me? That is 12,500 to my ex-husband, which he's willing to wait until I sell the house. It's not an area where we live anyways and I need to come up with some money to pay off all this debt. Okay. Pause the other pause. Big portion of the debt is hold on. The Construction loan on Brandy. Hold on one second. I wanna make sure Rachel gets this.


So I get this, the home that you're gonna sell, it's not the home you're living in and it's in a different area. Is that correct? Yeah, I have a renter in there right now. That's part of my income. What do you stand to make? If you sold that today, what do you think you can make on that? Walking away? I paid it off except for a construction loan. So approximately $110,000. Amazing. Is it on the market right now? I'm in the works of listing it right now. I'm just waiting for the realtor to put it on the market. But I updated the listing for her. And you owe your ex 12 five out of the proceeds of that one 10?


Yes. Okay, okay. I owed him 20,000 but I've paid it down to 12 five. I gotcha. I'm supposed to give him five grand every six months per court order, but he agreed to gimme more time. Okay. And just pay him a lump sum once the house sells. And where are you living right now, Brandy? Are you renting? I'm living, I'm renting. I'm living in an area where my ex-husband lives and works So we can co-parent and it's also close to both our jobs. Okay, that's great. So you'll have 98,000 after the sell of this house and and average, you know, median days on the market right now is around 70 days or so. That's right. Yeah. So hopefully in the next three to four months your house will sell.


So it is, this is short term in a sense, but that 98,000 from there I would direct you at. 'cause all your debt will be paid off at that point. Yeah, I'd like to get to baby step four. I think I'd be able to do that with the sale of this home. I think it's just the short term, but I'm trying to figure Out. Yes. So that's what I was gonna Okay, that's great. 'cause Ken is right for the short term for the next, I mean, make it a goal for the next six months to bring in an extra two grand a month And you can, because of the programming skilling skills, you know, at the beginning of this call, Brandy, just where my mind was going, I almost was going to encourage you, even though you love your job, a lot of us love things, but we just don't make enough money to cover it.


I was gonna encourage you to, to maybe work somewhere else for two to three, four years just to get some really good financial gain under you. Yeah, I have the same thought. And then you can always go back to the nonprofit down the road. But, but there, there is something to be said that, you know, 'cause you're, what you're giving up when you're doing those side hustles is more hours of your time where you could be making that same amount in a shorter amount of time. Right. And so, so I, I mean, I don't know, I know you love your job and I'm sure it's an incredible nonprofit and and they do incredible work and people that work in nonprofits, you know, there, there are such great work there, but when you are a single mom with a list of disabilities, there's only so much you can do.


I I I mean you need to financially get in a spot where you are taken care of And you have money saved in the bank. You're working for a down payment on a home. I mean, there's some stuff there that's that's real that I I mean it's some, it's something to consider. I don't wanna push you into it, but Yeah, Absolutely. But I would consider it, I definitely considered that my only issue with switching jobs currently is other than what I love what I do, my ex-husband works for a prison and his schedule changes every six months and I've had to be kind of the one kind of on the back burner to make my Yeah. My job. Job. Oh, I gotcha. The flexibility. Yeah. Job.


I get that they're not very flexible. Well that's why again, changes every six months and the parenting plan pretty much changes every six months. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm so sorry, but I tell you what, this is great news. Brandi, I'm sorry that you're single mama, I'm sorry you're going through all this. I'm sorry that you're dealing with these disabilities, but I wanted to encourage you, I'm so impressed you're tough as nails. Thank you. And I am so impressed and I'm also happy for you, you're gonna get out of this debt here pretty soon. I really believe that. I want you to, if you try and keep trying and keep trying to sell your programming skills, I think we can get to that money goal an in of, of increased income a lot faster than you here.


Here's my point. You can do that at home and, And you know what I mean, and be around the babies and not out in a car driving around when you're already struggling with some physical stuff. Bless your heart. I just really would like you to try that. There's so much skillset and experience that you have to offer to the world. I would go that route and I mean aggressive. And so, I mean, I would talk to anybody and everybody on social media in your network at the church, you know, wherever you're frequenting with the kids. Hey, I'm a programmer, I'm a single mama and I'm looking to do some contract work. That is okay. There's no shame in that statement. No. And I think people will say, Hey, I need some programming work. They may not be able to afford you as a full-time employee, but pay you an hourly rate that Is or know somebody who knows somebody That needs it.


That's right. So I, I would really encourage you to do that, Brandy, and we're rooting for you. Follow, follow, follow the baby steps. So excited to hear you say pretty soon. I'm in baby step four. And what a, what a legacy that is Rachel. It breaks my heart for the single mamas. I mean they are, they are the toughest, Toughest people on The planet. Oh my gosh. I don't know how they do it. You guys are amazing. Well done Brandy. We're Cheering for you. Brandy. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back.


Hey guys, I've got a big announcement. George Kamel and I are bringing back investing Essentials, our two night virtual event, deep diving into investing and real estate learn step by step. How to get the most out of your 401k mutual funds and real estate investments because there's no better time to get the clarity you need to Invest with confidence. Watch live on March 4th and fifth. Get tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Alright, America, we're back after a quick break. This is The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz is with me, and we're excited to have you with us. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five and the real estate market. Rachel, I I I know your hubs is in real estate. You know Dave's in real estate


And you start thinking about where we're going in 2025 New Year, what's gonna happen, what's the Fed gonna do, the how does that affect this? All the question, all the things. And you know, it can be really crazy. Well if you look at the 15 year fixed mortgage rate for example, it's fluctuated between five and 7% for the past few years. And most experts are predicting this is gonna continue for most of 2025. I'm seeing that as well. People kinda think, well, we're gonna kind of be in a holding pattern. And so while today's rates might feel high compared to what some of us have seen in our lifetime, I've seen much higher. And obviously we've seen much lower, much lower, lower. But historically seven and a half percent is a historical average. So we, we don't want you to be sitting there trying to time the market. If you're financially ready And you can afford the monthly payments, now is a great time to buy your home. And so to learn more about the trends and, and get real help as we walk you through what to do as you're thinking about buying or selling, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com.


Yeah, I think that market, you know, the two biggest myths that I feel like over the past couple years we keep seeing that people are still believing is well rates will just, rates will go back down. They'll go back down, they'll go back down. I don't know if we'll ever see 2% again. I mean, it might be a long time. I Mean it, I don't, I mean it's just not, I mean I'll be a Pretty dusty skeleton I Think. I mean, yeah. So, so again, it's not like it's gonna go from six to two in six months. Like it's just not No. So if you're ready, you can always refinance if it does drop that drastically. But it's, it's pro it probably not. And the other thing is house prices are not gonna take a nosedive. You know, that was a big thing for a while. People thought like 20 21, 20 22.


Like, oh, it's a bubble, everything's gonna pop. I'm gonna get certain Gonna, markets will, have you seen Austin, Texas? Well Austin is a anomaly. That is true. Yes. But they, but I can hear people right now, I wanna make sure we address their Concern, but they're correcting. It's a correction. Like there's a correction, but that's right. But it's not gonna drop. That's right. It's not gonna go down. You know, a million dollar house isn't gonna go to, you know, half a million. Yeah. Idea. Like it's, they're pretty much stabilizing for the most part. It's softening to a degree. But again, it's not these, it's not crazy. It's not this bubble that's gonna pop and you're gonna get all these foreclosures like we saw in, you know, 2007, 2008. So I'm gonna predict a Trump bump, Trump Bump in the first couple of years. Might, we might see us a kind of an interesting chilled out, little easy rollercoaster this year.


Little down, but, but, but I think it's gonna be very interesting to see in year two and three of, of his administration. Yeah. What will consumer confidence look like? I don't have a crystal ball, but I, I just have a feeling. Yes. Well so much of This, we're gonna see some of that Is perceived confidence, right? Oh, when people feel just good in general and they feel good about where the economy specifically heading. Well what happens with regulation? Yes. What happens with tariffs? Yeah. You know, what happens when you start to see more supply come on the market? Yes. Will builders, you know, will there be more lower in income? And I, so I don't mean that, I'm sorry, not lower income housing, but will we see housing starts come in at a, a much more affordable rate? Yes.


Because of what they're Yeah. All these things are affected by sometimes macro policies that do in fact come outta the White House. So Sure. It's gonna be Interesting to see. Yeah, no, that's good. Great point. So hang on. But the point is, if you're ready, jump in now and we're here to walk you through it. Kevin is up in Riverside, California. Kevin, How can we help? Hello? Hey Kevin, you're live on The Ramsey Show with Ken and Rachel. What's going on? Thank you for taking my call. You bet. What's up? So I'm in $650,000 in debt and that includes mortgage, personal loans. Auto loans.


Can you break that down for us real quick? What's, how much is the mortgage? Yeah, debt. The mortgage I owe about 477,000. Okay. And now break down the rest of the debt for us Cars is about 62,000 For two cars. For two cars. Okay. Keep going. Credit credit cards. Just me, I haven't done, my wife hasn't taken hers or brokers down yet, but my cards are about, oh geez, I would say 25,000.


Okay. Personal loans. Personal loans, small business. I would say 25,000. Okay. And then the rest in small loans like Affirm and stuff like that. Yeah. Which would, which would equal what? I haven't broken that down yet, but it's pretty much the rest of my, my Debt. And so, and so how much debt? So that makes up the whole 6 55 if I'm doing quick math. Am I right? Yeah, I guess so. How much does your, I think I I I'm sorry, I'm trying to move this along.


Kevin, how much debt does your wife have? I'm guessing about 25,000. Okay. Somewhere. And the way you're talking about This, mostly credit cards. Credit cards and personal. Okay. And you guys have separate finances it sounds like. We don't, we actually make these decisions together, which is Okay. You threw me off when you said her debt so well. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. But you guys have like, yeah, it's different s Okay. Either way. So We Okay. Separate accounts. Yeah. So we got 6 55 plus her 25. I'm trying to give Rachel the full Picture. Yeah. How much do you guys make a year, Kevin? We make 130. Kevin, what the crap have y'all been doing?


I know. Oh man, I'm sick of it. Just living. Just living. Wow. Yeah. You know, pretty much. And you know, and, and normal. And lemme say that Kevin, I mean this, this literally is America. I'm like, this is normal. You're racking up, you know, credit card debts, two brand new, new cars. I mean this is, this is, this is it. Okay. So what's gotten you to the point you said I'm sick of it. What has, what's kind of, what's kind of brought, what's brought it to a head that even caused you to call today? We had a little girl seven months ago. Oh wow. That'll do it. That'll do it. And how is your wife feeling right now? She's stressed to the moon and back.


Yep. Yep. Where are you at emotionally? She had kicked her up at night. Where are you At? I have a hard time connecting emotions to it and that's probably why I'm in this mess. Okay. So what's the, what, what, what's the real need? We, we know what the problem is. What, what can we help you with today? Well I, me and my wife work for my family business and we work 40 hours a week. Well I do, she stays at home with our little girl most of the time. But I want to work more, but I feel like I am a little selfish for wanting to work a lot more than 40 hours.


Okay. Kevin? And not being home. All right. I'm jumping in 'cause we got about two minutes with you or less. You're not being selfish. No, in fact, I would say you're being selfish if you're not working 80 hours a week. And is your wife collecting a salary? You said we both work for the family business. Is she getting paid to be at home? We, we collect salary, she works from home. Great. So on her computer. So great. So you need to be working like crazy much. How much Is, how much, how much is your mortgage payment a month? 3,700. Okay. Is it that's, I mean that's getting up to what, 40% of your take home pay? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So here's what I do Kevin. So this is gonna be real quick. This is gonna be very painful to implement.


It's much easier for me to sell you all this. I would, I put the house in the market, I would sell it. This is way, way out of bounds. I get it. It you have too much house, it's taking 40%. And then think about all these other payments you guys are barely able to eat. I'm like, this is take, this is taking up so much. So if I were you guys, I I would sell the house, I would sell the cars. I would be working 80 hours a week and I would clean this up. That's what I would do. I mean, I I would, would you get any equity from the home if you guys sold, There's about 30,000 in the house, which I feel like is all fees for putting it on the market anyways. Well, but again, if you can get out, even if it's a break even, she's right.


You saved yourself $3,700 a month, which you need. Yeah. 'cause your income, the ratio of what you guys need to pay for rent and mortgage needs to be about half of where you're at because you're house poor. I'm like, you guys, you know, so I, I would cut up the credit cards tonight. You have to have, keep this feeling of I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done. And you, you, you have to get dead out of your life. You have to stop. And I would be selling everything in sight, including those cars and get your head above water. You guys have, you know, a three to four year journey here. But you, you can do this. Hold on the line. Taylor's gonna pick up and we're gonna Give you guys Financial Peace University, which is our nine lesson course. And, And you guys watch this together and just implement these steps. It's gonna be hard but worth it.


This is The Ramsey Show.