
From Ramsey Network. This is the Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm m George Campbell, joined by the winner only, Jade Warshaw And. We're taking your calls, ET, triple eight eight two five five two two five. You Call in And. We'll do our best to help you take the Right next step. That's all we can do our best. Let's do it. Tony joins us up first in Grand Rapids, Michigan. What's going on, Tony? How can we help? Hey, Hello. First of all, Thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. I've, I've got myself in such A mess. That, I am just so stressed out.


And scared about where the future lies here. I've been watching you guys' Show for about A month now. And, I'm, I'm getting with everything. That, I can as fast as I can to do What. You guys are Well, I'm proud of you for ET least taking A. Step to go. I don't wanna live like this anymore. Yeah, what's What? Can I do? Not ET all, What's happening in your world What, like what's taking place? Well, I I. I'm A Truck driver. I last year. I I made about A hundred 42,000 And. The wife works too. She, she probably makes 25 to 30 probably. I've, I've, I've got some bad knees.


And had some surgeries done last summer on both of them. That put me out for about six months and I went back to work. And, Oh about three months was good, but then the next three was back to being bad again. So going up And down A ramp And delivering inside the Yeah. It sounds like we need A. A different forth career Yeah. So I, I ended up getting an easier job, but it went from like I said A hundred 42 to about A 55 or 60,000. Okay, So now obviously since Memorial Day area, it's just went downhill. And. I'm so far behind And behind Now.


Now how much debt do you have? Well, the way I added it up is about A hundred. And 10. So you have got A hundred And $10,000 of debt. And now doing the job you're doing now. You guys are still making 90,000 If. You're making 60 And. She's making 30. That's still A great income between the two of you. I. Think it's just That. You're not used to it. When you probably picked up all these debt payments when you were making bank thinking, well it'll always be this way. Well, well, Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. I. That's the American way. Tony, you're not alone. I picked up two newer, well, I bought one brand new truck bought A couple years ago, bought A 2018 truck bought A Ranger Bass Boat, which I know Dave really likes That, huh?


Well, The good news, the good news is you also have A lot you can sell when you've got two trucks. And, A boat. Well, exactly, And. I've already got Yeah, I've already got my for sale sign on, on the F-150, the the A sign that's going on the boat. Okay, tell us the numbers. What's the boat What do you owe on the boat? And. What's It worth? Well, it's A Ranger. It's A 50 two five Is What I still owe on it. And 52,500? Yes. Okay. and I I just call the dealer And. They're, he's telling me That, they're going for roughly 40 to 50. So you're upside down so slightly. Yep. I'm, so, I'm upside down. A little bit on That And.


Then the truck I owe 12 5 4 And. Kelly Blue Book And Edmonds is telling me it's Right around I. Think it was 10 to 14,000. So, okay, good. I'm hoping to, so You could break even on both of These. You could break even on That one. Yeah, And, Yeah, And And I. Mean That clears. That clears $64,000 of debt. It's Right There over. Exactly. Does, does That make you feel better? Hey, let, don't, don't glaze over That. 'cause that's A huge thing. Right There one of Those payments add up to If. You take the boat payment plus the truck payment. What's That every month? Well the Boat, the boat payment is six 10 A month.


Ooh, And. The F-150 is seven Oh four. Wow. And, my man, my Silverado I, What going say I owe 34,000 on That And. Kelly Blue Book is saying that's about 20 to 23. So I'm really upset you're Underwater on That one. But it mean to know That. You could clear to know That. You could Get back A little over $1,300 in your pocket just by selling the boat in the truck. That's gotta most Definitely, Most definitely. You know, so, That, I'm, I'm, I'm so ready to do it. Okay. Are you, are you behind on any of these payments? Yes. I am. Which ones the boat? And the F-150. I'm about A. Month. Month And A. Half behind. The Silverado is three months behind.


Goodness gracious. Is anybody? Yep. So your phone's blowing up one 800. Pay me. Is Yeah, they Come after you or are they about to repo this thing? Where are you? ET, I, I talked to 'em. I made A payment let about A week ago. And, they said that'll take me out of the repo status. Good for maybe A couple of weeks. Okay, Good. Now let's talk about your wife's income. What. Is she doing Right now for work? I? She's A security guard. Is this part-time? No, it's full-time. Is she able to pick up extra hours? She makes 16 hour. No, not ET That job. Okay, so somebody, one of you guys is, is going to need to pick up some extra hours doing something asap. I Don't care. If, you go over to Walmart.


And work night shifts. You Do some security shifts. Yeah, She, she, she, she actually even call them yesterday. Okay? I'm just And If. She can even go to work. A retail job making 20. Well, she just got an $8,000 raise Because This the hol the holidays are coming up. There's gonna be so many options. Seasonal work, Yeah, It's already started. So that's gonna be your goal tonight. One of my homeworks for you guys is when you Get off the line, you, you And your wife. Sit down tonight. And. Make A list of all the places That. You're gonna Apply And make A number goal. And say, okay honey I want you bringing in $500 extra A month. I'm gonna bring in 500 extra extra. Like sit down And put real numbers to this because when it, the realer It looks, the more motivating it is.


but it it's very vague. You don't really know What you're going after. So make That very crystal clear. What. Other is There. Anything else that's on fire debt wise? Because I love That. You can sell some things to clear it. Can you tell us about the, the other 60,000 of debt That you've got? Well I've got 3,500 on A Visa I. I've got like 8,000 for taxes for the last three years is my guess. Okay, We're gonna move That about 8,000. We're Gonna put That ET top of list. Top of the list. That's your next priority is the I RS 'cause they can screw up your life Tony. So We Get current. Exactly. We. Get. Current We do the taxes. And. In the meanwhile we're selling the Boden truck.


That's the order of all of this happening. So keep telling us What else. Do you have, Well I got medical And collections, but it don't know the amounts of those I need to run my reports. And actually write down everything. You know, What I mean Yeah, Yeah. Let's do some homework. You can go to annual credit report.com. And pull your credit report from all three bureaus. And, have your wife do the same thing. Yeah, it'll take you just A. Few minutes to do And. That's gonna give you guys A true financial picture of where we're ET, how much debt we have, where do we owe money? And, what's the status? And. Then We can develop A plan. We're gonna help you with That plan. Tony, I'm gonna gift to you one year of EveryDollar premium. So you can actually list out your income, list out the expenses you And your wife, spit shake.


Here's the plan. We're gonna stick to It And. By the way, those medical no I have A. Question about That. Sure. I have A. Question about the dollar. The ever dollar I actually downloaded That. Good And. How did, how do you actually start It when you're behind? Okay, so that's A. Great question. The same way That, you would start it If you weren't behind. You still go through And. You add your income to the top 'cause it gives you A space to add all the times you're paid. And, What, those amounts are And. Then you go through Tony And list everything. You could actually spend money on And. George and I did A really great video. It's on YouTube If. You go over to the Ramsey Solutions Ramsey Show page. You can find It There. You can do It in five minutes. but remember your homework Get current on everything first.


Number two, you're gonna settle the tax bill. Number three, you're gonna sell the boat. And the truck. Number four, settle those medical bills. That are in collections. S settle 'em for pennies on the dollar. Okay? Don't pay full price. And sell everything until you're what's known as A, minimalist. It's very trendy. Right. Now And, you're gonna be on the other side of this very soon. Tony, we're rooting for you. Thanks for calling in. This is the Ramsey. Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not A fan of the big banks And. You probably already know which ones I mean. but it do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations. That focus on their members. And, I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people Get out of debt. And live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCU s up to 200 And $50,000. It's easy to join And Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live, but it, you prefer the online experience. You can log on to Fairwinds And, do anything you could do ET, A physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more And while you're There look ET, the combined checking And savings account bundle. They created just four Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds f A I RW I ND s.org/ RAMSEY Welcome. Back to the Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw this hour. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five.


Well, Jade, we've got an exciting interview. That released everywhere today. And, you don't wanna miss this A. Few weeks ago, Dave and I sat down with Ben Shapiro to have A real life conversation about work, family building wealth, the American Dream And. The interview is now available on YouTube podcast, the Ramsey Network app. Go check this out. This was A long form interview. We went about 49 minutes. I believe And It was A riveting conversation and I accidentally ribbed Ben Shapiro pretty hard. So it's worth listening. Just for That moment, I'll take your word for it, George. There's, there's an exclusive extra That you can only watch in the Ramsey Network app where Shapiro exposes major shifts in the media. And family dynamics in the current culture. Go check It out, Ramsey Network app, YouTube podcast everywhere.


Or you can click the link in the description. Let's Get to the phones. Mary is in Charleston, South Carolina. Mary, how can We help? Good afternoon. Can you hear me well? Yes we can. Hey, I was explaining That I I inherited two houses. We got out of probate beginning of March. And the end of March. I got in A really crazy car accident. So one of the houses I own one of the houses is total free And Clear 'cause he bought It Cash. The other one, there's some money. There's A mortgage on it.


I decided because I was using all of my money to pay for everything. but I'm, I'm really, really low on funds now. And. So I decided to try to sell the other house. I, What going use it as my warehouse. If, I'm paying for A Warehouse every month. but The pay for house or the mortgage house you were gonna use as A Warehouse. The paid for house. Okay, because we got It in like 2018. He paid like 40,000 for It. It was like A 10 houses for $250,000 deal. Thankfully he only bought this one even though I didn't even want to buy this one. Mary, Mary who passed away, He was my partner.


We ran A, non-profit together. but it took care of him. Okay, And, he passed away. He was 80 Oh And. So How old are you? A? Lot of things happened. I just turned 52. Okay, sorry. I'm sorry for your loss. That can't have been easy. No, It was A really bad situation. And, it just got like, it got really worse and I was trying to take care of everything for him. And thinking That, it would Get better or I could ET least because everything was up in Rhode Island. And, I'm trying to Oh. This is A. Long distance Rhode Because you're in South Carolina. See, y'all don't have time for A. Crazy story.


but How can we help today? I wanna make Sure, we give you the Right next step. What's going on with your finances? That, you're so desperate. Well, I have kids, which they're all adults and I know I enable my children. I've been bet free for, for, for A. Good while, Are you debt free Now? Probably the hardest. Myself, technically, yes. You know, I got like A Right now. Like car insurance. And my cell phone Bill I got I, got myself all the way down to just debt. Okay, But you don't have any loans, but No sir. No sir. Okay. I. I hated debt before my girls went to college. I had paid off my student loan. And Everything. So why are you, why are you so desperate to sell this house?


Well, because because of the car accident. I haven't been working. And, we were running A, nonprofit and I haven't been doing anything. So I've using all of our reserves, all the, all the money Off. So you've been living off of savings And, you have $0 coming in every month. How much savings did you start with And? How much do you have left? About between 80 And 90 Is What. You started with. Okay, Yeah. And, What. Do you have left? Truthfully, Yeah, we're not judging you. Probably under No, no reason to lie to us. No, no. I don't.


I don't know I'm crazy. If That out. $200. Maybe. Maybe, maybe maybe two, maybe four. So we're about down A zero it 400. Let's Call it zero. And. you have no income coming in every month. And, you're unable to work. Well I'm not fit for duty. I know my brain works and I can probably do things, but it can't stand really well in walking. I can't take more than six steps without me outta That. Have you filed for disability? No sir. I didn't think about That. I'm trying to Get my daughter to F disability with ms. Yes, but What, I spend my money on I, spend my money on my kids because she's no longer working. So help money. But you don't have any money to spend on the kids. So we need to either figure out something That you can do with the nature of your disability or we need to file for disability for now.


Yeah. Because here's the thing, If, you go And sell one of these houses. Even If, you have the cash If, you're funding your lifestyle, which is bringing in zero income. And. If. You're funding lifestyles, And enabling to use your words, your grown children. You're gonna blow through That, money, ity, split And. Then you're gonna have nothing left to liquidate. So to George's point, We gotta find something that's work from home. That's Call Center customer service. Something where If, you needed to sit. And your swivel chair for eight hours, A day And help people over the phone with your Stanley Cup. You can do That and I. Think That you can, like you said, your brain works perfectly fine. You're perfectly coherent. I. Think That in all of this. Like your insight is what's wounded, like your emotions. You've been through A Ride with losing your partner.


You're going through some things with your grown children. And hon. Like honestly it just sounds like your life has been turned upside down. Yeah and I. Think That is where the, the frustration And just kind of That feeling like you're stuck. and the mud Right. So I would not turn this into A warehouse I think we do need to liquidate these houses. but What I would do is go Ramsey Solutions dot com, click on trusted services. You'll see smart Vestor pro There. You need to connect with someone who can help you manage And, invest this money wisely. Because What could happen is you sell the houses, put all this money into an investment account. That then spins off enough to cover your expenses every month. Yeah. So that's What I would be doing while filing for disability. If you can truly do no work whatsoever because we need something coming in.


I don't want you on the streets, And, you've gotta cut off the If. You've got healthy adult children. You've gotta cut off this supply I thought I heard her say That, somebody had MS or something like That, but Yeah, whatever That means, you've gotta figure out A way to help them become self-regulatory And, That. You can do your own finances on your side too. 'cause you can't If, you don't have any money, you can't help anybody else. George, that's What. It's boil down to. So sorry Mary All Right. Let's talk to Mark in Greensboro, North Carolina up next. Mark, how can we help? Hey, how you doing? We're Doing well. How are you? Awesome man. thank you guys for What. You do. I've been listening to this Show long longer than you guys have been on it.


Wow, that's not Long. Not long. I. Thought you What going since it's been on the air. but that's cool. What's your question today? Mark? What's your riddle for us? Okay, so should be A. Pretty simple question. I've got A surface question And then A deeper question the surface question I know the answer to And. That's should I. Should I close my credit card account? Yes. So I, think We all We all know the answer to That question. but here's why I'm asking It, obviously I know That the goal is to have A zero debt or zero credit score. I look forward to That day. but it have A mortgage. So that's not going to happen until I Get rid of the mortgage And. My concern is That, I'm plan. We are probably going to be moving in the next few years, which means That, I'm going to need That credit score in able to Get A different mortgage.


Is It going to hurt my credit And? The only reason I'm asking is because, and I probably spend more time on Credit Karma than I should. Is It going to hurt It because I've had That one card for over. It's the only card I have left and I've had It for 20 years. And is It going to hurt my credit score when I close That card Not enough to keep you from buying A house. ET, A. Good rate. It might initially ding it A little bit, but you paying your mortgage on time, It'll climb Right back up. What is going climb Right back up. You stay current on those mortgage payments. And. Then when you sell your house, And buy another one. Well the score's not gonna disappear instantly. And. So in the meantime, That score is gonna still sit There And. When you go Get another mortgage, they're gonna use That score. And by the way, credit Karma.


Let me tell you something, they, they try to play you because I, remember George checking my Credit Karma score after we had paid off all of our debt thinking Oh, it's gonna go to zero, it's gonna go to zero. and I kept thinking, man, my score. It's kind of starting to be bad, but it's not rolling to zero M. They play you because they want you to take out more credit to increase your score. Because What, Sometimes they don't What. That's how they make their money Mark. They don't, their whole goal is to Get you into more debt. They don't give you an accurate score. If, you go And actually like to A real reputable source, you'll find your true Score. Oh. Yes. Yep. So beware of sites like Credit Karma because remember they want you to engage in more credit Activity And. They'll try to scare you with notifications, And emails.


Hey, your score is dipping. you have gotta take out more credit. It turned out my score was really to zero but they weren't reporting it That way. Ugh. So be careful with those sites. It's A. Terrible scoreboard If. You want A scoreboard? Use A net worth calculator. Okay, not A credit score. That tells you nothing about your financial life other than how good you are. ET playing kissy face with the bank and I don't know about you, but they got they got That. Old man moth breath. No Thank, you gross. No thank you. This is the Ramsey. Show.


This Show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This is the season for Halloween. It's October. We're wearing costumes. And. We're wearing masks. If, you haven't started planning your costume yet. Get on It And while you're thinking about it. I want you to be honest. A lot of us hide ourselves. We hide our true selves behind costumes, And masks all the time. We do this ET work. We do this around our friends. We do this around our families. We even do this when We look. ET ourselves in the mirror. I know because I've been There multiple times in my life. And, it's the worst. If. You feel like you're stuck hiding behind masks, And costumes all the time. If, you find yourself hiding from your true self. I want you to consider talking with A therapist. Therapy is A place where you can be honest, where you can talk to somebody else. And, reflect And. Learn And. You can accept all the parts of yourself over time. And, start living an authentic life. Masks And. Costumes should be for Halloween parties, not for our emotions. And our true selves. And. If, you're considering therapy. Try calling my friends. ET BetterHelp. BetterHelp is A. Hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for you And your schedule. Just fill out A short online survey And. You'll be matched with A licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapist ET any time for no additional cost. Take off the costumes And, take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to Get 10% off your first month. That's better. HE p.com/deone.


Welcome. Back to the Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Heather's s. up next, just down the road here in Nashville, Tennessee. Heather, how can we help you? Hi, me And, my husband have tried to do A. Pretty good job with budgeting so far. And now And. Just kind of budgeting, living within our means. Now we're about to be parents in about A little over A month. Woohoo. Congrats. Thank you. It's very exciting. So we're just kind of looking for some advice on like how to budget with A new baby And. Like how to care for this new child. And still be able to live within our means kind of with all the new expenses. That. Come with A baby.


Absolutely. Well George, you're closer to this than I am. I'm the newest dad. I've got A. I've almost 14 month old Heather. So I've had A, you know, some experience. Now budgeting with A baby And. The truth is there's an upfront cost that's like, it feels overwhelming 'cause like we gotta Get the stroller. And the car seat. And, maybe another car seat for the other car. And, And. Yeah. The beautiful thing is If, you have some good people in your life, some family friends, they throw the shower. You've got friends. That just had babies. Reduce, reuse, recycle the amount of new crap. We. Think we have to buy That. You can just borrow or take from A friend as A hand me down. It's amazing how much money you can Save, Oh, I. What going say Hit That registry link And. Send It to everyone you know, Oh, Oh, Yeah And. The registry link as well.


So That covers A. Lot of the upfront to where it's not as actual as, it's not as overwhelming And. Then the on the ongoing budgeting side, the things to think through obviously are the basics. We're talking diapers, And, formula, A, lot of diapers, A, lot of formula. Unless you're feeding And. So those are the things to add into the budget Yeah. but the idea Is to feed, unless we can't, Are you guys in A good financial spot to where this is not gonna be like A giant curve ball. That's What We. Don't know. We kind of we're like we're Right on That edge where we're fine Right now, but we don't know how this baby's gonna If. It's gonna upset anything. Well, do you Have savings? We're talking like, let's say A few hundred bucks is added to your budget for now.


If, there's daycare expenses. That's gonna be the biggest one in the budget. If, you go That route. So what's the game plan for That? Yeah? Well thankfully my mom And, his mom have agreed to take care of childcare for the first few months. Wow. They've made That commitment. And. They've made That promise to us. It. Yeah. That's A blessing. So we have A wonderful support system. Yeah And. You guys have the money set aside for any hospital costs. And things like That savings, Yeah, that's What. That's the thing we've adjusted our budget for already. but we're just kind of like, okay, What else do we need to kind of prepare for Yeah? But If, you have the out-of-pocket Max, you know That number with your insurance. We know that's the max we're gonna pay beyond That. It's What are the things That we need as we, you know, leave the hospital. And come home.


And. Truthfully, people think they need to have like A decked out nursery. No you don't. My baby didn't even see That nursery for like six months. My baby Initially slept in A Pack. And play That probably cost $30. That. Somebody got us And. They were in That for A long time before they even went into their crib. And, we borrowed A bassinet from A coworker for the first six months. And they don't, they don't really do much. So much of What we got didn't come into play until like three to six months later. That's Right. And. Truthfully. Heather we're in A. Good financial spot. I still went to Facebook marketplace to Get the like recliner, And the crib, And, all of these things because I did not wanna pay retail price. And. So there's A. Lot of ways you can make this. You can make A baby as expensive as you want.


You can do it as affordably as you want. And. So do you guys have any debt? Just some college debt. but we're kind of putting That on hold for the moment. Yeah, my debt isn't gaining any interest. Right now And. His debt isn't because it's Bill Biden, And administration, And kind of the, the weird things That have been going on There. So we're just kind of like, okay, we can pause on That for now. Yep. As We adjust to life with the new baby And then Get back to That one. We're comfortable. Yeah. That's the move you're doing the Right thing. We Call it stork mode where you pause the baby steps. And just stack up cash. So how much do you have in savings? Yeah. Right. Now I think probably collectively with all of our accounts, probably close to 8,000. Great And. That's gonna continue for the next month.


Yeah, And, What. So some another I guess. and the other question I have is like after the baby comes kind of like how is There like A Good piece of advice for how long to, and like stay home before going back to work. It's s up to you. And. What. You guys decide That you can afford And. What. Your goals are truly And. What your, you know, workplace policies are, do you have A maternity leave? I work for myself. I just teach private music lessons. And. Then my husband just started A new job about A month ago. Thankfully they're willing to work with him with the baby And everything. So we've, it's been A little tricky trying to figure That out. but Yeah, so we're kind of, he's his is more the kind of like, okay, how long is he able to take off before he Have to Go back?


I mean? I'd say set A plan. Sit down And. Set A plan. but also hold it loosely like I. Remember I said I, What going be back after I'm in music as well. I was back then and I remember thinking Oh, I'll be back. You know, I just need A. Few weeks later, eight weeks. And It ended up going from eight weeks to 12 weeks. 'cause you just don't, you just don't know. So I say If, it's A set. If Csection, What is going gonna take longer to recover. So exactly I, I'm hoping And praying That, everything goes super smoothly. And. That, it's A. Very quick recovery. but also we gotta plan for. thank you. thank you If. This takes A month or two or three or four. Yes. We gotta be prepared for That too. Yep. Yeah. I've already told my students since my babies do around Thanksgiving, I've told 'em okay from Thanksgiving on, I'm not gonna be doing lessons until sometime in January, maybe February, depending on how long I need, You know, something you could do.


My my creative brain just opened up real quick. Something you could do is between now And then create something that's online or like That they can have while you're gone. but it doesn't require you being There. So maybe it's A little webinar series That they can do. Or like just A little course That they can take while you're not There but it still brings in some money. I don't know, just A thought from A Fellow music creative. Thank you. but it sounds like you guys have this dialed in. you have got eight grand in savings. Family's There to support. You've got A great system going on. Yeah I. Assume you already did like the shower And stuff. Right, Yeah. So We actually we have probably 80 to 90% of What we need Amazing And. Probably 2000 more items than you even will ever use or need.


That's kind of What happened. I know I. We definitely have some things That we don't need, but we'll definitely be fun to use. Well then you can return it Get. Credit gift cards. And. Use That toward the things That really matter. Which is really just diapers. So many diapers. You know What George, nobody Warned me. I. Okay, I think I have the opposite. I. Think That. So many people talked about the cost of diapers so much. Well It wasn't the cost, it was the amount. You go through The amount, okay, Yeah I. Think in the end I was like the diapers weren't the thing for me it was everything else. Yeah. It was It. Well my wife else is fairly crunchy. So she wants like the European brand formula. That's like I. Hear you. $4,000 an ounce. It's like liquid gold And. So We got A budget extra in the Camel family for her crunchiness.


Here's What. You need to budget extra for Mama Oh. That's A good one. Mama. Mama needs things. That are going to make her comfortable during the most uncomfortable months of her life. So it's like A spa gift card for A massage, postnatal massage gift Card. Yes. Get, you some nice pajamas. Get you the best pump That money can buy That you like. Like don't, just don't forget about Mama during these things. Splurge On mama. Splurge on mama Yeah. My wife, she's, we gotta pay for physical therapy now because her bag is jacked up. Oh man. Man from carrying the baby. Yeah. It's A lot Yeah. So that's something you have gotta think about's. Yeah. Yeah, Get yourself. A like A. Nice like baby carrier, whatever you decide. Yeah. Oh. Man. Those, those, those days.


And months. Jade missing it. She's like ah, simpler times. A little bit I Am. Don't let Sam Warsaw see this. He's gonna be like Uhoh, I. Love it All. Right. Let's move on to Wayne in Fort Worth. What's going on Wayne? How are you doing today? Doing well. How can we help Yeah? I. My wife and I are going to need to make A quick move. And. Our situation is That. We have no debt. And haven't had debt for many years. We have roughly A hundred And 75,000 in savings. Plus 500,000 in investment portfolio. 500,000 in other other assets. That are Liquidable.


Wow. And. we have And. we have A paid off home. That's worth about 425,000. incredible. So Yeah, it's pretty cool. I mean God's been good. And, we've listened to Ramsey Show for I. Don't even know how long. 20 plus years. Way to go. And your baby steps millionaires. That's Right. It's been great. My question is, And, this is where my wife wanted the, the, the Ramsey advice and I know you guys There or there for That. We need to make this move. And. It. It's gonna have to have to happen pretty quick. And. So I, you know the House That we're looking ET is 490,000. Our house is worth, you know, We, we, we even If liquidated It. We would Get 400 back Yeah. Okay, can I two question is, one is, can I borrow against myself against my own portfolio?


And use my cash to purchase this other house while I'm waiting for this one to sell And. Then just pay myself back. You know, you know What, I'm saying like Yeah. So, If, If, I, And, And. What's A reasonable percentage of net worth? That you should have invested in A home considering it's paid off. and I I. Think I had heard Dave one time said Wayne, I'm gonna hold you over to this next segment. 'cause I love this question. And love the way you're thinking. So hang on the line. We'll be Right back with you. Sorry I ran outta time. but I'm going to answer this as soon as We come back. This is the Ramsey Show.


My wife Sharon is A major health fanatic. So I was excited to tell her That we're partnering with Field of Greens, A fruit, And Vegetable Super drink, each fruit And vegetable in field of greens was The selected to support your heart, liver, kidneys, And, metabolism for healthy weight. And we love the field of Greens comes with A Better health money Back Promise. Get 15% off ET field of greens.com/ Ramsey with A promo code RAMSEY. That's field of greens.com/ Ramsey


Welcome. Back to the Ramsey Show Right. Before the break we were talking with Wayne in Fort Worth, Texas. Let me recap what's going on in Wayne's life. He's crushing it. Their baby steps millionaires A, hundred 75,000 in liquid savings, 500,000 in an investment account, 500,000 in an oth. Other accounts, other things, 425,000 in the house. And, they're wondering should they purchase A $490,000 House. And. If. So how are they gonna do this? So Wayne is That A Fair And. Accurate summary. Yes it is Yeah. Okay, great. So you had two question is, one was, should I sort of borrow against my own investment account? The board borrow scares me.


What you're really doing is saying, I'm going to use A portion of my investments to purchase this home with cash. Correct. Plus the equity in your home. Well, I I, Well I would rather I could, you know, use equity in my home with A Bridge loan, And And cash to do this. Or I could use, you know, use my, you know, truly borrow against my own accounts, you know, to my own brokerage account just for the short time. So I'm not actually selling assets. And taking the tax hit. I would be borrowing against the brokerage account. And then utilizing the sale of the home to pay it back. You know, in A matter of A month or two or Whatever.


Two, I'm, why do all the gymnastics when you can just pay cash so easily with the equity in your home? Plus A little bit of money. I mean just even from your savings, you could do this. You don't have to touch the investments or borrow against it. Yeah. but then I would have to do A Bridge loan. Are are you, do you feel good About That? Why? You said it's four 90 for the house, you said you'll Get probably 400 in net profit from the sale of yours. So you need an extra 90. There's gonna be A, there's gonna be A gap of time between making this purchase. And the sale of mine. So would you, but Yeah, would you Feel comfortable? You're it first you're saying before you sell yours Yeah, you need to make this purchase Yeah. That's Right. Do You feel comfortable just taking the almost $500,000 And paying cash And then when your other house sells, replenishing it?


Not I mean Yeah. Not really. 'cause I don't wanna take, you know, you know, We, we would be taking A pretty big hit on pulling out money out of the investment portfolio. You know, What are the other assets. You said you had, when you said you had 500,000 invested, you said you had another 500,000 in liquid investments. I'm assuming when you say liquid, I'm, I'm assuming, hey, I can Get to this And. It's not really gonna Cause A problem. I Yeah, I, I can move it, but it's probably A three month window on That stuff. Yeah, you know, like, you know, sports cards That kind of thing. So it's, you know, Oh, Oh like collectibles. Okay, I. See? Okay, I I know That market very well and I know That That really is, you know, the funds, but it, you have to liquidate it in A quick turnaround.


Okay. Might be four 20. Why is There A gap between buying this new home, And selling yours, I? Well, when we, when We put this home up for sale, you know, It, it What is going be A matter of anywhere from, you know, three weeks to three months. You know, you just don't know for Sure how long it'll take to move it. And and I have to And. The place I'm moving to is in another portion of the country. So I need to make That move soon. And And then. So I'm kind of like left in this and of A and I don't really wanna do A, short term rental. and I did find A place. That. I feel really good about That was four 90. And. Just for clarity, just for clarity, the reason That, you're wanting to borrow against your brokerage versus just take out or conventional mortgage is interest rate, I'm guessing.


Yes. We, we just, we, you know, What, we got That thing where we haven't had any debt really in, you know, in five or six years now And, it's pretty great and I just don't even want like pay, you know, the, the points on A, on A, you know anything I don't wanna pay you. Sure What were saving up in up What was the investing for, because I like to have A goal when I invest money versus just like having A pile sitting out. There. So are you investing in retirement on top of all this? Everything was the 500, basically the 500 that's in the brokerage account. And the 500 that's in the, you know, collectibles, And, whatnot. I I. See all of That as as future retirement. And And. Not to mention we still have income gen.


We're still, you know, around two 80 A year in regular income now. So, okay, I Mean the truth. The truth of this is just because you've paid off A house doesn't mean you can never have A mortgage again. 'cause plenty of people upgrade in house. They, they buy A starter house, they pay it off And. Then when they wanna upgrade, they take A small mortgage out or you know, And. That. The small part of That is relative to their income. And net worth obviously. So there's, you're not evil If. You say I have A paid off house. And, I'm gonna buy another house knowing That, I'm selling this one and I have A mortgage for it. That's, that's your choice. I looking, ET your numbers I. Don't think it'd be the worst thing in the world, but it It were me. I'd want find A way to take some of the hard earned cash.


That I have And. I'd wanna pay for It in cash. 'cause to your own point, you don't like having payments and I, Get, That And. Even though in this case it, it'd be pretty arbitrary. I don't, you know, I don't know how quickly your current home will sell, but probably relatively quickly. If it's priced. Right, Yeah, And. You can make it contingent Yeah A. Lot of times you can even rent back from the new owner for A month or two until you Get into the new house. So there's A, lot of things you can do to avoid all of all of the hoop Law. but it you wanted to Get A mortgage And. Then as soon as your house is paid off And, you know your soon as your house sells, just knock out the mortgage. It's gonna, we're talking like A, few months Yeah. So the interest is not gonna be detrimental here. I agree with That And. The second part of my question was the percentage of net worth.


Because ET, ET ET my ET, my, you know, moderate level of net worth. It's my understanding That, you know, assuming I don't have debt. That, you could be up to 50% of net worth value. Yeah, There's no rule. There in our millionaire study Yeah we found That. It just happened to be this way. That, these baby steps millionaires about A third of their net worth was tied up in their house. Right. But there's no rule. That says If, it's more than 50. Be careful because here's an example. Wayne I have A paid for home. It's A, very large portion of my net worth. Right. Now in my early thirties, Right, over time my investment accounts are going to far outweigh the value of my home. but Right now because we were so focused on home, And payoff, And, the investments haven't caught up yet.


Right. Now I feel it feels lopsided, but it really doesn't matter. The point of That equation is not having too much tied up in the home is That. You wanna make Sure That, you have income producing assets. And, your investments are gonna produce income versus your primary home, which produces nothing. It just costs your money. So that's really the Yeah. This would Process. This would be roughly A third. So We would be, we would be in line Yeah, How old are you? 55. Yeah To And to George's Point. That now. So 10 Years will change. Now your investments have doubled, your home may not have doubled. It may have gone up. Right, A, hundred thousand dollars. Right. And. So I I wouldn't worry too much about That. I would just focus on becoming debt, you know, staying debt free, investing as much as you can. You could do Max maxing out all accounts.


I would focus on the tax advantage accounts. It sounds like you guys have focused on the non-retirement accounts. Do you have any four Oh, one Ks or IRAs? Yeah? We have four Oh. We have A lot. you have four Oh, one Ks, IRAs the, it's difficult because the income level's too Hi for Roth. but We can do backdoor. Roths, And Yeah. There's mega backdoor for the four Oh one K. There's And. Then beyond That, HS, A, If, you have one of those. You can invest There as well. Yep. Then there's taxable brokerage. So we're, We're doing maximum allotment on every one of those things for the last many years. Oh, my Goodness, four years. Those are great. Wayne, you are the poster child And. We also We also do 20% to charity. So we're excellent. We're doing What. We're following the Right We. We're in good, good position. I'm proud of You. Well thanks Deserve. Thanks for the Call man.


I wanna be special when I grow up. That was really good discussion. Yeah That. Really good stuff. Yeah. These are good problems to have. Alright, let's Get to our question of the day here.


Student loan debt is an epidemic. We know That defaulting on debt makes you feel even worse. And our question of the day sponsor. Why. Refi refinances defaulted private student loans. And builds A custom loan based on your ability to pay. So you'll have A payment you can afford with A low fixed interest rate you couldn't Get anywhere else. So go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be available in all states.


All Right. Today's question comes from Diana in Georgia. She says, my husband and I make 200 And $30,000 A year. And. we have 200 And, 37,000 in debt. Not including our house. Our current house is valued ET, 600,000 And. we owe about four 50 on our mortgage. Okay, our problem is we have outgrown this house. And. I'm ready to move now. Our living spaces are filled with toys. So we desperately need A playroom. Or you could just Get some organization. My husband and I would like to have an adult space after the kids go to bed. Master bedroom, And. we don't have That either. I found A Home That I Love, which is listed for seven 50. I ran the numbers And it would double our mortgage payment to 5,000 A month.


This is over 25% of our take home pay, which I know is not What you teach, but it could make A huge difference in our day-to-day life by stressing you with debt. Oh. My goodness. What, do you think Jade? Well you heard my commentary within the read. And. So I. Think That. You are on That stuff. And, That. This is A. Bad, bad, bad, bad choice. I think you're probably really emotional. Truly I. Think That. You've got A. Lot of kids going around I. Think That, you're stressed and I, Get, That. but it think That. This house is not gonna solve your problems. Broke. The house is gonna, You're broke. Gonna make it worse. Broke. You have got 240 grand consumer debt. you have gotta barely any equity comparatively to What. You're about to Jump into And, then you're about to stress yourself over 25% of your take home pay.


This is not, you need to Get invest in some nice storage for these toys. You need to make your master bedroom A. No kid zone. Y'all are not allowed to come in here when the door is closed or when it's Open and I. Think If. You set some boundary issues. And Get your space under control. Your mind will Get under control. We need Need to downsize And declutter your money. And our house. Not upsize. That's the short answer here. This is the Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals? Only to Get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created the Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content That keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over $7,000 of RAMSEY shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content. And, no distractions. Plus you can search. Specific question is to Get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice ET your fingertips. It's time to Get serious about your goals. And, shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the app store or Google Play If. You're listening on s podcast. Just click the link in the Show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


From Ramsey Network. This is the Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm Ramsey personality George Kamel And. Joined by bestselling author Jade Warshaw And. We're taking your Call ET triple eight eight two five five two two five. Call us up. And we will do our best to help you with whatever life has thrown ET, you good, bad, ugly. We want to know about it to help you take the Right. Next step b Brie's gonna kick us off here in Sacramento, California. Brie Welcome to The, Ramsey Show Hi. Thanks so much. I'm so excited. You guys are the perfect duo for my question is, wow, I'll let Ken Coleman know. Yeah Thank you so much for That. It means A lot. What's going on? Okay, so I'll exercise brevity here.


I have extremely generous And, thoughtful in-laws. They do very well though they are not, you know, Ramsey principal people. And with That being said, A. Couple years ago they opened A whole life policies for all four of their children. That, they pay for And technically own. but when they gifted It ET Christmas, they said, you know, we opened these policies, but they're yours. If. You wanna cash it out. If, you wanna add to it? If, you wanna just let It sit? That's totally up to you. Okay, flash forward three years later. Now That we're married 'cause they gifted the policy when we were dating Oh. Wow. I would like to cash out the policy because my husband and I both have term insurance.


So we're covered. There on our own. I would like to cash It out. And put It in A Hi yield, which the interest would probably cover What. They're contributing every month anyway, which is $65. Yeah. but my husband doesn't want to be ungrateful or have A difficult conversation and I don't know If. My mindset should be like, you know, What, technically brass, ack, they own the policy. It's their money. Should it be out of sight, out of mind, or should I push for this because it's What we follow in our marriage. I mean They said you could cash it out. Right, They did. Who are the policies for Right now you said there's four of them. They have four children. And, they opened whole life policies on all four children. but they own the parents still own all the policies.


And, they're listed as the beneficiaries, not the wives. Oh. That's interesting. So the policies on him, like it's, it's, So we're talking about one policy And, how much do they pay per month for this policy? $65. Okay, And, what's the like what's the cash value After the surrender charge? It would be about 11,400 ET. This point. Okay, And, you're saying, hey we put That in A Hi yield, we're gonna make the 65 back And. we don't need this policy. Right, What, If, And. It would be something If. It wasn't A. Hi yield. That. I would contribute to where I'm not gonna throw money into A Whole life policy into A. Terrible product with A. Terrible return. Right absolutely Yeah. Well What is their intent. ET this point paying for A grown man's whole life policy.


Well, I think I was trying to rack my brain about That too. And, the only thing That crossed my mind is are they trying to just set this up as A savings plan so all of their kids have money to pay inheritance tax when they go. You know, like, so if there are expenses based on their inheritance, they already know That, they've helped put aside money to cover That. How? How wealthy are these people? but that's because inheritance tax not gonna kick in unless we're talking like $20 million Yeah. They're very wealthy. Okay, I don't know If, I'd touch this I don't know That. 65 bucks A month is gonna also pay for any meaningful taxes. If, we're gonna be honest. Right, Right, Right, There's, there's part of me just listening to you talk I don't know If.


I touched this because this was in kind of in, it was in place A before you guys were married. It's their money That. They're spending That, And the fact That, you are not the beneficiary. and of lets me know That, this is just something That they're doing. It doesn't really make sense to me, but who cares? It's not I. I would tend to not try to control this. It's almost like, like my mother-in-law has A 5 29 set up for the kids. And That was something she did. I'm happy she did It. And. She put some in It And. we put some in It too. I could try to be like Oh, no, I wanna do this state's 5 29 and I wanna change it. but I'm like this is something nice. She's doing And.


She did It for the state of Florida. 'cause that's the state you're in And. That's fine. I'm just grateful for it. And. It's still some money That I wouldn't have had before. So I'm like okay great and I and I'm not gonna touch it 'cause If I think That. It's gonna stir up A Hornet's nest. Which in this case for me it probably wouldn't. but it you sense That, ET all or it seriously, it sounds like your husband maybe does. I'd be like, okay great. Thank you for the thank you And just probably move on. So most more so the first like out of sight, out of mind, like pretend it's not even A thing. I mean that's me. I don't know George, would you be different? It's not, it's not hurting you. Right. Now obviously there's, you feel like there's A better use of this money, correct?


And, your husband is going, Hey they're just doing A generous thing. We're not having to pay for this. They're not taking debt out in our name. They're, this is just one way they want to give to the kids. They are free to do That And. So I I don't think this is on fire. If, this If, you never see this money. You're going to be okay. So whether they put it here, I mean you could talk to your husband, And say, Hey What If, they put That 65 in A investment account, That one day. We then Get to use as an inheritance to pay the taxes, whatever. or there better ways to go about this from A wealth strategy perspective. Yes, yes. It's hard to tell people how to give To you, especially with this relationship where it's like, it's in your husband's name. And. It's A thing. His parents did Yeah, And. Now you're trying to Get in the middle of it.


I feel like there's more harm than good. Well I Think, the only reason it crossed my mind is because of in the way it was given you guys can do What you want with this, you know. So I was like, well do We want to do What? We want with they Are they the type of people to Get upset? If, you did cash it out. I. Don't think so. I. Think That. They may not agree, but it don't think That. They're gonna be upset. You know, listen, I would not wanna be the one. It'd be different. If. You're Yeah. Listen, there's A lady in the audience. Right. Now she's going, don't do it. Don't it. Don't Do with D In-Law, over 65 bucks A month. That, you're not paying. It would be one thing. If If. Your husband was like, dude, I was just looking ET this whole life policy, our par my parents have on me. Like this is whack. I'm gonna go tell him, you know, dah, dah, dah, dah And. Then you could be like, yes honey, you go do That. but the fact That, even he is like M I.


Don't wanna come across. Ungrateful That for me, tells an underlying dynamic That even maybe you don't fully know, is There Yeah, which is Yeah. Don't touch It I Get it though. Yeah And. Thanksgiving dinner's coming up. We don't want That to be clear. Yes ma'am. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. It's like, don't mess with the whole life policy. Don't mess with the metro s up. But it amm proud of you guys for getting term life in place. And, having A much better policy in place. There, I'm I. Think That was the move to do And. If. You were in A. Different situation. I'd say, Hey Get term life And. Then go ahead And, cancel the whole life. Pay this another charge. And cash it out. All Right. Well, I'll stop stressing about this. Thanks guys. But Yeah I think it's, it's not worth your peace of mind over long as 65 bucks A month. That. You're not paying as long as they Have the Right insurance in place for them.


This is just something That, someone did And, Especially ET, their level of wealth Yeah, their in-laws are clearly aren't broke. They're not spending money. They don't have to fund this thing. Sure Sure. It's like my in-laws buying me A biscuit, even though I'm gluten free and I go, Hey, thanks for the biscuit. I actually don't eat gluten and I go, no, we wanna buy you A biscuit. And. Then when you're not looking, they're not looking, you kind of put it, you give it to the Dog, it to the feed it to the dogs. My little french bulldog is very overweight. She doesn't need That, Oh, Yeah That trying to slum her down. Sorry. That's A. Good message though. For all of you out There who don't have term life in place, let this be your wake up Call. You need it 10 to 12 times your annual income on the policy And. You can Get A 15 year term, 20 year term, 25 year term.


Here's why you don't need insurance for your whole life. Once you follow the Ramsey plan for 15 or 20 years, you are going to be what's call self-insured. you have A paid for home, you have sizable nest egg. That will cover your family in case something happened to you to replace your income. Not to Mention you don't need an insurance policy that's going to quote invest for you. You can do your own investing. Yes. Combining investing, And insurance is A terrible, terrible idea with terrible returns. And, all it does is line the pockets of these whole life insurance salesmen. True That, they pose as wealth strategists 'cause they go, well this is actually an investment strategy. The wealthy they use don't buy It. True. So If, you wanna Get term life in place, the only one we've ever recommend, ET RAMSEY, go to xandr.com.


Our friends There would take care of you. They've taken care of my family for years. Family. Yep, that's What. I used Jay's family What. You can also go Call 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 to Get That plan in place. And man, the peace of mind is worth it. The policy is A fraction of the cost of whole life. And, you'll sleep better for it. This is the Ramsey


Show. Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest And most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan. If. you have one And. Replace it with A term life policy. Listen, the only thing A cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance And then paying you A crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money. And, really focus on getting out of debt. And growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted And used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can Apply online or over the phone And. They even have low cost plans. That don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or Call 803 5 6 42 82. Even If, you don't have A cash value policy. If, you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough. It's even more important to Get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com.


Hey good folks. Dr, John, Delony here. Don't you think life is too short to hate Mondays? Listen, you're worth loving the work you do, And, where you do it. So guess What. Ramsey Solutions is hiring If. You're ready to join an amazing team that's all about changing lives. And, spreading hope. We wanna see your application Right. Now we're hiring for technology, sales, marketing, writing, copy editing, And creative roles. Checked out all our job postings. ET Ramsey Solutions dot com slash careers. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash careers. Welcome. Back to the Ramsey Show. I'm m George Kamel, joined by Jade Warsaw. It's A free Call ET triple eight eight two five five two two five. And. Some say the advice is worth What.


You paid for it. And If. You ever wonder What George and I talk about in between segments. This last time we talked about A T-shirt idea with George's face on It. We Have some visitors out here in the lobby. And, she said I was, I was hoping I would find A T-shirt with your face on it and I went. You are the only person who would ever buy That. So it would not be worth making. You'd do better off getting the Walmart like iron on And. Just doing It yourself. Oh. Yikes. you have gotta put the two Frenchies on either side. And, then it's And, Then it's still not valuable to anyone. but hey, whatever floats your boat. I'm, it's, I'm honored. Charlotte is in Nashville, Tennessee. up next, just down the road. What's going on Charlotte? Hi. How can we help Having me I have A?


Quick couple, quick question is for you. I had some medical debt from being in the hospital. ET, A Hospital. That was out of state. A couple states away. M it turns out I. I. I was out of town for something. And got sick. And had to go in the hospital. They kept me in ICU U for two weeks. I became an astronomical bill. Oh, my goodness, And to make Yeah. I had A A. Very strange, rare type of pneumonia. And sepsis. So are you Okay now? If, you I am okay on the top of the fact That, I'm still fighting with cancer. Yes, I'm Oh. Goodness, surviving I. I'm so sorry. I have A. A wonderful God who looks out for me M but my question, my concern is this.


Okay, so this Bill obviously was very large. They did work with us some to take it down, but it's still A $30,000. Bill I haven't worked since my cancer, since my cancer diagnosis. I've not been able to work. So We have only my husband's income. It's not A large amount of money, but we make It. Okay? Thank God we don't have A. Lot of debt other than our house. Okay? This is the problem they want. This is A, non-for-Profit Hospital. but they want their full 30,000. I said I can make payment arrangements. My payment arrangement was not acceptable to them. They wanted 800 A month. I said I can't do That. So to make A, long story short, I went ahead. And paid the money on the account through their automated system the following month.


You call them back to see can we do some type of payment arrangement that's affordable for us. That, I, That, I can commit to And. Do they still? Then they dropped it down to 600. I'm like, I still can't do 600. I'm thinking maybe 300 A month. They weren't willing to do That. They said That wasn't enough for them to mess with And. So That was probably gonna go to collections. Yeah, I went ahead. And paid some money through the automated system. Again, And. Then A few days ago, I contacted them saying, Hey, you know, we gotta do something here. Can I, basically my husband and I discussed this And, we are willing to pay them 10,000 of the 30 If. They'll consider the bill paid in full. The sad point is we have to take this out of his retirement fund because there's no other way we can do this.


They have, in the meantime, sent this to A collection agency. Okay? and I said, I don't wanna deal with the collection agency. I didn't run my debt with them. I ran It with you people. I'm willing to pay you. I just can't pay you the 600 A month you want. Well The good news is There is some good news here. If. It's with collections. you have A better chance of settling It Because they bought this for pennies on the dollar M from the hospital. The Hospital's already free. And clear from this. They've already written It off the Hospital, said we'll take some money over not getting paid. So we'll sell It to collections. Okay, so I, they'll deal with It, Spoke with the hospital A couple of days ago to offer them. Can we do 10,000 And? Consider this paid in full And, the collection agency out of the picture And.


So they're sending it back to their review board to decide If If, they'll accept this. In the meantime, I'm getting text messages, And letters from this collection agency. So I'm ET A point where I don't know What to do. I'm willing to pay this hospital 10,000 And, Call, It, A deal, Yeah, It. I would think my 10,000 is probably more than the collection agency gave them. It. It might be, it might be. Here's the thing, If, this just happened. There might still be some confusion over who's holding the debt. That's that's very possible. but it, it's in collections. Collections owns the debt. Now, I will say, when you're settling something, you could talk to A, lot of bozos before you talk to the person who's gonna actually help you with this. So this is kind of, as much as I, hate to say this, this is gonna be your full-time job for the next couple of weeks until this gets settled.


And, they might not take 10, they might say it's gotta be, you know, half or whatever, whatever deal That, you can strike And. You're gonna have to beat them over the head with this. And say, this is the only thing I have. This is my, this is my financial situation. This is my health situation. If, you want A dime from me? This is all you're getting. and I could care less I. You can Call me A million times. You can email my phone. Do not rob your retirement for this. No, Please. Okay, I'm don't take A dime outta retirement. Don't take A dime outta retirement. you have no For this way else to pay them. That's okay. but we have no way else. Listen, that's part of it too. Money. but That's okay. We're not gonna rob then they're Gonna Our future over This. Then they're gonna go try to gar money. They and I come after your retirement accounts And I Get the money.


No, no, no, no. I'm saying he's still working. He's not retired yet. This is an in his investment fund for his retirement later in next year when he retired. but What I'm saying is If. We don't give them some money. Then they're gonna take this to court to Get A, garnishment of his wage. And, we can't afford with my health And things going on. We can't afford for his income to be any of less than it is. So If, they Get A garnishment. We're really screwed. So this is why we thought offering them 10 grand is the best we can do because we're not gonna take all of his retirement. But it you have That in writing. That, Hey We, offer them 10 grand to settle And. They wouldn't take it And. They want to continue on And, Sue And go through all the paperwork. And legality, And spending all the money with lawyers.


I mean I would cross That Bridge. When And If, We Get There And. The chances of getting There is so slim on something like this. This is, this happens every day. Literally every day. And the, the purpose of them selling It off to the credit, the the, the debt, the debt collection agency is 'cause they've gone, okay, we're just writing, we're charging this off, we're writing this off. We've wash our hands of It And. They've already, you know, accepted A. Smaller amount. So the debt collection company, If, they, you know, If, they can clear A little bit more than they were already paid for it then. Great. So here's What I want you to do Charlotte. Here's your homework document. Every single time you reach out, record the Call. Do screenshot the emails and I want you to Call them more than they Call.


You. I want them to be tired of you calling Yeah Oh. My gosh, Charlotte again screen her calls. She's so, she keeps calling, trying to settle the debt. I want you to be the squeaky wheel to Get the grease And by That I mean this thing is paid in full. So don't give them access to your checking account. And make Sure That you have in writing every time you contact them. And Get everything in writing from them when they say, Hey, we're willing to settle for paid in full on this debt. Make Sure you Get That in writing. 'cause these people are, it can Be smart. and I asked for That. And the And. This is the gentleman on the, who's the coordinator for their financial hardships stuff, whatever. I'm speaking with ET, the hospital. I told him I would, I would want this in writing before we give you A time.


Well, we don't normally put That in writing, but it can give you something from my email. No, He's, It takes you five minutes to gimme 11 I be I bet your bill is in writing, isn't it? That, $30,000 you owe. Yes, Sure is, did you Get an itemized bill from Them? ET this point. I did. Did you look through It? And Go. Yep. I, that's Right, that's Right, that's Right. Oh Yeah. It was 14 days in I. CU There wasn't anything they didn't cover in There. So And You tried to appeal with your insurance is There any coverage through your insurance, That would help pay this. We Don't have insurance. My husband lost our insurance when the whole Covid thing happened. And, now our insurance That, they want through his job he has now is 1400 A month.


We don't, we can't do That. I'm not working. We can't do It. How are Covering your we? How are you covering your cancer treatments? Everything we've done so far, he has had to pull from his retirement. Oh, My Charlotte There. There's not gonna be anything in That retirement account when you guys guys There It, And. Now we're ET A point. We know this. It's like What do. We do now We have, how are we I? Don't have anything more left. I'm not even doing any treatments. Right now We can't do anything M because we don't have any more money to give anybody without having anything to live on. So this is I mean. I'm ET A point now where I don't even know What to do with this. Have You not looked into the marketplace Health insurance? I mean with you, with your income in Tennessee through A c A, you should be able to Get A.


Very affordable plan. If not free. We did look into That, And, What. They explained to us, was it What going be like 300 And something A month for the basic coverage. What she told us was for What. I need, like for my cancer treatments, And, my heart issues And, my COPD And everything I deal with. but it wouldn't cover any of That. So we're like What What. Is That gonna do with any good? Then I I can pay A hundred dollars to walk in my doctor's office myself. Well, We need to find out all of the programs available to us. And, take advantage of them. Jump on A Ramsey Solutions dot com. Click on trusted services. And Health Financial can help you navigate What. The best option is for you.


I'm so sorry you're going through this I. Hope this medical debt is behind you. I, hope they throw It out. And go. She's, she's got cancer, she's broke. guys, let's just Call It. A Day And Get rid of this debt And, stop going after her. This is SC behavior. This is the Ramsey Show


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts, And. You'll Get 10 different answers. Economic growth or A recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. but there's no such thing as A crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite And. You should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges. And seize your biggest opportunities with one unified business management suite. There's only one source of truth. For the visibility And control, you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights, And forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And. When you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward. And more time focusing on what's next. And. Speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to ai And machine learning ET NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. It's free ET NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Folks, changing your family tree takes more than rice, And beans, And side hustles. It's also about transferring the big financial risks off your family by having the Right kinds of coverage in place. That's why my team created the coverage checkup quiz. It only takes about five minutes to find out What types of insurance you need. And don't need to protect your finances. Make this quiz one of your regular checkups. Starting Right now. ET Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup.


This is the Ramsey Show. I'm m George Campbell. Joined by Jade Warshaw. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five.


We just launched A brand new tour. This is A live event with Dave Ramsey. And Dr John Delony. They're hitting the road, coming to A City near you on the money And relationships Tour And. There's A new twist on this. You shaped the conversation each night to choose your own adventure. You select the topics That matter most to you. Whether it's budgeting, relationship dynamics, achieving your financial goals. Your voice drives the night. So Louisville, they're coming to you. April 21st, 2025, Durham, April 23rd, Atlanta, April 25th, Phoenix, May 5th, Fort Worth, Texas on May 7th, And. Finally, Kansas City on May 9th. So join Dave And, Dr John live And in person. You're gonna laugh, you're gonna learn. You might even just change your life. So Get, your tickets for this tour. ET Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. TOUR. And. If. You're tuning in on YouTuber podcast. There's A link in the Show notes.


There you go. That'll be A. Good time. Sad I. Want I. Kind of want to go travel to see one of these events. You know, Yeah sad. We won't see It here in our hometown. Oh. That's true. I'll have to Get. Might have to Get tickets, not A. Bad idea. Little road trip. All Right. Josh is in Seattle, Washington. What's going on? Josh Hello. Good afternoon, George And. Jake, can you hear me okay? Yeah Yeah. long time listener. First time caller. So A little nervous, but we Got you in Safe hands. My main question here is how do I know If? I'm on the Right career path. And. If. I am not on the Right career path. How do I find something? That I know I can do long term And for contacts. I'm 24.


I'm active duty military I. Work in the medical field. I work full-time and I also go to school full-time on the side, it's online. and I have had the ultimate goal of Apply to either med school or PA school. but Right now going to school part-time. My grades aren't due so hot. So I am starting to just, you know, have some doubts. And wondering, If, I'm in the Right path. Right. Now Why are your grades down? Is it you're too scattered or you're not, you know, capable of handling the material? What, is it? No I don't I. Definitely don't think it's That. I. Think it's, there's the full-time job and I've had A few life things come ET me.


Some sickness in the family. And some death reason. Death, the family, And M it's just been consecutive, consecutive events like That come And, the greats aren't doing so well now. So, okay, I'm not too Sure. If. I should stick with it or I don't. and I'm not Sure either. If, this is my ultimate dream. So I'm just having some doubts. I'm just looking for some advisor guiding. Well, I wouldn't let the I mean. You've, you've had some life, some tough life stuff happen to you. And That would be distracting. I think for anybody. So I wouldn't want That to be the thing. That. That takes me off course. This is A S If, that's the case. It's A season. And. You'll come out of it And, you'll be able to refocus in A later season. but as to whether or not this is ultimately What, you want to do I mean A?


Lot of times I kind of like to just take A moment, And clear my head. And, just think, okay, in 10 years from now, What do I. Where do I see myself? What do I see myself doing? How do I feel? What What, what's going on around me is There, you know, or there children around is There, A. Different scenery around And really Get an idea of where do you see yourself? And. If. You look up And say, okay, 10 years from now, do I see myself working in A hospital environment? Do I see myself in A? Private practice is There. No. Do I not wanna be in the medical field. ET all And. So If, If, you did That just for the moment. What, do you see? I'd say for the moment, I, I'm really pretty much in limbo.


I've always had That. The notion I didn't, we didn't go up. Rich and I always had That notion of just finding A career with some stability, with good pay, good job security. and I never really thought past That and I had A. Lot of my family members in the medical field, And, the medical field has given me That stability. but I am kind of in limbo. Right now. And still, still don't know. So You've been looking ET it. We never, We never got deeper than just I want A stable job. Yeah with good benefits. Like that's no way to ever filter this by Exactly. Right. Yeah always Your parents needed That because It was A. Different time Right, the generations That came before us. It was survival. And. Now we're in A position where we can thrive. Even in the world today where everyone's going, you can't do whatever you can And.


we have some great resources from our friend Ken Coleman That. We're gonna send you namely his new book, find the work you're wired to do. It comes with A Get. Clear career assessment, And, here's What you're looking for, here's, I'm gonna give you the spark notes. You're looking for your top talents. This is What. You do best. Clearly you're good. ET, What, you do, otherwise you wouldn't be doing this. Right, military medical Yeah. We kind of know the things we're good. ET the skills. Then there's your top passions. This is What you enjoy doing. So this is not What. You're good ET. This is the stuff you love to do. How you perform your passion, And. Then there's mission, the results you wanna produce, the impact you want to have And. So once you can dial all those in you Get kind of this purpose statement. When you take the Get clear career assessment, That will then help you go, yep, I'm going to med school.


I want to be A nurse practitioner. I want to be A, md. Whatever That is, it'll Get you. A lot closer to figuring That out And. Then it becomes, okay, how are we gonna do this debt free? How far into this are you? have you started? Are you pre-Med? Where, where are you in your schooling? Right now. Yeah. I am A Senior I. I'm going to school for laboratory science. And. I'm A Senior Right. Now it's again, it's all online. And, like I've been doing A, lot of my pre-reqs. And the pre-reqs to Get into those just I just had not been having good grades from I, had A recent family death And. Now I ended up with A C in this prerequisite And with the prerequisite it I am starting to worry That I might not have like A good enough prerequisite grade to Get into to Get into like A grad school.


but yes, I am in my senior year, I'm pretty close to finishing Degree. Were were you doing good before the life stuff happened? Like were your grades good before That? I'd say I've only been going to school consistently for the last two years because the two years before That, the first two years of college, basically I got all That, all the credits covered through the military. I'm, I'm not gonna Lie, I would say The last you you sound, there's A lot of doubt in your voice. You sound like you're not sold on your own dream. And. It should be the opposite. You should be convincing me why this is it. Okay, it sounds like you're trying to talk yourself out of it. and I can't give you That permission. I will not sleep well. ET night knowing I told Josh, this doesn't sound like it's it you Bud I think I think I'm trying to talk myself into it.


Yeah, that's What. I'm saying And. It's like, but it Yeah It should feel the opposite. It should feel like I Yeah like no one. How, how do I make it to where nothing stops me from doing this? Right and I don't hear That. So I think George is Right getting connected with Ken's career as assessment's gonna help you. 'cause it sounds like there's probably something in That skillset, That you wanna do, but just not in That specific format. So that's gonna, that's gonna be the key here for you. And. It may not be I. Wanna be an md. There's A, lot of paths. Yeah, I've got A, lot of family members. That are in the medical field. Pretty much all of them. I'm the black sheep And. So my brother's A nurse practitioner, my cousin just became A The. So there's A, there's A. Lot of paths you can take. That have different levels of schooling. And cost. Can you tell me If, the military will continue to cover your schooling.


So Right. Now that's another issue too. Like Right. Now they only pay for half of my credits per year. So I've been paying out of pocket for the rest of it. but once I'm out of the military, yes they do cover school because I have the GI bill. When are you got into med school? It's A hundred percent covered. I'm Out next year. Okay. Yes sir. That's Right. Wow. Wow. That's A blessing for As long as it's A, A, A Public university. Sure. Okay, Yeah. This is interesting. This has got layers to it. Yeah, Yeah, I would definitely, I would keep running this down. M it sounds like the, the fact That you're stirring about this tells me That there's something here. and I again, like Jade said, I wouldn't let this phase of life That you're in sway you because you have got A C on A, pre-req.


Okay, You don't need, you're not trying to go to, you know, Harvard for your, for med school here. No, no. and I'm not no nothing like That and I I. Don't look ET the the frame on my doctor's office. I just go, well If, he was good enough to Get hired ET, this hospital I. Guess he's good enough for me. And, Maybe try to, you know, What you're talking about whether it's being A pa or A medical The or maybe you're A lab technician, If, you're going in for lab signs. I don't know. but maybe try to spend some time in those environments for real And. See Yeah What makes you feel What is it To who are doing It. You Talk to 'em about the good, the bad, the ugly in every single one of these career paths. 'cause you know A, lot of people, they Get into it. And, they leave the field 'cause It wasn't What.


They thought it would be Yeah or they got burnt out because they weren't prepared for What was ahead And. So I think having A full picture, And doing your homework is going to give you the clarity you need. And, Ken's book Will Get. You started on That path. I Probably I probably go in There. George And really make A pros And cons list of each thing because okay, There is part of this That. I wouldn't want fear to be the driver, I'm afraid I won't past the prerequisites, I'm afraid I Won't. Yeah I, I've, I've always had some, I've had people tell me like it, it could be just the season of going to school. And working fulltime like If. I was Yeah. If I was going to school. Full-time it would be better. but Yeah, you've got A lot going on on. You're tired, but it, I'm just kind of in limbo. Yeah, Yeah man. I am pretty tired. I'm starting to Get burned out. I take A. Good nap And then read Ken's book. We're gonna send it to you.


So hang on the line. And Thank you so much for your service to our country. This is the Ramsey, Show,


Hi guys, Rachel Cruz here. You know, some people think budgeting means they can't have any fun with money. and I know this because That was me. but the truth is budgeting doesn't limit your freedom. It actually gives you freedom. A budget is simply telling your money where to go. And. The best way to do this is with EveryDollar, my favorite budgeting app. It'll help you create A plan for your money. That fits your lifestyle. So whether it's A spontaneous Date night or an epic Disney cruise budget for some fun download EveryDollar for free today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade Warshaw. If you didn't know, we've got a Ramsey Network app that's free in the app store and if you choose to download it, there's a place to ask your questions. And so from time to time we answer one of those questions. This one comes from Hailey. She says, my boyfriend and I have been dating for almost five years. We have had a joint bank account and shared all expenses since we started living together at age 18. Oof, should I be concerned that he has not proposed? Yes. And if so, how should I move forward considering we financially share everything? Hmm. That's funny. Y if I could turn back time. Yes. Yes.


You should be concerned. I feel like we just had this conversation last week. We did. 'cause you made the cow reference. I did. I said if you can get the milk for free, why buy the cow? Which is a very old lady saying, but still very true. The hard part is he's not motivated to change course. He's playing house. Yeah, he's already playing the game. And so, I mean, in his mind he's probably like, what's to gain? Like you're already combining our money. We've been going along this this long. So it's gonna be hard to make that kind of make that case. But here's the thing. If you say to him, we've been together five years, our finances are combined, let's get married.


Like let's make this thing legal. Let's protect both of ourselves. If we say that we're really committed, let's prove it. If he's like, no, I don't want to, to the left to the Left, it's time to go everything you own. And if I'm and I, if I'm in your shoes, I'm going to decouple everything financially. Yeah. Until the day we are actually married. 'cause number one, there's a piece of this that you already feel of this. Like this doesn't feel right. It feels weird that we're just like roommates sharing all of these expenses with joint bank accounts. It's funny 'cause there's married couples that don't feel comfortable combining their financial life and then everyone playing house is like, let's just combine everything. Yeah, it'll be better. I'm like, all y'all are doing it wrong. But Even if she decouples it and he is like, I, I don't wanna get married, then I'm like, what are we doing?


What are we doing? I still Would have very deep ques. Now don't get me wrong, every, I guess everybody doesn't wanna get married, but I would still have deep questions as to why you don't wanna solidify the covenant that we've kind of said for five years. Yeah, we wanna do this. Well, And aside from that, there's financial protections that you have when you're married and right now you're putting yourself at risk by combining everything. Yeah. With basically a buddy. I'm hoping they're renting and didn't buy a house together. Oh, Yikes. You know, so, Wow. Sorry Hailey. Not the answer you wanted to hear, but it's the one you needed to hear. That's right. Alright, let's get to the phones. Paul is in Syracuse, New York. Up next. What's going on Paul? Hi, can you hear me?


Yes. Oh man. Super excited. thank you so much for answering my call. Absolutely. I'm, I'm, I'm actually a new fan starting this month. My, my cousin introduced me to the show. So I love you Nancy and Mark Oh. but That, shout out we're honor to have you on board. I love A. Good. Shout out. Thank You. Thank you. thank you. So getting into it all, basically I woke up about A month ago. And, now I'm ready to start kicking debt's. but it, so we have 300 And, 15,000 in debt. And it, it's between two homes. A home equity loan, A four Oh one K loan And more about A hundred And 10 of That doesn't include the mortgages.


Okay. And, we have A household income of A. Hundred 92,000 A year. Awesome. So Yeah, it's great. And And, you're probably thinking well, well how am I in That spot with debt? And And. What It came down to is A lack of accountability gambling. And and I just wasn't budgeting M Okay, so as of three weeks ago now I have A budgeting app. I use It every single day. And And, just from the two weeks of watching the Show And listening, I was able to answer A. Lot of my question is, but it cut out unnecessary expenses. I stopped contributing to my four Oh. One K I had 10% contribution. Now it's zero. Great If I can Get That extra money for my debt. Good.


Liquidated the, the stocks and I have A A cd That of insures in December and I'm gonna put That to debt. Great, great. So I'm, I'm feeling good, I'm motivated. but Question is, can you tell us more about the houses? Just so we know What. That means is one of them being rented. Yeah of course. Yeah. Yep. So the, the first house I have 90,000 on the mortgage. Valued ET two 50. Okay. And, it's being rented out. And, I'm making about $600 of profit on That And. Then I use the HELOC to buy the the second house and I got A mortgage of A hundred 20.


Okay, on That. So And, That, And, that's where we're currently living. And What's That one worth? And. So That one's worth about A hundred. And 70. Okay, you have 50,000 in equity. There. So, Yep. And And. So where my question lies is I'm using the, the debt snowball method And, the home equity loan I have is is got 63,000 with A variable rate of 5.5% And, the payments are, are, are killer. So it's like $356 for A payment. And And. Over 75% of my payments go straight to interest. Wow. Most recent was like 60 bucks went to principal. So it barely moves.


That and I have A four Oh one K loan of 20,000 with A fixed rate of 8.5% comes Right outta my paycheck. And the interest gets paid back to myself. Okay, And. So my question is If I go after the four Oh one loan first should I take another four Oh one K loan out? No. To just go after the home equity loan? No. You haven't learned your lesson. No, you do. Do not borrow against your retirement And. Do not take out four Oh one K loans because If, something goes south. And you were to lose your job.


You're on the hook to pay this off within the last, the next 12 months. Or it gets worse, And worse On top of unplugging all of the growth And. So the the key here is Paul, the principle is we never use debt to pay off other debt And. So the key is to change our habits, use our future income, use our savings. That's exactly What you're doing. So you're on the Right path. The only caveat is no more debt, no more borrowing money. If. You just say that's off the table. What am I gonna do instead. Well you're gonna attack That HELOC with A vengeance 'cause you're angry. ET this thing, you're angry seeing it all go to interest. You're angry ET the interest rate. You're angry ET your own choices. And, that's What actually causes people to Get outta debt is That fire.


It's not finding another loophole, another shortcut to use one debt to pay off the other. Paying, playing A shell game. So just to clarify, the first property, That, you said you had That, you owed 90,000 on That was the one you took out the HELOC on, correct? Yes. Okay. So you said it's worth two 50. So If, you were to sell it That HELOC would go with the property. Right And, you'd still net What. Do you think you'd net ET the end of it? If I was to sell That property. You said you owe 90 Plus the 60, 60 Plus fees. Probably talking 80, maybe 75 Yeah Yeah after, after closing costs And everything, Which is not bad.


There's part of me, That I would simplify this very quickly and I the $600 A month fine, whatever. It's, it's You could make That with A side hustle. Exactly. It's not worth What. You're experiencing Right now. And. So If I were you I'd sell That. I'd Get rid of the house. I'd Get rid of the HELOC Right around along with It And. I'd have $75,000 to say, okay, What, do I want to do here? Do I want to? What's your next smallest debt? Is It the four Oh one K loan? I'm thinking Yes. The the next smallest debt is, so my credit cards is, is three grand Perfect. My truck payment is 11. Okay. So you'd knock both of those out with the extra 75 plus the four Oh one K loan.


So how far would That Get you? What would be left If, you did all of this plus all the stuff you said you're already doing. It Should Get you every, everything cleared but 35,000 of debt based off of What. I. Feel like the numbers you gave me were, Because you said you have got the cd, you're liquidating the stocks, you've paused the four Oh one K. Let's say you sell the house, use the 75 to pay off debt. Would That knock It all out? It would, It would be pretty Yeah. It'd be pretty Close. You had, you had one 10. You take 75 out because of the home sale. That leaves you with 35 And. Then you've got whatever savings you have laying around That, you clear down to A thousand to knock out the rest. Paul, you, you're about to leapfrog into debt freedom, And release, so much stress that's been building up And.


You've got A, you're on some thin ice here with all the this rental thing going on. All these loans we've been taking out I think we're done paying interest And, we're about to start earning it. My friend Yeah And, we'll Get back into real estate investing later on. but Right now we're building A Foundation. Yeah. Good. I'm proud of you man. Good. Hey, for all of you listening on the Show to the Show on YouTuber podcast, it's about to end. So go join us on the Ramsey Network app. To finish the Show completely free, go to your app store, download the Ramsey Network app And. We'll see you over There. You don't wanna miss what's coming up next. You can also click the link in the Show notes to go watch the rest of the Show in the app for free as well. Thanks for listening.


Hey, you're still here. What, are you doing? You do know That. The rest of today's Show is playing Right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the Show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me Right for free. Then Right There on the home screen. You can watch the rest of today's Show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.