
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, George Campbell Ramsey personality number one bestselling author of the book, breaking free from Broke and host of the George Kamel Show. He's my cohost here. Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. Brittany's in Knoxville. Hi Brittany, how are you? Hi, Dave. I'm good. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up in your world? Oh man, I'm just kind of in a tough spot.


I've been married for two years. I've taken a few of your courses and I've paid off around $30,000 of debt. And I still owe around 40,000 more, but when my husband And I first got married, we always have the intention on combining our income and all of our finances. But he seems to just always have an excuse. I've noticed recently that I And I, hate to even say this about him, but I I feel like he's maybe taking Adderall and taking more than he should. And I noticed him maybe having a few beers in the afternoon, which is out of character for him.


So I'm just starting to worry if maybe those are the reasons he's not wanting to combine our finances or what I should do. Or You think he's worried because you'll find out he's spending way too much money on alcohol? Yes. And I, I'm just, I'm kind of overwhelmed right now, I guess. 'cause I'm, I'm working two jobs. I watch our two, two sons from home full time and anytime we have any childcare, I'm, I'm paying for that. Our mortgage is in his name only and I'm paying about 80% of that mortgage every month. So it's just, I'm I getting married. You the House, house after you Got, did you buy the home after you got married?


No, the home was his before we got married. Is your name on the deed? Oh No. This is very scary. They've offered to, yeah, they, they've offered to put the name in my, in my house, my name in the, on The house. It's not necessary in Tennessee. If you're married, you now have marital rights to the house. It's your, it's your marital residence. So And I in some states you need your name on the date. In some states you don't, you don't have to. That's not what's concerning here. What's concerning here is just the disconnect in your marriage. Your marriage is a mess, kiddo. It, it is. And you know, I, I'm not even worried about the house being, if I leave financially, I'm fine. I make really good money. What Do you make? I just I don about 130,000 a year.


What's he make? He makes around 80 a year. And he has no debt, no car payment, no student loans. I mean, really responsible guy up until the last year or so, it's just I don I. don, what changed in the last year? What do you think caused this new behavior? I'm not sure. I mean, we, we had two sons. He loves being a dad. He's very active, a great dad. But I just, I don't know. I I almost feel like it's the Adderall And I feel like he thinks that he has it under control and that he doesn't have a problem. But I, I don't know if it's that or not, but I do know this. If you sit down and attack him on that basis, you're probably not gonna get anywhere.


If I were your shoes, I would just say, look, our marriage is not going well. I'm not okay with the way this is going. I'm not okay with, I'm the only one taking care of the mortgage. I'm the only one taking care of the kids. You have a, you come up with an excuse on combining finances, your behavior with alcohol and with Adderall. I, I'm just not okay. Right now. And you know, we're not gonna, we're we're not doing well and So, we need to see a marriage counselor. And if you won't go, I'm going without you and you need to schedule a marriage counseling session, call your church. Okay. And ask them who, who a great Christian counselor in the area is and sit down.


Hopefully you can get him to go. Yeah. And then you, the counselor can pull out. But I I don I think the Adderall or the, or the alcohol, either one is, is not the problem. It's a symptom. Yeah. There's other stuff going on here that y'all need to get to the bottom of and it's really all relational. Yeah. I'm just worried. I feel like he thinks that everything's fine because I'm Not. Well, you're about, you're about to turn the lights on as Delony says. Yeah. You know, you're gonna walk in the room, turn all the lights on and go, Nope, nope, everything's not fine. I'm fine. Person thinks it's not fine. I'm not fine. You're not fine. This is not fine. I'm not. Okay.


Yeah. We are going to work on this. Yeah. And you don't have to be mean or loud or angry, but you do need to be forceful. Yeah. And don't turn this into, you've gotta stop drinking and taking Adderall. Yeah. Because that's not the, that's not the issue. Okay. If you go there, it's not gonna, it is not gonna work. So, 'cause I'm not sure what he's doing there, but you guys need to get to the bottom of it. I'm not, you need to have a relationship that is so intimate with your husband and the quality of communication and such a level of unity that you have no concerns about him being an addict. And you just call two guys you don't even know and ask us if he's an addict.


Yeah. That's how, that's how bad this is. So yeah, that's how bad your relationship is. So you've got to get to work on this. It's a major marriage meltdown is what it is, and you guys are functioning and so it makes you act like everything's okay, but it's not just 'cause you're getting through the day and nobody's, you know, nobody's throwing a brick through a window or nobody got hurt, that doesn't mean you're functioning okay. Because Where they're going, the, you know, the trajectory of where they're going is not, this Is not gonna end well. It's gonna end in ashes. So, we Need to reassess. It's not on fire, but you know, for her it's, Oh, it's, it's getting real close.


It's getting real close. Yeah. Yeah. When you reach the, when you reach a point of disconnection with your spouse to the point that you see them having two beers and that makes you go to the leap of they're an addict, well then this means there's a whole bunch of other stuff going on that that's, that's a pretty far leap. So usually More of that came from as you start to turn over that rock. Yeah, exactly. Goes a lot deeper. Exactly. Julianne's with us in Virginia Beach. Hi Julianne. how are you? Good. how are you? Better than I deserve. How can we help? I'm just feeling the stress of I'm not working. I'm home with my baby right now, And, I'm just feeling the stress of adjusting to that and then not sure if we should adjust to it more or pay off the student loans that we have left.


How much student loans do you have Combined with me and my husband, we have 24. And What's in your savings account? How much liquid cash do you have? About 115. But that would be off. Well that's plenty. Well why don't you pay it off today? What is the deal? You won't even notice. It feels like The difference between 90 sitting in your checking account and 115 is nothing. I just feel like since I quit my job, everything 90, What do you need a year and a half of expenses For? I feel like I'm, Is your husband's job stable? Yes. Okay, well let's Pay it off.


Can you live on his income? Y Yes. Well Then pay off the student loans. Girl, I just feel like I'm becoming an more anxious about money than when I was working and making him more stressed than we have to be because of it. Yeah, well you could be, you could be becoming more anxious or you could be like waking up and going, this is stupid. We need to change it. It's Burning enough brain calories that's different than you called us anxious. So I Panic that's becoming convinced. Convinced is different than anxious. Anxious. So yeah. I'll Write a check. Good lord. Today This is The Ramsey Show.


Don't rely on politicians or the healthcare system to do what you can do for yourself. We teach personal responsibility on The Ramsey Show. And that's why I'm excited to tell you how you can take your family's health into your own hands. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company, I got mine. And I can tell you this is not some rinky-dink first aid kit with band-aids. It comes with real prescriptions prepared by leading doctors to treat over 30 common illnesses. This kit can treat infections like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and bronchitis because you have the prescriptions on hand, like a z-pack, amoxicillin or ivermectin. And if you start your meds faster, you get well faster. The kit gives you peace of mind. No doctor visits, no pharmacy lines, no copays. Wellness company medical emergency kits help put you in control of your family's health. So go to urgent care kit.com/ramsey, answer a few online questions and get your kit rushed to your door. Use the promo code Ramsey for a 15% discount at checkout. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey promo code ramsey


George Kamel Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. The gap between financial stress and financial peace is littered with traps, lies, distractions, and slick marketing designed to keep you brainwashed and in debt. George Campbell's new book, breaking free from broke Number one bestseller exposes the most common money, lies and excuses. Head on like credit card schemes, investing traps, mortgage mythology. It's all the stuff they wish you wish they'd taught you back in high school. You get the knowledge and the confidence to break free from the system that let you down.


Don't wait to grab a copy. It's on sale during August. We're having a big sale here in August for 1999. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or on a podcast. Rebecca's in Springfield, Michigan. Hi Rebecca, welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hello there Mr. It's Springfield, Missouri. Oh, I'm sorry. And that's okay. They're both in my state. I talked to your gentleman earlier. And I, hear you talk a lot about negative against credit cards. And I have a situation where my husband, And I are retired and on Social security.


So once a month we get our nice little check. I put our checks in a interest bearing checking account that our bank offers to senior citizens. And in the meantime we use one Capital One credit card. The only one we have. And I buy our necessities. We don't go out and buy for the fun stuff. Rarely do we go out to eat. We buy grass groceries, we buy our gas, we buy our medications. We pay for our doctor's visits. I pay our utility bills. You know, the necessity, the things that you have to pay with this. At the end of the month, I take the money out of our interest bearing account, pay off the credit card.


The credit card gives me two to 5% rewards for everything I buy. In the last year and a half, we've obtained $1,800 in rewards and have not paid 1 cent interest on that credit card. When I get these rewards, I put them in a savings account. And I have the fee. Rebecca, What's your question? Yes. Well, I just said, why is it wrong to have a a credit card? The amount of calories you've burned in the last three minutes for 1800 bucks is amazing. You're working your butt off for them. You, they work you like a slave mule.


I mean, you're just, you, you're running around in circles, you're running around in circles for two grand. Rebecca, I could have saved you 1800 bucks if you just saved the brain calories. Used your own money and used it more wisely. And here's why. I know I interviewed an ex Capital One employee, a manager over there over their reward program and they told me exactly how they screw people over. They create these programs. You just said two to 5%. Well guess what? 5% is on entertainment and travel and the luxury stuff you said you don't spend money on. Right. It rotates every month. We Do travel, we do travel once a year. Okay. We take a big long motorcycle. Rebecca, you're not gonna go bankrupt with this, but you're not building wealth with this. And it's not morally wrong. It's not morally wrong.


You're not a bad person. It's just you're, you're, you're been sucked into their system. And, and, and it's, you know, but I'm not paying Any interest, Honey. Yeah, you're yeah you are. Yeah you are. Yeah. You're, you're spending money you wouldn't spend otherwise now not much. 'cause you don't have much. It's only your social security money. No, but it's not enough money to spit at. I mean, We have to buy groceries. Right? I know, but you bought you 100% of the people that use plastic, including a debit card, including me, spend differently than we spend. When we spend cash, we spend differently. If I have have cash, there's tons of spend on stuff. You can, you can argue with me if you want, but you're wrong. Okay. Okay. The studies, the researcher out there, research studies, our research project upon research project.


This studies human behavior. We, those of us that sell people things, we know a thing called friction. And the easier We make it for you to buy. And the more we gamify it, make you think you're getting something back. The more you disconnect from the actual price and the quantity of what you're buying and you have a tendency to spend more now you are not spending much more. 'cause you don't have any money. This is not like you're going through $10,000 a month with this thing. You're not, it's a couple of grand. And it, and all of this work you're doing is netting you about $1,800 and you easily spent more than $1,800 during that same year that you would not have spent.


You don't think you do. Which is the humorous part of the discussion. That means they got you exactly where they want you. Now again, there's nothing morally wrong with it, but you've only looked at one side of this equation. And that is, is that you're gaining, gaining, gaining, gaining. And you did not see the other side of the equation. They don't work for free. They don't work for free. And, and So I, they're making their money. Believe me, they're making their money. Well it takes $90,000 to create an $1,800 return with 2%. That's basic math. Which means you've probably spent close to $90,000 that you otherwise would not have. IG 90002%.


That's right. That's, That's What she just said. How how much you get 1800 Bucks. Well it rotates Dave so it maybe five. It's not your social security check. So it is a lot of money There. All that to say basic math tells me this is not a win. And on top of that, you know, Dave, you mentioned the study. I've got it right here. 2021 MIT did an FMRI study. And here's what they found. Not only do credit cards release the brakes on spending, they also cause our brain to step on the gas driving us to spend even more. So that's to sum it up. When it hurts less, it costs more. Yeah. When it's someone else's money, I pay later, I'm gonna treat it differently than my money now. Exactly. And I. Think I'm And I am gamified. I think I'm getting money back. So you made $1,800 on 2% would be 90,000.


So if you may have a mix of two to 5%, we could even dumb it down to 70,000. 70,000. But you still went through $70,000, six grand a month and you don't think you overspent a single dime. Of course you did. So here's my theory. Could you make 1800 bucks a year by doing a budget, spending less And I guarantee Rebecca, for one month, try using your own debit card and see how much less you spent in that month. And I guarantee you if it's, you know, what are we talking? They're working you. If you had worked while you were working for them. If You make more than 150 Bucks, 1800 Bucks, 150 bucks a month is what we're talking, I think you can save That. So funny. You're not gonna go bankrupt. You can keep doing your little game if you want to, but mathematically, you're a fail.


It's an epic fail. Okay? You got 70,000 bucks going out to get 1800 back and you act like you're winning. Okay? And you act like you're not overspending. You are overspending. Now, are you dramatically overspending? Are you someone who's undisciplined and completely out of control? No. You're a very disciplined person. A very detailed person, which is the kind of person they really like to get ahold of because they make you, they can make you believe that they, that you're winning with them and they've done it. They got you. They got you. So Great marketing. It's how sponsor You do whatever you wanna do. I am going to spend my money with a cash or with a debit card. And I'm very conscious then that I've actually made a purchase and it makes me stop and think about what I'm purchasing and, and yes, you have to buy groceries anyway, but even groceries are different when you're walking through with a piece of plastic.


It's a different thing. The, and by the way, groceries, grocery stores are the best merchandisers on the planet. A study exactly How you study, I was talking to a guy that works for one of the big cereal companies the other day. He's one of the national sales managers. And he was explaining to me how much they pay to put certain boxes of their cereal at certain heights. Children's height, adult height at the front of the aisle, the back of the aisle. Because they can measure very distinctly with every chain they do business with, how much that increases sales. And the chains charge them for that shelf position. So go Check out where the Oreos are. They're right at eye level For children.


And if you're my height, so that depends. Well, I didn't say that you said that, but yeah. Well, Dave, there's other ways. Now we've come a long way. So, but so you, Rebecca, you do whatever you want to do. We're not mad at you. But the answer to your question, which is not really a question, it's a passive aggressive statement that you've beat the system. That's your statement is you didn't beat the system. System's beating you. You're spending eight 70 to $80,000 of your money to get 1800 back and you're working your butt off at this whole thing. And act like you just had some kind of huge win here. You didn't win at best. You broke even at this whole thing.


At best, This is The, Ramsey, Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklists absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey


George Kamel Ramsey Personality is my cohost today. Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five in the lobby of Ramsey Solu Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage. Jason and Lori are with us. Hey guys, how are you Doing great, Dave. how are you? Better than I deserve. Where do you live? We're from CO just outside of Columbus, Ohio. A little town called Pickerington. I love it. Welcome to Nashville. Thank you. And how much debt have you paid? About $65,580 and 90 cents. Good for you. How long did that take? Six and a half months. Good for you and your range of income during that time? 1 65. Oh wow. Good. What do y'all do for a living? I'm an account manager for plastics manufacturer.


I'm a business manager for a trucking company. Excellent. What kind of debt was the $66,000? It was our house. You Paid off your house? Off house. Looking at a couple of weird people. I like it. Good for you. So broke free. And then that's your last name on the T-shirt, right? Yes sir. Very good. Excellent. Broke free. You are not, you are not broke anymore. Free from being broke. I, It's like someone should write a book called breaking free from broke. I think that's a great title. Yes, what it is. Oh wait, That's funny. He did. Thank You guys for the nod. That's fair. We didn't pay 'em anything. That's Great. Great job guys. What's the house Worth? Thank you. The house is worth about 340,000.


Cool. Wow. How much in your 4 0 1 Ks in retirement accounts? 360 right now. So 700 altogether. Alright, Awesome. Heading towards baby steps millionaires. We'll Be there soon. Very soon. Way to go you guys. Thank you. So proud of you. Okay. Tell us your story What happened. What changed that made you decide to not be a normal person out there? Well, our journey with you actually goes back to 2011 when we had $24,000 in credit card debt. And we didn't realize, we didn't realize that until a friend told me that John and Ann Algae have to shout out to them. They had told us about the total money makeover. So. I got the book, read it within two days. Him, And, I sat down and discussed money pretty much for the first time.


And at that point, six years of marriage. So Wow. I was like, let's see what our debt is. It was 24,000. I was just bartending at the time. Got a full-time job and a side hustle. And we paid that off in 14 months. And then we just kinda lived life, never went back into debt. And then, was it January? A new New Year's of 2023, I went to bed thinking, Hmm, I wonder if we could pay off our house next year, like this coming year. That would be amazing. And then we weren't very intentional about it. And then New years of 24, I had that same thought and I'm like, I'm not gonna feel this way in 25. So Wow. So What happened. 'cause this is a lot. I mean, we're talking like 10 KA month here.


Did you guys sell something? Was there extra jobs? Well, we actually had 30,000 in savings. Oh, So, we brought That down. So we brought that down. So it was about 35 that we put together. Had a really good bonus this year. Kind of put that all together and took it out and made our final payment there in June. Above your emergency fund? Yes, correct. Of course. Yes, Absolutely. Yes. I like to have an emergency fund for the emergency fund. So. We use that on the house. That's, That's what we used on the house. That's we used On the house. 'cause I like to have a debt-free house too. Yes, exactly. Like way to Oh, you guys, thank you. How's it feel to not have a payment in the world? It's Amazing. It's amazing. It's truly amazing. It's amazing. Never thought I would ever be here and it's, it's, it's a wonderful feeling. How long y'all been married? 19 years. Next month.


Next Month. Well, congratulations. Have you ever been without debt? No. No. This is the first time Now you're a hundred percent free. Yes, We are. That's so cool. You got so much money. It's $165,000 and no payments. Wow. What are you gonna do to celebrate This? Oh no. I mean, dude, what are you gonna do? Go. You gonna need to go big? We're actually, we're going to take the kids to Orlando for spring break. Good. There We go. We go So. We're gonna do that. Yep. There We go. Now I'm curious, what was the interest rate on this mortgage? It was three and a quarter. Okay. It was a, it was a VA loan. Because I hear a lot of these, you know, gurus out there telling me, well, George, it makes more sense to you should invest.


Why pay down the mortgage? No. How did you guys go? You know what? No, we're not, we're just gonna pay it down. They don't pay our bills. I, what's The story? I didn't want a payment anymore. I just got tired of hitting that button and sending money away for, you know, it just, it was time. Wow. How long have you, had you been paying a mortgage? Up until It was a 30 year loan originally. We ended up paying it off in 17 years. Wow. Shaved off some life. That's amazing. You gained some life back by paying off the mortgage. That's a cool way to think about it. Did it in six and a half months. Once they decided, Isn't that crazy? You just decide. Trigger and it's gone. Because if you had known 17 years ago, we could attack this with intentionality and it could be done. You would've done it Long time Ago. But you didn't believe at that point it, it wasn't a strong enough feeling as they were feeling.


It's a feeling. And you wake up at New Year's after New Year's and go, I want this mortgage gone. Did it take some work to convince him to get intents? No. No, Not really. No. I was, I was ready. I was right there with her. So it, it was time. Yeah. Just a, it's interesting that you can, you manufacture the disgust. It doesn't have to be like, something comes, something negative has to occur to wake you up. Yeah. You can just wake up and go, I don't like this feeling. You know, and it's, I'm not gonna live like this. That was pretty much it. No, I'm done. That's It. I mean that's, and if you wanna manufacture it, go look at the interest you pay on that amortization schedule and you go, we paid how much still. Right. They got 800 bucks just for fun. No, thank you. Oh Yeah, yeah. That your, your amortization calculator on your website is what got me going.


I kept looking at it was like, okay, we need to add this much more every month and we can get there. Yeah. Yeah. And then the EveryDollar budget we use, we love it. Yes. It's Helped us. Yeah, the app, the app helped you get through it. Absolutely. Good. Good. Well, way to go. You two we're very proud of you. What do you tell people, the secret to getting outta debt is Budget, contentment, intention, Intentionality, being intentional with everything. Yes. On purpose in the budget. How do you, how do you reach contentment in a world that's full of discontent? That's a good question. I just don don't know. Just being happy with what you've got, like Yeah. Yeah. When we were paying off the credit card debt, that was a big hit to us.


'cause we were always going out to eat and, oh, we deserve this, we deserve that. And it was like, do we, do we really? So yeah. Then we learned to be content and just love what we have. I've never been one for big lavish, you know, luxury things anyway, so it was kind of made it, that made it a little easier. Yeah. Well, Good for you guys. Well done. Thank you. All right. Bring the kiddos up. Let's to get their names and ages. Come on Out. We've got Calvin here. He's 11 years old. Come on. And Lily Beth is 13. All Right. With the matching shirts And they've matching. They've been following along through this whole process. They know what it's like now. Yes. Yes they do. And they get to go to Orlando.


Hello? Yep. Yes. There we go. I Like it. And we have an extra gift for you. We got two subscriptions to EveryDollar Premium, so you can pass that along. You said that was the key. Give it to someone else to say, hi, I believe in you. Here's a tool that's gonna help. Wonderful. Thank You. Absolutely. Will do. Thank you very much. Good stuff. Thank Jason and Lori Calvin and Lily Beth from Columbus, Ohio. 66,000 paid off house and everything. Heading right towards baby step millionaires. They did it in six and a half months, making 1 65 on the budget, being intentional and being content. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 3, 2, 1.


We're dead. Yeah. Woohoo. Great job you guys. Absolutely incredible heroes, man. Take control of their life. Mm. See this is what millionaires look like. If you Wanna know what a millionaire looks like, look at those people. Don't look next to you at the stoplight at the fancy car. That ain't it. Most of the time. Yeah. Unless it's Dave Ramsey. Well that guy's, I mean, he's content. He's in good shape. He's not worried about it. He doesn't care what you think. You got a paid for house though. They're running their own race. And I. I've said if you run someone else's rate, there is, there is no finish line. It's just this endless chase of, I gotta keep up with the Joneses. Did you see the vacation? They went on and they're going, we're gonna, Orlando, we don't have a mortgage payment. Don't care what we saw on Instagram. Yeah.


Yeah. That's a difficult thing to do in today's world. Yeah. If you just turned off Instagram, it wouldn't be, but yeah. Turn Off the inputs. That's it. Wow. It's pretty cool. Very cool. It's a very, it's a great place to be. And you know, no older than they are. They're gonna be multi-millionaires by the time this story is over. Because I mean, we're, we're just about to get to the first million, but then about every seven years after that, it's gonna double again. And So I don't know. 10, 12, 14, by the time they retire And you got Time Warner side, still unlike a lot of people, they go into retirement carrying the mortgage saying, well, one day we'll get to it maybe. Yeah. Everybody's got a car payment. Everybody's got a mortgage. No EOS over here Except Jason and Lori.


Yep. Here we go. This is The. Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey good folks. It's Delony. And with Back to School Madness on Deck, my family's schedule is already so packed and we haven't even made room for things like exercise and date nights and counseling and all the other things that make our life even worth living. When it comes to taking care of me, I have to remember to put on my oxygen mask first. Meaning I have to do the things that help me stay well and whole. And you have to do the same thing too. Together we can show up and be strong in all of this chaos. So don't skip the things that matter to you, including therapy. And when it comes to therapy, call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, staffed with licensed therapist. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. Therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, set boundaries, and learn ways to find peace in the chaos. Be sure to put your oxygen mask on first and never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp EL p.com/deone.


George Kamel Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you are here. If you wanna help us out, we could use the help. Subscribe to this show, follow this show, share this show. Tell people about this show. We know that many of you are clicking, subscribe, clicking share, and clicking follow because our numbers are just way up. Thank you for that. And thanks for telling people about it. We really, really appreciate it. Caitlin's with us in Salt Lake City. Hi Caitlyn, how are you? I'm good. how are you? Better Than I deserve. What's up? I fell into a financial hole this last year and I've been following your steps.


I'm 34, but since I was 17, I have my daughter And. I've been trying to stay out of debt and build wealth. And, I, just keep falling out of step four. But I got married, my husband opened some credit cards last year because against my will, I've never owned a credit card until last year. And so currently I'm standing with student loans, unfortunately at like 120,000 of debt. And I'm trying to figure out the best way to get out of it. I have three vehicles. One of them's completely paid off. One of 'em only has 6,000 left on it. And then my husband bought a brand new car two years ago against my will.


And so currently I can sell my $6,000 truck. I can maybe trade in my one that's paid off, Not gonna help or Something. That's okay. You're Gonna keep doing the same crap. I know. Your, Your husband just goes and buys whatever he wants and there's no, you can't, you can't get out of debt faster than he gets in it, honey. Yeah. You don't have a debt problem. You got a husband problem. I do. I put him on a budget. I took away all of his cards. We talked about It. He's not a child. Not, I know We're not punishing him. We want him to be a grown man and actually make good decisions.


Yes. Unfortunately I can't No breath that goes and buys a truck that he can't afford. Yeah. How old is this guy? Oh, for, he's 43. Dear Lord. Okay, Well, I mean, you know, you, this Is a marriage problem. Number one, You keep borrowing money a little bit because you're not disciplined and he does whatever the flip he wants. And you all aren't gonna fix this until you fix the people in your mirror. Yeah. You and your husband need to sit down together and say, honey, this is not working. What we're doing is stupid. We keep going backward and backward and backward and backward. We're acting like a couple of children and this is not okay.


This is the discussion the two of you need to have, it's time for, it's time for y'all to start making some grownup decisions instead of just buying crap. Just 'cause you feel like it. Yeah. The impulsiveness in this story just keeps circling back around and circling back around. And that's what you guys have gotta deal with. And And, I don't think he wants to don don't think he thinks there's a problem. I can agree with you. We've actually had a conversation a couple days ago. I've been trying to pull us out of this. Yeah, you can't, you've gotta stop that. The first, the only way you are gonna pull you guys out of this is, is if he helps.


Yeah. You have a shovel. He has a bulldozer and he is gonna keep destroying this thing. And so he, you guys Miss a lot on values. You, you haven't fallen into debt. You've jumped into debt. Yeah. It was a very intentional act. You didn't accident. Fallen indicates an accident. It was not an accident. You did it on purpose. So don't quit using words like I fell into. You didn't fall. I jumped back in. Yeah. Yeah. And just got, so the two of you, you need to sit down with him and say, honey, this terrifies me. I can't live like this. I don't like feeling out of control.


don don't like these people owning our lives. I don't like feeling like we're working our tail off and we got nothing to show for. But payments And, I don't like not being able to trust you because of your immaturity and your impulsiveness. I want us to get on the same page and have some long goals and start sacrificing to hit those goals. I've got to have that. 'cause this is killing me. Yeah. Now the one thing about this guy that is a possible redeeming feature is maybe he actually loves his wife. If he does and his wife says to him, honey, I'm scared. Help me. This is killing me. I can't stand this.


He has to respond to that. If he loves his wife, Yeah. But if he's a complete narcissist and just is gonna go off and do whatever he wants to do anyway, then you've got a bigger issue than a money issue kiddo. And it's a problem. So you've got to try to get him to the table and talk about growing up and talking about doing things on purpose with intentionality. George, I gotta tell you, I see this stuff. I recognize it so clearly because it's exactly what I did when I read in Proverbs, it says, he who is impulsive exalts folly. Hmm. And I studied that a little bit.


And I realized the word folly is a fool in action. So if you're impulsive, when I was impulsive and I'm pretty stinking was, I was like the king of it. I made that guy look like a genius. Okay. That's how bad I was when I, but when I realized, you know, those that are impulsive are a fool in action. Hmm. That's a fool in motion. And I thought. And this is not, this is a biblical fool. This is not like, Hey fool, it's not a greeting. This is like an idiot. I And, I looked at myself, And I went, I'm a, I'm a I'm a fool in action Of biblical proportion Of biblical proportions.


It woke me up, man. It woke me up. I thought, What was behind that? Was it a pride? Was it arrogance? Was it greed? Was it all of it? Because there's gotta be a piece of this where you go, I feel like I know better. I know what I'm doing. I'm gonna be the genius who gets us outta this. No. Or is just An Imma it's think It's maturity. Just an emotional, For me it was immaturity, Spiritual immaturity of just going. It was, I just, I I have no control. It's impulsive. I impulse an impulse. You act on impulse rather than on thought or intentionality. The opposite of it is wisdom. The opposite of it is steady, careful, thoughtful. You know, that's the opposite of impulsive. Impulsive is a Child's delayed gratification and instant gratification.


Exactly. And, and you know, when you think about what, what is it when you buy something and they say, that's an impulse item. You heard that, right? Yep. Well, what is that? That's something you get, you gave absolutely no thought to and it was done without consideration of anything else. Just Sort of as you're checking out, you see the little item there and you go, yeah, that sounds good. It's of why Not no con it's of no consequence. And yet when you add it up, it's all of consequence. It is the consequence, the consequence. You're broke. And, I may not feel sorry for that guy. And, and her, I mean, poor Kaitlyn, she's got a mess on her hands. 'cause it is a childish behavior. It's an immature, and when I was doing it, I was like the king of it.


And. I. And people say things like, well, I work hard. So I deserve it. That's what they say when they do something stupid like that. I I used to say that. It's like, I, I deserve, what do you deserve? I deserve to be broke and in debt, but I got a nice car because I'd have no abs. I have no off button at all. I just do whatever feeling comes into my little self. And man, I was that guy. And I just went, I don't like this guy. And he's broke all the time. He's a problem child. I can understand it if you're just a single guy, no responsibilities. But for a guy with a wife and kids, no, I don't understand It. It's, it's not okay. There's no demographic that makes being immature and self-centered, selfish and shallow.


Okay. And I was every bit of that. You know? It is not. It is not. It's okay if you're single to do that. No, it's Not. Well said. It affects other people when there's Yeah. Well, It, it, yeah. Poor Kaitlyn, she's trying to swim over here and he keeps throwing her concrete block instead of a life preserver and here, hold this honey, here's a new truck payment. You know, I mean, it's ugh, can't breathe. I can't breathe here. Hold another one. Until you get to the root of it, it's, you're not gonna get anywhere. Yeah, that's a tough one. And what's weird is when you are impulsive, you'll impulse some big stuff like a car or a $50,000 truck. You know, And I think that's one of the things that going broke and learning this biblical money stuff helped me to grow up and go through that.


I mean, by the time I went broke, I wasn't impulsive anymore to at that degree. But, but it's always been easy for me to make decisions. I'm a decisive person. And you can kind like say, well, I, I, I make decisions quick. No, you're just a 4-year-old. You're just an immature little child. That's half a life. That's different than making decisions quickly. Most of life is just pushing down the inner toddler going, no, not today. That's it. That's it. The inner toddler. That's my problem. This is The. Ramsey. Show.


Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free, right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. The phone number's Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Patrick is in Boston. Hey Patrick, how are you? I'm doing great, sir. It's a pleasure to speak with you. You too. What's up? Well, sir, two years ago I got divorced and the house was kind of left in limbo, didn't sell it.


I couldn't buy my ex-wife outta the house. She couldn't buy me out. So the deal was that I basically stay in the house until either I sell it or our son comes of age. And I. I'm kind of stuck between whether I should sell the house now because it does have some equity in it, or if I stay in the house, I owe her half of the proceeds of the sale. And I'm just not sure whether I wanna be giving her all of those, all that equity that I'm putting into the house at this point. Yeah. Every repair you do, she gets half of every payment you pay. She gets half of this is not a good deal for you.


Yeah. And it's something I've been thinking about for a little while and there's plenty of equity in the house to, to give her right now, I would sell it, so, All Right. The sooner you sell, the less damage you're doing by paying more of her. Share That or refinance it and buy her out. Can you refinance and get a mortgage and pay out her half? It's possible. I, you know, since rates went up, I haven't really looked into that very deeply, but that's certainly a possibility. Do you wanna stay There? Yeah. What's the, do you want the house To, to be honest, no, I, I don't wanna stay here. Okay. I'm not from New England. Okay. Originally, And I would like to leave.


So that's also something I've been thinking about. But That's fairly easy. Then it becomes a no-brainer. I would do it as soon as possible. And if you, you need a guy you can trust, a gal you can trust, you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent and those are the folks in your area who we trust, who we vet to help you with these transactions. Ron is in Indianapolis. Hey Ron. Welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Hi. A quick background. I'm 74 years old, active, refused to quit working. And I. Got about four streams of income coming in, but I'm late to the party. I, I do have a paid for rental house.


I've got a 30, $38,000 in a heat dock on my right, on my primary residence. And I've only got $22,000 in my IRA, I've got about $1,800 in savings. So I have $4,100 in a credit card. Besides the heloc, the credit card will be paid off in September. What do you make? I make between 58 and six grand a month. Okay. Alright. Well I would plow through the credit card and the HELOC and build your emergency fund of three to Six months of expenses and then start investing for retirement.


Okay. So that was one of my questions. I should pay off the HELOC and not do investing in heloc. No, yeah, you should get rid of the HELOC and the credit card first as fast as you can. I mean, really, really, really fast. Like living on beans and rice fast. Well, I'm hoping I, I'll have that paid off by September, the credit card and then I'm, I'm hoping to, I I, I was thinking I should build my emergency fund After, after the HELOCs done. You're saying after the heloc, what's the balance on the HELOCs? Just 20 grand, wasn't it? 38. 38, 600 and and you're making, you know, you're making 70 or 80,000 a year. I, I would knock that thing out like it was a credit card.


Okay. And then you'd be a hundred percent debt free house and everything, right? Yes. Yeah. And then you build your emergency fund and then you start investing into retirement. That's exactly what I would do in that situation. And time is of the essence. Yeah. I mean, you're 74. I wanna see you retire with dignity one day when you can't work. I know you're choosing to work right now, which is cool, but one day, you know, you might not be able to And I wanna see you with no payments. Yeah. That HELOC being gone is a big deal here. It's a really big deal. George is in San Diego. Hey George. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hey, how you doing? Hey, How can we help? Hey, so I'm just looking over my finances the other day and let me get off speaker.


And me and my wife, we just got to a point where we're making a hundred thousand dollars a year after taxes and we have no money really to do anything it seems. It feels like we only have a couple of bills, a couple of hard costs, and then all of our fixed costs, like, you know, living gas, groceries, et cetera, pretty much take up everything. And I'm wondering, what, what would you, how do I look at this? How do I look at this? 'cause I, what I think of, you know, we're making a hundred thousand dollars, about $8,000 a month when you average it all up and we're still not able to, it feels like we're still kind of living paycheck to paycheck.


Is that normal or is there what Should I be looking at here to Well you're, you're, you've got an idea in your head, but you're not doing a written plan. If you worked for a company and your job was to manage the division of your company that brought in a hundred thousand dollars a year and part of your job was you had a p and l responsibility, meaning you had to budget that division, they would fire you. 'cause you haven't written a thing down. This is all in your head. And so you need a detailed written budget that you and your spouse both agree to, and then you need to stick to it.


Then you'll figure out where the money's going and figure out what the problem is. There's no outside forces here that are conspiring against you. So how much are, are your, how much is your house payment? Well, right now, So, we, we just moved out of the place we were currently living at a couple of weeks ago. We're staying at my wife's mom's for three months. Why? And and, and right now, because we, we were, we got put in a weird situation. We rented from a sublease landlord and then three months. Okay. So what are you gonna do for housing? Well, for right now we're staying here. We're paying 500 bucks a month.


I know, but you're not gonna stay there long. How? No, we wanna be outta here three months maximum. Okay. Whatcha you gonna do at the end of three months? Right now we're, we're searching pretty much every day on Zillow Wife for a purchase or a rental. Two children and a dog rental. Okay. And what do you think your rental's gonna run Right now? I mean, for what we're looking for we're, I mean everything that we see is gonna be in the 3,500 at a bare minimum to 4,000 range Much. You can't do that on 8,000. Pretty much That's half of your take On. You can't, you cannot have a rent payment. That's half of your take home pay. It's not sustainable.


What's a healthy percentage? 25%. Two grand. I don't think you could. Yeah, So, we were paying, we were paying 25. We had a one bedroom, 600 square foot. You know, here's Small place here. Here's the thing. You have a hundred thousand dollars to work with. The math doesn't change. Just because you live in an expensive area, you, you know, you still are constrained by that. You still are gonna be broke your whole life and struggling and stressed out. If you take a rental payment that's 50% of your take home pay, you've got to get it down towards that 25% mark. If you can't, then that means you can't afford to live in the area you're looking in.


You move further out, increase the income, George, go to EveryDollar dot com, list out that income, list out every single expense and you'll figure out real quick where it's all going and what you need to do. It's not sustainable. You don't get a pass on math 'cause you live in San Diego. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one and replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent


George Kamel Ramsey Personality is my co-host today.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. If you're in over your head with private student loans and tired of getting calls from collection agencies, you may need Why Refi, Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch. They give you a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey today. That's the letter YREF y.com/ramsey might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Chad and South Carolina. He says, I work full-time. And I have a lawn care business on the side. Part of my business income was paid in cash and partly by payment apps like Venmo, et cetera. I've been paying taxes on everything except the cash And. I was wondering morally and legally how I should handle that income. Obviously I already pay a lot of taxes and I'm trying to save money where I can should feel, should I feel bad about this? And if so, should I clear everything up with the IRS and pay back what's due to them? You can decide if you wanna go back or not and deal with it and how far back you want to go. But income in America, regardless of how it's received, is taxed.


That's the law. And so it is a moral and an ethical thing to pay taxes on. Money you receive as cash period. And. I pay taxes. I mean, if we get paid in cash for something here, it all goes into the revenue and it all goes into the calculation and we pay taxes on it just like we do everything else. So mechanically how you can do it is when you get paid in cash, just deposit it into the business bank account and then it'll be reflected there as income. And that'll help you do the totals and figure out what you're supposed to do with your quarterly estimates on your business. That's the mechanics of it. So Chad, one of the things I I read several years ago that really leans into this George as far as I'm concerned, is Tom Stanley, the great Tom Stanley who did the original book, the Millionaire Next Door.


He And I became friends before he passed away. His daughter Sarah, we interact with her now. She still does research on, on millionaires and billionaires and so forth. He did another book called The Millionaire Mindset later. There's two books by that name. But he did one by that name and where he studied billionaires that wasn't millionaires or billionaires. And he studied people who had accumulated a billion dollars from nothing. And so these were very billions, a thousand million. And he did it. He went out this, this research a little bit different. He tried to find the correlating things in their life, you know, marriage.


Were they married one time? Had they been married six times? What was their education? You know, what were the things in their life that led them to be in a position to do this? And he found 37 different items or things that he correlated, and the then he forced ranked them in how often they appeared. Oh, so number 37 appeared the least often among the billionaires. And number one appeared in every one of them. And number one that appeared in these people who became billionaires from nothing, was that they had fanatical levels of integrity, character.


Every time he interviewed a competitor, a friend, an employee, a former employee, his kids, his wife, when they spoke of this man, they always spoke of impeccable integrity. Not just honesty, but integrity is a wholeness to it. And it's, he's the same on Sunday as he is on Monday. If he says he, if he says the sky's falling duck, I mean, this guy is impeccable, fanatical about his integrity. And, and that reinforced to me that when don don't pay my taxes, it has nothing to do with whether the taxes are just or not.


It has to do with I'm not doing the right thing. It's my integrity. It doesn't reflect on them. Anybody who has walking around since pretty much agrees that the federal government and the IRS and the income tax system is a complete moronic train wreck, it's absolutely unfair and horrible. But that doesn't say anything about my integrity. My integrity is I'm gonna follow the law. Exactly. It's what they said to do. I'm not looking for a shortcut and So, we report every stinking dime that we take in at the Ramseys because it ha makes a statement about me, not about them.


And then I'm going to also make another statement about me. I'm going to spend a lot of money with attorneys and CPA firms to try to figure out what I legally don't have to pay And. I'm not paying a stinking dime more than I got to on the other side of that 'cause I hate them. But still, my dislike of the tax system is not gonna be reflected. Not gonna change me as an, as a person of integrity. 'cause I wanna be on that list that Tom Stanley did. You know, I wanna be in that. I wanna be in that lineup with that hall of fame right there. So If you wanna build sustainable wealth and have your integrity intact, pay your taxes, Chad. So that, that's it.


It's that simple. And you know, I'll, I'll go so far as this, lemme just, let's just carry that on, on out a little bit. Fanatical integrity means like when you work for someone and they pay you to work there. When you're not working, you're stealing. When you're sitting on your Facebook account for three hours while you're being paid to do work that you're not doing, that's not integrity. That's stealing. It's not cute. Everybody does it, but everybody's broke and everybody doesn't have a good life. And everybody struggles in their relationships and everybody can't deal with anything except their anxiety and their heart attacks and their obesity and everything else.


So everybody, you don't wanna be like, so here's what's weird. Even if it's not popular with your coworkers while you're at work, work all day every day, because that makes a statement about you, not about them. It's not about, well, my bounce is toxic. Oh, kiss my butt because they wanted you to work. Now you are, you have a toxic ball. It's a toxic work environment. They expect me to work. And. I can't live on Facebook. You're killing me here, dad. Come snowflakes work while you're at work.


It's an integrity issue, you know? And so it carries through every part of your life. And, I, you know, get there five minutes early, get there five minutes late. Leave five minutes late. Don't be the first one. Screeching the tires outta the dadgum parking lot every afternoon. You know, it's not that hard. That's a sign of integrity. It's inside of integrity. And I figured out being on time is integrity. I hate that one. Once I figured it out though, I, I'm, I'm, I'm trains run on time around here, we put a little clock up on things staff meeting, it's got a little countdown clock and we start at eight 30. We don't start at 8 32, we start at eight 30 and you come wandering your little butt in Six months late.


It's, you know, well there's traffic. Well there's traffic every day. There's nothing new about that. You know, there's traffic. Of course there's traffic. You know, I had to get the kids ready for school every day. You know, it's not a surprise. you know, we do, you know, if I tell Sharon I'm gonna be home for dinner at five 30, I come walking in at 5 37, she's like, it's getting cold. Food's cold, Getting cold. You said five 30. And you know, and she's not a butt about it. I'm not a butt to our team about this stuff, but these are things I had to start talking to myself about. And that type of character is the type of character that grows billionaires, Chad.


And so pay you taxes, honey, every dime of them. Hope that was clear. It is true though. It's interesting how that carries through every part of your life, your career, your marriage, your relationships, your finances, being, being the person you said you were gonna be, being A person of character. Do what I said I was gonna do. Follow through, follow through, follow through. And and you know, God, I can't stand being late 'cause it says, I didn't think they were important enough to get there on time. It's arrogance. Can't stand it. Stinking airlines unbelievable man. What's delta mean when you're looking up in the Greek? We ain't gonna be there. That's what it means.


This is The Ramsey Show looking for a place to get honest and reliable news. Then check out the Megan Kelly show hosted by my friend Megan Kelly. The Megan Kelly show is your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. No agenda and no fear. Meghan also interviews a variety of guests from different backgrounds where she explores both sides of contentious issues. The show provides in-depth discussions and insights into relevant topics shaping society today. So be sure to look for the Megan Kelly show wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey guys, George Kamel here with some big news. The Ramsey $10,000 cash giveaway is here. Enter all month long to increase your chances of winning no gimmicks, just $10,000 cash. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway to enter every single day. Plus, we've lined up some unbeatable deals for as low as 12 bucks. These bestsellers will teach you the most effective way to build wealth, make raising smart money kids easy, or help you live a more joyful, less anxious life. You don't wanna miss it. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


George Kamel Ramsey Personality is my co-host in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage. Matt and Corey are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Hi. Better than we deserve. Yes sir. Welcome. Good to have you guys. Where do y'all live? Dallas, Texas. All fun. Welcome to Nashville. Thank you. And how much debt have you two paid off? $311,000. Wow. How long long did that take? Eight Years, one month. Good job. And your range of income during that time? Started Out at 48,000 and finished out at 1 72. Cool. What do y'all do for a living? I'm in law enforcement And I'm in restaurant management. Very good, very good. Good for you guys.


What kind of debt was the 311 So? we had two car loans, my student loans and our house Whoa. Look at a couple of weird people with a paid four house. Just Throw that in there for fun. Why not? Yes Sir. Excellent. So hus, this house worth 410. Love it. And how much in your retirement accounts? Just over a hundred. Okay. You're on your way. How old are you? 2 32 And I'm 30 With a paid for. That's weird. $400,000 house in Dallas. That's weird. Yes sir. What put you on this journey eight years ago? Well, eight months into marriage I was coming home from work, just got off a evening shift. And I was driving home and Corey thought she might've been pregnant.


I, I was not, but I was worried about It. And I. I just finished college exit counseling. My first student loan payment was coming due. We had the, the car loans and kind of lit a fire under me to say, what, what are we gonna do? How are we gonna do this So? we kind of always knew we were sort of poor and then we realized, oh wow, we are actually very poor lit a fire. So I started looking around, I'd heard your name a couple times and Googled you and found the podcast. I was working a job where I could listen all three hours every day. So that's what I did and started working the baby steps. Alright. And Cory's on board? Yes, I, I am the spender and free spirit, but it, it wasn't a hard battle.


We, we started our monthly budget meetings right away went from just kind of a scrappy paper budget to the EveryDollar app and honestly we have had monthly budget meetings every month since then and it really made it easy to come together on it. Yeah. Wow. Well it helps your marriage 'cause you're communicating. Yes, Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. And working together on stuff is a big deal, but working together on money's everything. Yeah. That money's a reflection of your values and your calendar. So worst case he knows what's going on next week 'cause we gotta go buy this thing. Yes sir. That's a really cool tool. And I. I'm curious, you guys are real young. So to start this thing at, I mean you were what, 24? Yes Sir. 24. Yeah, I was about 21, 22. Yeah.


That is wild to go. You know what, we're not gonna wait on, let's see who's in the office next, see if they're gonna forgive these student loans. Well I mean the student was ready and the teacher appeared. So And I think if you say Dave's name three times he appears, you hear it enough times the show will just magically appear on your social media feeds. That's incredible. Wow. So what was the hardest part? 'cause you just went straight through the consumer debt into the emergency fund, into investing into the mortgage. How did that all work? I mean, I would say the hardest part was just at the beginning. I mean our debt to income ratio it with, it's not a good, not a good ratio. Yeah. So the hardest part, 'cause I mean we were both fresh out of college.


Well I had just finished and he was still finishing up college and so just being so young we, we hadn't even started our careers. We hadn't even really picked our careers at the time. So I'd say the hardest part was just, just starting off with so little income. But you know, through a couple job and career changes here and there, we realized we were on the right path and just started growing where we were with our jobs and, and it really, really took off. We were very fortunate with where we are and the bosses that I have have been amazing. Well you worked your tails off to triple your income in that time, so Yes sir. Way to overtime is pretty common. Yeah, I would say we have basically unlimited overtime in our careers, so that was a huge help early on and it's been a huge blessing to cut back on that.


So yeah, You got back to, you don't have to do anything now. Wow. Yes. Right. It feels like you're working part-time. It does. Wow. Good for you. How's it feel to not have a payment in the world at 30 years old? Very light. Yes. Very floaty. Yeah, Floaty like that. Yes. Floaty. I Floating around, you know, We talk about debt, having an actual physical weight on our bodies. Yes. And we see debt-free screamers and they could levitate there. There's just a freedom and joy there that I think people, you can't put it on paper and go, Hey, this is what you're gonna have on the other side. Right? Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna have to provide a tether so they don't that one That's smart. So they don't, so they don't drift off the stage on Lock your feet into the debt-free stage. Good.


What's the next thing you're gonna do? 32 paid for house. So this, and then she needs a minivan. Yes. She's six foot one and been driving around a Camry for don Don't know how long So I know the feeling. Yes sir. We have our 2-year-old son. We need some headroom. Yes sir. We got our 2-year-old son back there that'll join us in a little bit. And then baby brother is joining us in a few months, so Woo. They won't fit in a Camry very well. That's, so we're going for the minivan next. That's right. Move mom up. Yes Sir. Upgrade. Yeah, and, and obviously pay in cash and easy to, easy to do that with not a payment in the world. Absolutely. Yes Sir. Very, very cool. Do You feel unstoppable because there, is there anything else? Like if there's a fun, a financial goal, you go, yeah, we could do that.


Yeah, Absolutely. I think we're, we're excited too. I mean we talk about the dream snowball. Yeah. So, we move from the debt snowball to the dream snowball goal and It just kind of picks up speed, what we call it, speed. You know, I mean the compound interest and the way everything goes and when you work on your career and everything, it takes off. And so we're doing the minivan and then, you know, Asana to help build a non-anxious life. Just, you know, Oh, I love That. You build a life that you don't have to get away from and you're very content to be there. So that's very excited. Very Cool. You guys, there's a maturity that happens in those eight years of just going delayed gratification. Nope. We're gonna say no, we're gonna say no. And at 32 you guys have gained so much wisdom and maturity following this plan, so I'm so proud of you guys.


Thank you. Way to go. Heroes. Thank you. Thank you very much. We're proud of you. Who was, who was cheering you on as you went through this? Our parents for sure. Obviously cooking us a meal takes a little bit more than the average person, so they cooked us a lot and that helped relieve us from the beans and rice a little bit. Literally chicken, beans and rice three times a day for a while. So, so that was, that was a big help. And of course cheering us on and being proud for us and, and we've we've had a lot of help from friends and family, but also outrageous generosity as well. Yeah. Experienced it in a lot of just unique ways along the journey and so we're very excited to be able to do that for other people now and to get to be those people To others. Yeah, you'll be, you'll be the pay it forward folk.


Absolutely. Yeah. I like it. Very good you guys. Excellent job. Alright, we're gonna bring a young man into the picture here before we do our debt free screen. What's his name and age? His name's William and he's almost two years Old. All right, so cute. All right. Our, our William just turned is getting ready to turn 11. Wow. My, my grandson William, he's our oldest. Yeah, that's a great, great name, good name, good job you guys. Well done. We've got Done gift for you too, don't we? Dave we we're gonna gift them two years of EveryDollar premium. So two different cards you can gift on to. You said you wanna pay it forward. This is a great way to do that by gifting someone the budget and saying, Hey, this is the tool we used. If you Wanna know how we did it, this is the plan right here.


Yes Sir. Absolutely love it. Matt, Corey and William Dallas, Texas. $311,000 paid off. That's the house and everything. Yes, they did it in eight years, in one month making 48 to 1 72. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 2, 1. We're debt free. Way to go. You guys kids had his family tree changed. He doesn't know it. Mom and dad are gonna be millionaires before he even knows what he is doing. I was just thinking about that.


He's gonna go back on YouTube and watch this one day go and, oh, that's why I have the life that I have. My parents paid a price so that I could have this life. That's, that's privilege that is earned. Yeah, That's exactly right. Very well done. Very, very well played. Yeah. And you know, the classic thing, get on a budget. The classic thing. Take the overtime, the classic thing you work and guess what? Your income goes up. Oh, it's an amazing correlation. Not A lot of life hacks here. It just looks like hard work. Well, I gotta tell you the, these different screams, they often sound like, oh, that's, it looks easy. It's not easy. Like, well They Dave they had a great income. Like Yeah, they worked their tails off. They worked overtime. They started at $48,000 a year.


Shut up. I mean, get it done. I don't, you know, stop your whining and, and put your shoulder to the wheel. Let's go. We got stuff to do here. Boys and girls got Life to live. No, this is This. is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, it's Dr. John Delony. Look, when you're stressed about money, it makes everything feel out of control. You run around like a maniac trying to make sure everything's covered. Everybody's okay. I've been there. It's the worst. But you can flip the script with an EveryDollar budget. It helps you track spending and expenses in real time. So you always know what's happening with your money. Talk about a weight lifted off your shoulders. Start feeling in control of your money again. Download the EveryDollar app today for free.


George Kamel. Ramsey Personality is my co-host.


If you're buying a home out there in this mess right now, you're selling a home in this mess out there right now. You need a professional in your corner, someone that knows what they're doing, they can guide you through this crazy market and help you get the right purchase, help you get the right sale, the right buyer to come in, actually get it closed. The top agents in the world are doing well right now. The ones that are struggling are typically the people that haven't got a lot of experience and didn't have much octane to start with. Yeah. We endorse real estate agents all over America and we have for decades, and we vet them for performance. We coach them. They're high octane, 30 to 300 houses a year being sold. They get, they don't, they didn't just get their license yesterday. And if you wanna Find a Ramsey, Trusted Real Estate Agent for free, just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. A Ramsey trusted real estate agent for free. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent


Theresa is in Portland, Oregon. Hi Theresa, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you for having me on. Sure. What's up? Well, my HOA just signed me up for $22,000 worth of debt through a special assessment. This is after I've lived here for two years and my HOA dues have increased 44% in that timeframe. And my understanding is that there's gonna be another special assessment coming for another $22,000 in debt plus more dues increase as, as a this Place has falling apart, isn't it? Yeah. No, it's not. It's not. I mean it's, it's got some work that needs to be done that has not been, but don don't think they've been keeping up with the maintenance.


Yeah. So now they're trying to, they're Trying to catch up and get deferred maintenance done. Yeah. So they've been undercharging for the HOA dues for years, Either undercharging or not handling the money Well, Yeah, probably both. Yeah. What are you Paying now for your HOA fee? Right now it's 552. It was three 80 when I moved in. That's per month. Per month, okay. So what, I mean, do you see an end in sight to this or have you just gotten in a bad situation that you need to sell and get out of there? Well that's, that's the thing is I, I'm not really sure right now. I think the owners are trying to ban together.


Nobody's happy about this and they're trying to ban together and get HOA Is the owners home Well owners association. Yeah. The people who live here, I, I guess I should say who own the condo. Like each condo here. They're trying to, they're trying to do some stuff, but I think I, I don't know. When I got this information, I was angry and freaked out. And, I, knee jerked, And I called some realtors and I've just And I realized I was making, I was gonna make an emotional decision. So I'm trying to make a very logical, like, you know, think through all of this trying to figure out what numbers make sense to keep the Congo, what numbers make sense to sell the condo. Yeah.


And I make a good financial decision. Not an emotional, I'm mad and angry. Angry. It's, it's not emotional to judge the pattern that the maintenance, deferred maintenance is going to continue to cause me to have special assessments and increased fees. I don't want to do that. That's not emotional. Right. That's just an analysis. Yeah. And so if you think this is going to continue this erratic behavior and mis misbehavior and it's not misbehavior, but I mean this, these constant special assessments because we can't seem to get the management of this HOA under control, the management of the maintenance of these condos.


So are they old and they need roofs and you need parking lot and that's what's happened. That kind of stuff. No. So what what this one is, is they took, they're gonna take out a $1.2 million loan to fix the, the main objective of this particular project is to repair and replace the entryways to three of the buildings, do some siding, repairs, paint the buildings, and possibly some ground drain repairs. There's some landscaping issues, trees that need to be dealt with. Stuff like that. That's just phase phase one. There's, there's a another phase coming down the line of some other issues as well. It's unusual that a bank will loan to an HOA 'cause they don't have a li they don't have a lien.


I, I don't know anything about that works. That's pretty unusual. It's also unusual for an HOA to vote to go into debt. Now the special assessment's not unusual at all if there's deferred maintenance and problems like this. But it Doesn't sound like they had much in the reserves either. Yeah, they didn't have any reserves. So I. It has not been run well if that's the case. No. So no, no. Do you enjoy living here? Could you go live somewhere else and you're just as happy? I really like my place. I like the area I live in. I've been looking at other properties in other areas. There's, you know, I've kind of lived all over the kind of greater Portland area. And, I, you know, I, the where I'm at, I like, because I can get pretty much anywhere in, in no time at all.


But yeah, Here here's the problem, okay, they take out 1,000,002 loan and they don't collect all of the assessments. The million two loan's gonna get in trouble. Okay. And then you've got maintenance problems and trouble. I, I don't think I wanna stay here. The loan, the loan was a deal breaker for me. I was bad enough when you got two special assessments and a 40% increase in your fees and you don't feel like it's being run well. But now on top of that, they're not even gonna have the actual cash in hand to do the work. Which the special assessment should give them the cash over time if they would slow down just a little bit.


But somebody's running in there and jacking this thing around. Sounds like the management company is throwing their weight around a lot here. I you do what you wanna do. I'm hearing a lot of things make me nervous if I'm an owner in there. Well and that interest gets passed on to the owners. Exactly. And if they don't collect enough HOA fees, let's just say a bunch of the owners don't or can't pay, how are they gonna pay the bill? Mm, They gotta eat it or pass it on to the other owners. You're gonna end up with some kind of a lien on this property and it's not gonna be good. Whew. Yeah. I don don't like this scenario at all. Robert is in Charlotte. North. Carolina. Hey Robert, welcome to The. Ramsey Show.


Oh, before we do that, Robert, I tell you what, instead of that, I'm gonna do something James just told me to do. Forgot to tell you guys that the last 40 minutes of today's show and every show can be heard only on talk radio or on The Ramsey Network mobile app. It is completely free. You can listen to the whole show, watch the whole show on The Ramsey Network app. You can download it on the app store or Google Play. It's completely free. It's completely free. It's completely free. If you're listening on radio, it doesn't change a thing. You do whatever you do what you've always done. But those of you that are watching on YouTube or listening on a podcast, the last 40 minutes of the show is now available only on The, Ramsey, Network app. It's all free wherever you're doing it. So none of that changes. And you can jump over there pretty easy. A lot of people are just using the app now because they can send in emails to us. We try to answer those emails periodically. They can search the app for certain subjects. And so Dave, I got a call about an HOA that went up on my fees. All right. How many calls have we taken like that? A lot of 'em over the years. Search. HOA And so they'll be, they'll search in the HOA fees. There'll be some times that we've talked about that. A car lease or credit card debt or whatever you, you can find anything we've talked about. You can searchable by subject in The Ramsey Network app and The Ramsey Network app is blowing up as you might guess. 'cause you can get the last 40 minutes of today and every day. Only on the app. Did I mention that it's free. So go over there and check it out. It's very easy to do. Download the app onto your phone or whatever your listening device is. You can do again the app store, Google Play, whatever you need to do. And you'll be able to watch and or listen and or search and or email. Oh, and there's other stuff on there like maybe some audio book players and stuff like that's that's, there's pretty cool stuff On the show. Those audio books, it's all there. It's all Ramsey all the time. All Ramsey and Dave. Can I brag for a moment? Last week we were talking about the app And. I was telling about the search function. And I said don't search horse. And hundreds of people did it. And I was the, it was the number one search term in the app was Horse and So. I take credit for that. I'm not number one in a lot of things in this life, but you know, we had, people are searching retirement dead free. Scream baby steps, millionaire. But what one by a long shot was horse. You're welcome. I have absolutely no thoughts on that. Okay, we'll save that Offline. Don't know. There's things I could say that I shouldn't say. All I'm Saying is people are using the app and they're enjoying the search function. They're doing what George told them to do. Search horse. That's A win. I don't like to swing my power around Here. The time, like the time George told the woman to sell her horse. I, Okay, you know what? Yeah, There's that one that's on there. Two and it's free. I ask them to delete that and it should be free. This is The. Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Baa bing baa boom. Alright, I'm getting


outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.