
Live from Ramsey Solutions. This is at The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and fellow co-hosts of the Smart Money Happy Hour, George Kamel. Different Vibe on this show, but still fun. It's still fun. Yeah. We don't have a cocktail on this show, but we are answering your questions, America. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five and we'll help you out. And anything from your career, your money, your life, relationships, anything and everything. We're gonna start off this hour with Alex in Cleveland, Ohio. Hi Alex. Welcome to the show. Hi.


Thanks. How are you guys doing today? We're doing great. How can we help? Good. So I am 23 years old. I roughly have about 90,000 in debt. 47 of that is a car loan. My payment per month is $1,200. Mm. Okay. When I bought the car, I was making roughly 150 per year. Lost both those jobs and now I make about 60 per year. And just wondering, should I voluntarily surrender my car?


I really can't afford it anymore. With between rent and cost of living, I have 47 on the car, about 37 in student loans and 6,000 on credit cards. I did complete baby step number one, working on number two. My mom also mentioned that she thinks I should file for bankruptcy. I'm not sure if that's the best solution, but I just wanted to get your guys' thought on that. No, on the bankruptcy side, I'll just, I'll just say that. Yeah. First and foremost, we're Not there. We're not even close. So there's some, some good news for you. I think mom wants you to get a clean slate and she's kind of wanting you to just shortcut this and, and be free from the pain.


But there's better options here. And so let's talk about the car. Instead of a voluntary, you know, repo, could you sell it and come up with the mount your underwater on The car's? Only worth about 25. So Did you roll negative equity? I might be able to, but I I No, Did, did you? From a previous car, How do you owe 50 grand on the car's worth less than half of that. It, the ap the Perce interest on it is 25%. Oh my goodness. So when I bought the car, it was during Covid.


I needed a new car, didn't have much credit, and they would only approve me for a brand new car. I could not get approved for a used card. And you said, sure, 25% sounds good. That's reasonable. Let's go. I need this $50,000 car. Well, and when you're making one 50, this is the problem. You feel like, okay, well I can afford top of the world the payments and if I can afford the payment, everything's fine. And, and that's the backwards way of, of going into when it comes to buying a car. But that's what a lot of people do. I can afford the payment, so regardless of how much interest it is, I can afford it. And then life happens as you've experienced. Okay. Job wise.


Alex, what have you, what were you doing before? You said you had two jobs that you lost. What were those? I was a payroll manager for a IT company and then I was an assistant manager for every retail store. Okay. And what happened to those jobs? The retail store ended up closing down. Okay. And I wasn't able to get relocated and the IT firm also shut down. Oh, okay. So both companies closed. What are you doing now? I work in IT still on like the administrative side. Okay, okay. Single family kids? Yes, single.


Okay. Where, Where are you living? Cleveland. Okay. Are you living alone? Apartment renting Rent with a roommate? 1300. Split between the two of us. Okay, that's good. Okay. So yeah, I mean the getting the car out, do the 25,000 that it's worth. Where did you pull that number from? From a dealership or from a like Kelley Blue Book, Kelly Blue book and a couple other like just like browsing, seeing like what? Similar, But it's not trade-in value. That's private party value. Yes. Private party. Oh man. Yeah, Because the problem is you need to come up with a difference.


Even if you do a voluntary repossession, they're gonna sell it at auction for way less than it's even worth and you're still gonna owe the difference. Yeah, Exactly. So it doesn't really, it doesn't solve all of your problems to even do the voluntary repo. That's why we're trying to find another solution where you come up with a difference. I'd rather you be 25 grand in debt driving a beater than 47 grand in debt. Yeah. And that, that's, that's kind of my thought process to trust me. I know this was probably the worst financial decision I've ever made, but Yeah. At this I'd rather drive a hoopty at this point, you know, you know, drive The, are you able to keep current with your other bills? Alex, right now making 60?


Yes. This the Only one? Are you this, are you, this credit card debt is not ongoing to keep lights on and everything. No, I, I'm slowly paying that off, thankfully. Okay. I mean, honestly, Alex, if I were in your shoes, I mean, I would figure out a way. I mean, it's about 18 k for the difference of the car, and you're probably not gonna be able to get a loan for the difference. Well, You said you, you, you owe 47 on the car. 43, yes. Oh, 47. Oh, I wrote the 43 47. Yeah. Okay. So you're 20 2022 Under, so that, I mean, ideally we'd say, Hey, go to your local credit union, get a, a loan for the difference, maybe 25 grand and spend three of that on a beater car. But I don't know that they'd even grant you that loan at this point.


Have You tried? No, I haven't tried. I kind of wanted to search all my options beforehand. Sure. That's the, the least harmful of the options is to go to a credit union and see if you can get the difference in a loan and maybe a little bit more in order to get a beater car, get rid of this payment, and then you'll be climbing your way outta this. And then hopefully in the meantime we can get your income back up to six figures. Well, that 'cause clearly you're skilled enough and you're willing to do the work. Yeah, For sure. Yeah. If you can get that 60 up for a full-time job and find something 75 or 80 Right. In like a perfect world. And then the side hustle is what, I mean, that's what I would be doing, Alex. And I'm like, if you can make God, I mean, you'd have to make th 3000 extra a month.


I mean, I'm, I'm trying to do the math of how to do this within a year to get to even save the amount for the difference. Right. So best bets, yeah. You can take a loan for the difference. And like George said earlier, a a local credit union's gonna be your best bet versus a bank. They're the ones that are probably actually gonna sit down with you and run more numbers and look. But so that would be my first option. And then if not, that's probably what I would do. I would probably try to get out of this car before anything else. Even before the It solves half your problems. Yeah. Yeah. If you can get out of that and then now the second half, at least that's bearable and you can climb outta that pretty quickly. Even making what you make, it's, it's a solvable problem.


But I do think income's the biggest part. And then your lifestyle's gonna have to get cut down to nothing for probably the next 18 months. Yeah. And so this is hundred no eating out. This is, Hey, the roommate wants to, sorry, I can't hang out. I'm working three jobs. It's, it's not gonna be a fun journey. But the good news is you're young enough that you have lot of time to make up for this. Oh yeah. Yeah. And so all hope is not lost. You don't need to go file for bankruptcy For sure. George, would you, if you were him, would you save the 25001st, get the car out and then do the debt snowball? Or would you start ideally? I know, I just don't know how quickly he's gonna save up 25 fast. That is Because I do wonder, Alex too, if you got, if you paid off the six credit cards and did just the traditional debt snowball, how much payments monthly will be freed up because those are paid off.


So even just working down the debt snowball, but knowing you have a freaking $1,200 car payment till you get to it to pay off is not fun. But in the meantime, I almost would just work the debt snowball till you get there. But yeah, thanks for the call, Alex. Good luck to you. We learned from our mistakes, George. We learn from our mistakes.


Listen, people, what you call organized chaos is still chaos this year. Build some room in your budget to get your life really organized. One tool that I recommend is a Knock Box, as in next of kin Knock Box is a complete system that helps you organize important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place. The 15 categories in your Knock Box cover everything from health history and investments to your ancestry and even collectibles. So cut the clutter with a Knock Box, start getting organized today and receive an exclusive discount at Knock Box dot com slash RAMSEY. That's n ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. If you have jobs like us out into the, into the internet, one of the things that you know is just kind of a known thing, you just don't read the comments. You just kind of let people feel what they're feeling and you just move on about your life. But George, on the other hand, reads all the comments. I live for the comments. George is always in the comments. There's, I gotta find my joy somewhere. And the comment section is so entertaining to me And we keep getting a consistent comment Here. It is a lot. Where's Dave? Question mark. Question mark. Question mark. Question mark. One question mark would suffice. Okay. Yes, but so can you clear the Air? Yes. Dave is okay. Dave is fine. Dave is living like no one else. He's in Cabo, Wabo mode, Dave.


And they, they are, I, I mean, you know, I don't know George, he's left us to run the ship. The grandparents are, they're gone. You know, the, the kids are asking where they are and you know, they're just, I didn't Think about that. George children are like, they're Quin pat. They're just living it up. Which good for them, good for them. So if all of you wanna know, he is totally Fine. He's alive. This is not a weekend at Bernie situation's Actually doing great. And yeah, George, we we have to fill the show. The, the shoes He's thriving of the goat. Let me just tell you. Yeah. So no, he will be back. We promise He is better than he deserves right now. Yeah. He, he's tanning happy.


He's doing Great. That golf swings really looking good. Alright, we're next. We're gonna go to Tammy in Milwaukee. Hey Tammy. Welcome to the show. Hi guys. Thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. I, I am 34 and I have had a couple of houses. I went through a nasty divorce a couple of years ago, bought a house, sold it and bought this one. And this is where I'm in a little bit of trouble. I bought this house debt free, so I had a paid off car. I did put 20% down. Oh wow.


Great. So I thought it was in good shape. Yeah. Until one thing after another kind of broke and I was fixing things. And now that I've been watching you guys for the last six months, I know that I should not have taken this large of a mortgage because it's about half of my income. Take home pay. Yes. Oh yeah. So what do you make and what's the mortgage? Sure. So I have a few jobs now. So my first income is about 4,000 a month. That's my primary job. And I see that keep going up and I'm trying to get promotions and, and doing well.


And then I also bartend on the side, so that helps. And then I'm about to start doing taxes on the side. So coming up here, I'll hopefully Okay. How much do you make bartending a month, would you say? About 400. 500. I try to be conservative with that number A month. Okay. Yeah. Okay, perfect. And what's your mortgage payment every month? 2000. All right. Got it. Okay. So how, how can we best help you today? I am wondering if I should sell my house because it is a lot. Yeah. Or if I just keep hustling.


'cause what it, what it did was it put me into debt. I was also paying for school and I made the mistake of putting that on my credit card. Mm. How much other debt do you have? So 37,000. Okay. Is that all credit cards is A credit card, One is a personal loan and the rest is credit card. Okay. I mean, yes, Tammy, the only reason I would say and kind of get to that answer pretty quickly with the house is that you would have to basically double your income for this to make sense. And you, you are saying that you see your income going up. But what I would want is the side hustle income, not be part of the equation for your mortgage because I wanna get you to a point in your financial journey that you're not having to make, have a side hustle to keep your mortgage.


Right. It's not sustainable. Yeah. You want just like Yeah. Your regular income to be able to support your main four walls and, and more. So tell me, how long have you been in the house? I just hit two years last summer. Okay. So I'm, I'm good on the capital gain side. Yeah. Okay. How, how much do you owe on it and what could you sell it for? I owe 2 75 and I think I could probably get four 10. Four 10? Yeah. Oh Wow. It went up a lot in two years. It, it did. I live in a crazy area.


Okay. I'm more in the suburbs. Yeah. But it, it definitely did. And I put a lot down and I think that might have been another No, that's true. That's fair. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. That's fair. So If you sold it after fees, you would net probably 110,000 or so, maybe 120 if you're lucky. Yeah, I kind of, I kind of assumed it'd be around that hundred. Okay. Because of realtor fees. Okay. And then you could then pay off your 37,000 in debt, leaving you with another 60 plus to then begin a new down payment fund while You rent you guys, did you have kids, Tammy, when you divorced or is or no kids? No. Okay. So it's just you. It's Just me and a dog. Okay. No, that's great. So yeah, I mean honestly Tammy, you know, our goal when, at least when I'm giving this advice and George would, would be the same, is it's ultimately leading you to have a level of control over your money that ultimately then gives you peace.


That's what we want, right? I mean if you build wealth and do all of this, that's later in the baby steps. And that is so doable for people. But the biggest component here is peace. And Tammy, I don't feel like you have a lot of peace when half your income is going to just the mortgage and you have $37,000 of other debt that you're having to pay and you're having to keep up the house. I mean, there's just not, it doesn't sound like a lot of peace. Would that be true? Yeah. I mean I've paid off like 5,000 in the last six months ever since. Follow your baby steps. Oh great. Which is great, But I don't know if it's enough. Right, Right. So, and I don't wanna work 80 hours a week. Yes, Totally. I understand Totally at that pace. It's gonna take you another 40 months to get rid of the debt you took on, on top of covering your mortgage, which is already consuming a lot of your take home pay.


So I can feel the stress of all of that. Yes. So Making Things worse. So what, yeah, so I think like a, a good goal to shoot for Tammy is I probably would, I would sell the house, I would use some of that money to pay off your debt. I would use some of it for an emergency fund and then I would quickly get back into a house or into real estate in general. 'cause I don't, I think you can put yourself in a position where you're not a renter forever, but it may even look like a town home or a condo or something. Right. It may not be even a single family home. Or if it is, it's smaller and it's way more doable. 'cause I do think, you know, prices with homes, they continue to go up. So I don't want people on the sideline for too long. But a move like this, I think will open up so much margin for you and you'll be able to have kind of a clear head to go and purchase something again.


'cause I do think you'll be in a position soon to buy something. Yeah. It's not quitting on home ownership, it's just getting your head above water to do it with a little more peace on the next go around. 'cause this just feels like, I mean, I I, you can give it six months and see if you can get your income way up, like Rachel said before you sell. It's not like an on fire sell today, but it just feels like if there's no end in sight where this is gonna get easier and you're gonna continue to go into debt, then I think the writing's on the wall that it's wise to sell. Yeah. And then I'll follow your, your plan of 21st 5% of my income. That would be nice. That's right. That's right. I Know, again, it's not a fundamental, you gotta do 20, it's just that when it's 50% life is hard. When it's 20, 25%. Yeah. You always Have margin.


Yeah. I mean, if it was a thousand dollars right now Right. Compared to your income, that changes. I mean, that's a thousand dollars freed up right there. And if you, you know, work hard and bartend and maybe do double what you're doing, that's $2,000 coming in extra a month to pay off this other debt. Right. It just kind of ends up working so much more in your favor in that way. Is there a growth plan for you to make 5, 6, 7 grand a month in your current role? That's complicated. Our, our company's going through a lot of changes, so I'm not sure. Well, is it time to look for another company? I, I have started looking. I I'm a loyalist, so we'll see.


But I, maybe it is time. Maybe I need to dig into that further. I mean, for your, for your skill sets, would you say you could ROI better out in, in somewhere else and you're staying 'cause you love this company? Or do you think No, like, I'm worth this amount even if I transferred to another company? No, I just graduated. So I think I could leverage that. Okay. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Tammy, it feels like there's some big moves coming up Yeah. In the future. Which is all positive though. That's it. I'm like, it's, it's freeing you up more and more, giving you more peace and control and, and I think it's gonna be an incredible thing. I really do. Yeah. Renting is not a waste of money if it's gonna buy you peace. That's right. Priceless. For, for a period of time. For sure.


And then you can save up and Yep. For a down payment on your next property and you just keep that ball rolling. Thanks for the call Tammy. This is The Ramsey Show.


Self-defense can be a complicated issue, but there's one solution that makes it a lot easier. A burna launcher burners look like firearms, but they're not. They're non-lethal self-defense tools. They shoot chemical irritant projectiles that stop a threat in its tracks without the fatal consequences of a gun burner. Launchers have been vetted by government agencies, police forces, and private security agencies worldwide. And no permits or background checks are required to buy or own. One plus burners are lightweight, easy to carry and give you the power to protect yourself and your family even if you're not comfortable with traditional firearms. Not to mention they have more than 15,005 star reviews. And right now RAMSEY fans can get 10% off and exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave.


Well one way to take control of your money and honestly get the most out of your paycheck is by creating and sticking to a monthly budget. And EveryDollar is the best budgeting app to do that because you're able to build out your budget, track your expenses, say for what matters most, plan your spending, all of it. And it's a really easy to use app that fits in your busy. It's right there on your phone and if you're married, your spouse can have the same account. So you guys, as you make changes, it shows up on both and you just get this pulse of where your money's going and gives you that level of control and to hit the goals that you, that you want. So you can download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play or click the link in the show notes or the link down below if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


Alright George, we had a Smart Money Happy Hour episode. You know, we have some that just you can tell have hit a nerve with the world in a good way. And we did one recently things that scream, I'm pretending to be upper class. Mm. Because living a higher lifestyle than maybe what you can afford keeps you broke. I mean, when you are living beyond your means and trying to, in a way kinda keep up with what everyone else is doing, will constantly lead you back to this idea of spending money that you don't need to spend. And sometimes you're spending money, you don't even have to keep up this lifestyle. And you talk about comparisons a lot. So this segment hopefully will help you fight those comparisons and FOMO you feel amongst your friends.


So here's some signs, some things that your friends may be doing. People out there on Instagram that may show they're faking their upper class status. Number one, flashy designer. Logos. This is a big one. Most luxury items like a cashmere sweater, never have logos all over them. We've talked about stealth wealth. Yes. And Smart Money. Happy Hour. It's a new trend. It's called quiet luxury, stealth wealth. People that are actually really wealthy. You won't really know it. They don't really have all the flashy stuff that you just look at and you know exactly. Oh, that hat, that jacket, those shoes. Like, you know exactly where everything's from. A lot kind of go into the radar. It's If you know, you know, If you know, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Secret Society. Yeah. It's kind of that. That's like the new vibe, which is great.


I think that's great. So yeah, that's number one. Number two is ordering expensive wine. Whenever everyone knows that you're on a beer budget. Ooh, hey, some of these beers now are crazy expensive. But yes, the, the wine does that one feels like a rip off to me personally. You know this, my steaks, I do know this. I'll not order wine in a restaurant think, but if someone else buys a bottle, hey I'm happy to, to share. Oh, I'm Sure you are. I'll chip in, take a glass. Yeah. From someone. Glasses of wine and cocktails can go for $20 a pop versus a beer. Or even better just a water. What happened to just drinking water with a meal? Why do we gotta add more calories to the mix And more money. And more money? See that's not fun though. I do like an appetizer and a, I'll just have a water.


Rachel's like, I'll have three Appetizers. Let's try a bunch of I do. I love going out too. Rachel Lives A little. I do, I do. Number three is talking about money too much. Ooh. So it's like, oh, I'm leveraging this debt for The get rental Property for all this real estate. This is, I think those are like some of the funniest Instagram reels that come up on my feed sometimes where people are like, I'm $6.2 million in debt and we are loving it and it's like showing all their vbo s that they've bought in debt, all this stuff. And you're just like, oh no, no, It's exhausting not that. And then you've got the crypto bros who are very loud right now because crypto is worth $14 billion, you know, for the moment.


And so all these people talking loudly about money is usually a red flag to me. Yeah. They're trying. Maybe they don't actually have a lot. Yep. Next is flaunting wealth on social media. Ooh. So this is an interesting one because I do think you can like use vacations for an example. You could see somebody at the same destination on social media, but the way they present themselves, again, kind of back to that self wealth of like, oh yeah, we're just like, maybe I'm showing you some of the stuff, but it's more of what we're doing. Or like, you know, the kids and the poor, I don't know, whatever. And then there's those that are like, oh no, I'm gonna take you around the suite that we Oh yeah. Have rented for the week. You know, or we, you know, we're gonna, it, it feels, it just feels like, I want to show you this amazing life that I live.


And that's, And then the kicker, they're like, and by the way, it was totally free with their credit card points. Sign up for my course if you wanna. I'm like, oh my gosh, get outta here. It's true, it's True. Get out of town. Here's another one. Leasing luxury cars. Oh Yes. If you're a dude and you've ever posed in front of any vehicle, it's a hard no for me. You, your dad didn't hug you enough. And I'm sorry, that's just the truth. But this is a status symbol that's usually draining their wallet. We just took a call earlier. It is guy's got a $1,200 car payment. Yeah. He may look like he's driving great when you see him, but behind the scenes not doing so well. And leasing cars. You know the number one city, I read this somewhere, so don't, I don't want everyone in Dallas to save me the number one city did that of leased cars.


Dallas, Dallas, Dallas, Texas. That makes sense. Number one. So A lot of young bros who are doing well for themselves I guess Got those beam, you know, and you're always leasing like a Beamer Mercedes. It's always like a, I want, it's a nice car. Where, Where are the guys who are leasing like the Honda Civic, you know, fair A used Honda. Does that exist? No, I don't think so. I don't think they make money off that George. Okay. And then number six over accessorizing. Flashy nails, expensive watches, loud hair or loud, loud hair slash makeup is what's on there. Meaning just, I don't know, just a lot. Yeah, no, and this, you know, obviously the watches leans more the dudes, but the women, the flashy nails of loud hair and makeup, we could tone it down, you know.


I Know, but here's my For accessorizing with this, There's a limit. I know. Here's my thing with this though is I mean I do that. I get my nails done. I well you Follow a lot like the influencer moms and some of them are very sweet and authentic and being themselves. And then some fall into the category of this is a lot. Yeah. You're trying to portray a certain life. I would Agree with that. Like they wake up and they have full makeup. I'm like, and isn't it, who's believing this? This isn't real. This isn't real. So yeah. So all of these things, you know, can again scream, I'm pretending to be upper class. So here's the thing, you guys not to be faking upper class. How do we get there and be wise? 'cause again, none of these things in of themselves, I wouldn't say, right, if you like order wine at dinner, if you do have a nice designer person, like none of these things in of them themselves are bad.


But when it becomes your whole persona and it's the only thing you're shooting for in life and again that you will put yourself in a financial position that's not wise in order to achieve these things. Like that's where the caution flight, the caution lights Come on. And if you're doing it with debt, it is a facade. It is a house of cards. You're artificially propping this up. So here's my, you can tweet this if you're listening out there, whatever it is called or whatever platform you're on, whatever free speech platform you choose. Oh my gosh, here it is. Rachel, are you ready for this? Can't wait. If You Live Fake Rich, you'll become real broke. Eventually you will be calling the show and life was great and now something happened and you're going, I'm in a real pickle because of my financial decisions. Yes. It's the house of cards And So we just don't want that for you. Yep. Let it be real.


And yeah, doing things again, doing a budget, living within your means. Saving up for an emergency fund, getting out of debt so you free up payments so that you can actually use your money to give, to invest, to buy a house that's actually, you know, reasonable for your income. You know, you're doing all these things and again, they're not, it's not gonna be like this flashy, beautiful, wonderful lifestyle 24 7. It's not gonna look like that. But there's gonna be this steadiness and this like firmness of a foundation under you and it's not all just like shaky and built on other people's money. That's Right. Normalize the 10-year-old used minivan. That's Practical. Yes. It's an amen. Yes It paid for car. That's the real Flex. I, okay, so let, yeah, so the minivan and everyone knows I love my minivan.


We know your feelings about minivans. Yes, I do love, I love my minivan. I think it's great. It is wonderful. But I will say the plastic on the side of the seats have popped off. Oh, so two now are So when you get in my van, there's like wires and have Your kids been vandalizing this vehicle? I feel like that's a personal problem. I don't think that's on Honda. You know what I mean? We can't blame the good people at Honda for that. I know, but I'm like, oh my gosh, this like, yeah, I'm blaming Chuck Cruz. He's been working out too much, just ripping pieces of this van apart. Oh but it's, you know, but it's paid for. That's what matters. That's what's great. Less stressful. You know what? I hit my garage the other day. Big old scrape on my car.


But you know what I said, eh, it's 12 years old, it's fine. Who am I trying to impress? Rachel Cruz. She's not impressed. What am I trying to do here with your Life Sonia? There's a big old scrape in my car. So Good because I hit my garage. All right, if you are watching on YouTube, comment below because we wanna know some of your, you know, things that you see out and you're like, huh, are these people trying to trying to be upper class and they're not? You know, is it? Yeah, we'll share your stories, The lifestyle, fake what you found that's out there. And I would say a good bit of it's probably on social media. Can we be honest with that? It helps to just get off of there. I realize I stopped caring what other people think when I'm not looking for reasons to be angry and upset and jealous and envious.


Just get off and live your life. George Could all be as wise and as disciplined as you. I'm The most humble guy. You know, it's All of it. But you can check out our Smart Money Happy Hour episode as well on YouTube and podcasts where we dive into this conversation even more. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's A gut punch For decades, Dave. I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying I love you to your family. Term life insurance, Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


The Employee Benefit Research Institute recently did a study asking people really have a million or asking how many people really have a million dollars safe for retirement. And according to the research, only 3.2 Fi two, I'm sorry, 3.2% of Americans have a million dollars or more. And their tax advantage accounts like a 401k or an individual retirement account. An IRA 58% of Americans have less than $10,000 saved in their retirement. So as a RAMSEY show listener, the question is, are you staying on track with the baby steps to reach your financial goal? If you wanna know that, to make sure to take our quick quiz to check your progress and received a personalized plan that's just for you.


So you can head to the show notes and click the link titled Are You On Track With the Baby Steps and complete the quiz for free. Alright, let's go to the phones and let's talk to Lee in San Antonio. Hi Lee, welcome to the show. Hi, how are y'all today? We're doing great. How can we help? So I have a question. I just got turned onto your show about a month ago and I've become an addict and I kind of learned about the baby steps several years ago from a friend of mine and it really burned a hole in me. So just this week I paid off my vehicle. Woo. Paid off. Amazing. All my personal loan except for my house. Oh my gosh, Lee.


Well done. Do you have all this money sitting around and you just weren't willing to part with it? Well, yeah, kind of. Okay. Paid off all the credit card student loan. I took a lot of extra gigs as a, a contract nurse and stuff. So during all Of it. Wow, awesome. That's a big step. You're really, you drank the Kool-Aid way to go. I did, I did. So my question, I, I am married, we've been married for 30 years. My husband is terrible with money. He has almost put us in the poor house three times. So about when I got turned onto this a couple years ago, we, I've separated our finances completely because you know, you give him a debit card, he has money. If he had checks, he had money. So we, we have never agreed on money.


He doesn't make as much as I do, but he is definitely not hurting as far as that. I his credit sucks. He can't go anywhere. Sorry for the word. You're good. We've, I found That he, so he, he, I just found out that he did put all his stuff into like one of those credit consumer people. He didn't talk to me about it. So when I was out on, I've always done our income tax. When I was out on the Covid run he did one income tax return and he forgot to tell me he had spent or took money out of his 401k. So anyway, that's a $9,000 bill. I told him he has to pay it because that was his mistake.


He didn't say anything about it, he didn't report it and now he gets to pay it. So going back a couple weeks, I was listening on one to Ram to your show and I heard, I know I heard y'all talk about the bitcoin and all sell it, whatever, but I do remember him mentioning something and I haven't been able to find the show about if you had stock like SQL stock. So when I worked in the hospital I used to buy stock from them and it wasn't much. But when I checked on it the other day it's worth 35 grand. Oh wow. My question is do I want to sell it and then pay some of that I RS because I'm in Texas so everything's community property here. I owe half if he defuncts or do I take that money and do a Roth IRA for last year and then put the rest into my six month emergency fund or should I just leave it and let it go still?


Okay, so you have the $35,000, the tax bills, how much on in your husband's name? Nine grand. Nine. That's not both our names, but it was his mistake because he took the money out of his 401k and got The tax and penalties and all of that. Yep. Yeah. What did he use that money for? And he Didn't report it. I was gone. So you have no idea what What he spent it on. Does he have an addiction? He Frivolous. He likes to cook. He likes to buy junk. People don't rob their 401k to to buy junk. Well I cut him off from my stuff. Like I said, if I, he buys junk, believe me, he likes clothes, he likes junk. He, He, he does. Okay. So what's the total debt?


Is it just the 9,000 or is there more where this came from? Well his, that I know of that I'm on is the 9,000. I don't, he did not tell me how much he has put into the, yeah, into the com that thing. Okay. Those are his credit cards. Whatever. He is not on mine. He is not, the house is in my name, my car was in my name. Everything's in my name. Okay. That I am. So from that, from a practical standpoint, Lee, I would probably pay it off because it's, it's in your name. I mean it's yeah for you guys, which sucks that it's his mistake and I say sucks that it's his mistake because of the way you guys have been living. Yeah. But I, so I would do that. I would Do you have money saved or are you on baby step one because you're, Well my net worth, no, my net worth I already have, I have my, I have my thousand dollars in a separate account.


I have paid all my accounts off and I, my, my net worth with all my IRAs and investments 'cause I put money and investments when I was doing the covid thing also and paying off loans and all. So my net worth according to my Quicken account or whatever that is or my whatever was on my computer. 'cause I'm not a really good money savvy person is about 670,000 Way to go. That's great. My house only owns, I only owe 172 on my house right now. Okay. Okay. And so You've Been doing the solo essentially you're just like whatever you do you I'm gonna manage my money and not go into debt and get my goals and Yes. You're not dragging me down. Yeah. So the question to if you sell and the stock is in what again?


It's in a hospital stock in a big corporate there with The hospital. Okay. Yeah, I mean I, So when I bought it years ago it was only like, you know, from payroll deduction and I've just kind of like left it on the back burner. Sure, yeah. And, and it's grown wasn like 25, 50, 50 bucks when I bought it and now it's worth like 300, I mean it's $35,000. Yeah, that's what I found out. That's amazing. So You'll probably, what's your you, do you file single or married filing jointly at this point? Oh we still do married filing jointly just because it's cheaper That way. Okay. And what was your income last year? Last year was 94, but this year I got above and it's 97. Okay. So it'll likely fall into like a 15% capital gains tax on those stocks since you've owned them for longer than a year.


It's gonna be long-term capital gains tax and it'll likely be 15%. I would talk to your tax pro about what that number would actually would turn into. 'cause you'll need to have that, you know, be able to pay the taxes on that come tax time. But I would definitely sell these stocks, pay off that 9,000 and then fully fund your emergency fund And then be putting the rest in your four, in your Roth 401k or I'm sorry, your Roth IRA that you were saying and just be putting the, well, because I just found out this is because I just found out yesterday when I called my HR benefits and stuff. We do have Roth IRAs available here at my job. You Mean a Roth 4 0 1. Okay. I have just 401k, I'm sorry. Yes, yes. Right. Okay. We have that so bu yeah, so that and your Roth IRA are gonna be your friends because the great thing is, is when you take the money out, like versus this stock where you're having to pay capital gains, you wouldn't pay anything and you could just cash it out and it would be all 35,000 of yours.


But the Only difference is you won't get the tax deduction come tax time because it's on the Roth side. Yeah, that's right. But that's worth it because of how much, how much you're gonna be making in interest over time. So I would do that and then, and then Lee, I mean the, that's That's the, so should I put it into this year's ir like if, go ahead and put it in like if I sell it, I get it before I file my income taxes, put that into the seven, like 7,000 into my IRA for last year's and then I could worry about the taxes on the long term capital gains for this year. Yeah, I mean that's, that's one way to do it before tax time. You can fund last year's, you know, Roth IRA and HSA and all that stuff. So that would be, that'd be a good thing to do. Just make sure and then make sure you have your fully funded emergency funds set up before that.


Yeah. And if you have enough you can fund the rest in that I RA. Yeah, but the bigger glaring issue here is this marriage. I know is the, I know that's, It's like the elephant in the room. How long have you guys been married? Well, 30 years. Okay. So I did talk, I did talk to an attorney and basically he was like, it's cheaper to keep him. So, Because you know you're gonna have have to split your assets and all that front Everything. Yes. I also want to think about your, the quality of your life and not just about the dollar signs, but I'm just, I just feel for you, I mean has it been 30 years of This? Yeah, I mean the way he handles money and the way he approaches money Yes. Is the same as how he approaches life, correct?


Yes. I mean he's very, I mean he's not a, I I don't even know how to say it. It's, he's an oxymoron on his whole world. I mean he's so the kids need him for something. He's there he is. Never been not there. Yeah, we he did have an infidelity issue years ago. I don't think that a problem. It hasn't been a problem anymore, but, Okay. Well I would, I would say this Lee too, just for the, the wholeness of who you are as a person, what George is saying is, you know, making sure that you, that you're a whole person and how you can do that best, you know, is is your decision for sure. But, but I would keep my money separate at this point 'cause he is not proven otherwise and I don't trust him. So I hope that helps Lee and good luck to you.


Well done on all the progress thanks to all the guys in the booth and Kelly lady are there. Oh yeah Taylor, we got some ladies in the booth And you George. It's a great co-host. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, this is Jade Warshaw. Listen, I get it. The student loan situation is bananas but it's time to make progress, not excuses. So if your payment and interest rate have you treading water refinancing could be the solution for you. Look, if I were in your shoes, I would contact Laurel Road today and get a free 30 minute consultation. You'll work with a student loan expert and you'll go over your refinancing options. Hey, for refinancing to make sense, you've gotta check certain boxes like making a good income. And bottom line Ramsey's advice is that you only refinance if you can get a lower rate or a shorter term. Remember the point is to pay off debt faster. Maybe you just need to keep rocking the debt snowball. But if refinancing does make sense for you, Laurel Road offers low competitive rates and interest rate discounts are available for stuff like autopay. Listen, you can't mess around with student loans. If you want them gone, you gotta go hard. So go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY to find out more and schedule your free 30 minute consultation. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association


Live from Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend, bestselling author and co-host of our other podcast, Smart Money Happy Hour. And George Campbell, that's you. That's me. I didn't introduce you, I just gave you all the titles. I appreciate That. I'll take the accolades, you don't need to mention my name. And we are answering your questions this hour at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. And to start us off, we have Dustin in Palm Springs, California. Very nice area. Hey Dustin, welcome to the show. Hey, thank you. So my wife and I we're in our mid thirties and we are so close to baby step seven.


We can feel it but we have one small hurdle that we gotta jump over to get there and differing opinions kind of on how to resolve it and hoping to get some advice and maybe you guys can break a tie for us. Perfect. Can't wait. What is it? What's going on? Yep. Alright, so we've knocked out all of our debt using the baby steps. We paid off about $350,000 worth over about two and a half years. Wow. Three $50,000 you guys paid off? Yeah, well, well not all paid off. We sold stuff. I mean we had everything under the sun. Wow. Well done. Automobiles and campers and I don't even like camping so. So all we have left now is our primary home and we do have a vacation home and what we want to do is sell our primary home and move into the vacation home, which we like better anyways.


And basically the net proceeds from selling our main house will pay off our vacation home, which will become our primary residence. Wow, great. The Problem y Yeah, So we're ready to go. The problem is I bought the vacation home prior to our marriage and I unfortunately bought it from a friend. He's carrying the note and when I kind of brought up to him, you know, excited that hey I'm gonna have a big, big check for you, he kind of pushed back and you know, he's kind of saying he wants to spread his capital gains tax over the 10 year note that we'd agreed upon at the 4% interest rate and kind of just, you know, park his money in that investment. So my question is how do I, how do I do this? I don't wanna burn a friendship. My wife wants me to just slap a check on his desk, but she doesn't have to play golf with him on Saturday morning.


So I don't, I'm not really sure how to approach this conversation without, you know, So he basically ruining a friendship kind of thing? Yeah. So he basically kept the mortgage in his name and you just pay him the mortgage payment and he pays for it? No, we did it all legit. We went through a title and escrow company and we drafted up a purchase agreement and basically it's, it's just a loan from him basically, you know, I did a 20% down payment with him and I do pay him, you know, basically as the bank. But I am on the title of the deed, all that stuff. Okay, okay. So you're, so it is your home Type, Correct? I mean yeah, it's your home and he's just the bank is what that is Seller financing? Yes.


Cor correct. And I wish I didn't do this because now I'm in this situation. But yeah, basically when I brought up to him that, you know, you know, I owe him about 500,000 and you know, I have the ability, well will once we sell this primary home to pay him off. But he just doesn't sound very excited about it. He wants to just go per the terms of our agreement, pay it off over 10 years so he can, you know, expense that capital gains over the 10 years rather than all at wants. Has He actually talked to a tax pro to see if this loan or payment counts as income? Well he said that was for, yeah, so, well it, it does 'cause he has to pay tax on the interest portion of it I think. And then, you know, on the principal he is, you know, it's capital gains rate I believe. 'cause it was paid off, you know, for him. He, yes.


So to answer your question, yes, he said he talked to his CPA and basically if I pay it off, he will have to pay capital gains on the proceeds. Yes. Is there anything in the contract that you signed with him that would prohibit you from just paying it off? And that's the issue. There's not it, I've read over it a hundred times and it's like legally and, and all that I can, you know, go pay it off. Yeah. So Boohoo friends, I, I'm, here's Here're 500,000, I have to pay taxes on it. Did he not make money off of this? Did he not benefit from this whole thing? No. Yeah, he's gonna make a lot of money off of it. You know, he bought it 25 years ago, so he is gonna make quite a bit. I I, I guess my worry is that I'm either gonna upset my wife or my friend.


Right. Because it's like she wants to have, or Your life, Dustin or your life, you guys have freaking paid off $350,000 in debt. Like you guys are on a plan together for your life and you did this side deal with a friend and your life has changed and your priorities and your goals have changed. And so, sorry friend, it's not like you're putting your friend into debt. Boohoo, he gets $500,000 and he is gonna have to pay some taxes on it. He can Wipe his tears with a hundred dollars bills. Like, Sorry dude. Right. And and I'm being very insensitive. If I were you I would feel much worse. 'cause it is a good friend. I get, I just, I don't have a lot of empathy for the Friend, but I just, I, I mean, yeah, Dustin, like the writing's on the wall. You have to do what's best for you and your family. It'd be very unwise to make an unwise financial decision for you and your family because of the feelings of a friend.


And so I guess that's, that's, it's gonna be a hard conversation I need to have with him and say, listen, this is our Hundred percent and I think you can give him some time and say, Hey, I'm not doing this tomorrow. You know, our goal is to do this in 12 months or whatever the goal is for you guys when you sell your primary home. All of that. Like, if you can kind of map out a timeline, give him some time and space and just say, Hey, yeah, this isn't happening tomorrow, but it will be happening in the next year. And I looked over the agreement that we signed and, and I'm sorry, I know it's not ideal in your situation, but like this is, this is our values and our priorities with our families to be completely debt free and, and, and yeah, this is what we're, we're deciding to do. And again, destiny, you're not like completely screwing the guy.


Like it's, you know what I mean, You're not, you know, I'm not paying you the, the debt back. Yeah, sorry. Like Yeah, that Because he's a little older and that was part of it too is he's like, well, you know, and he gave me a great interest rate at 4%. He's like, well, you know, I can kind of guarantee to make my 4% of that money where, and, and like I say, he is a little older in reality, he can just go park that in a high yield and make that Exactly, that looks kind the point I was trying to bring up to him. And he, he just, he'll, I, he just didn't seem jazzed about it. And it, it put me in a weird situation where I'm like, man, I don't wanna like burn a friendship with a guy that I, you know, I've had a long friendship with. But at the same time it's not matching up with the Goals that Well, and I'll be honest too, if you're a friend, I'm like trying to put myself in his position, right? If I ever was in that deal and I had a young guy come to me and be like, you know, oh my gosh, we're able to get out this deal because, because we have the cash.


We have the money. We're so excited we're gonna be debt free. Like you would hope that it doesn't burn a friendship that in fact he happy for him, he celebrates with you and you know what I mean? Which I know like this way of thinking is different. To celebrate being debt free, Free and be thankful a friend paid me back, which is very rare in today's world. And the other thing, Dustin, is that when he loaned you this money, the relationship already changed. True. It turned into a business partnership transaction and it moved away from friendship. And so this is what happens with friendship. So the truth is, if you pay it off and he decides to not be your friend, was he really your friend? Yes, George. He, you know what I mean? Sure. There's a piece, piece of it though. It's, I know what you're saying. Like I know what you're saying. It changes the relationship. I've Never burn a friendship over them paying me back. That's right.


Like, yeah. Yeah. That's it. So like, that's what I'm saying. If he really, Dustin is not your friend anymore after this, then like, to George's point, then he's looking to make money off of, you know what I mean? Like it's, it feels weird if he, if he is gonna cut ties with you as a friend because of this move. That's weird. Yeah, that would be weird. And I don't think that would happen. It's just, I guess I'm, you know, I, I hate to even say this. I guess I'm kind of just being a sissy about having the conversation because of the vibe I got when I brought it up, you know, a couple times over. And I'm, I even told, you know, my thought was just, let's just park our money that we make from the primary home in a, in a high yield and just pay him off. And then I kind of, you know, we're quote unquote, we feel debt free ish. 'cause the money's there, but you're not.


But my wife says, you know, she's so excited because we did so good on the first, you know, six steps, call it that she's ready to just finish, quote unquote finish the journey and be done. Yes. My Listen to your wife Dustin, her vote counts 1000 times more than any of my friends. Yeah. And I Love my friends. And you have a little bit of that people pleaser in you, Dustin. I hear it. And so, yeah, this is, this is grownup stuff. And be a man, suck it up and talk to him. And again, if he is weird after this because of this whole thing, like that's a, that's a weird guy. Anyway. Bizarre. I'm gonna add this to, that's so bizarre. One more reason to not borrow money from friends. That's the new book And family. Yes. All of It. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey everyone, listen, we all have stories. The family and cultural stories that we were born into, the stories of the things that have happened to us, both the good stuff and the challenging stuff. And we have those stories that we constantly tell ourselves. And none of us can go back and change any of our old stories, but the world is waiting to see what each of us is gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new stories that you're gonna write. And I'm not talking about making goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life and the lives of those you love for the better forever. And if you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories and heal from them and begin writing new ones. If you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy and you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


I still remember 10 years ago, 23 years old, I was frustrated, anxious, and flat broke. I had followed all the ways that toxic money culture had led me down from well-meaning parents and misguided guidance counselors. And it left me with a pile of debt. But I'm telling you it doesn't have to stay that way over a decade. I went from Broke to Millionaire and I break it all down in my new book, breaking Free From Broke, I'm gonna show you just how toxic this money system is and how you can break free from credit scores and credit cards and student loans and auto loans and investing traps. And finally live a life that you're not exhausted by a life with more margin, more options, and more peace. If you wanna check out the book, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to get your copy of breaking free from Broke. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Up next we have Ethan. Oh, we have Mike, sorry, Mike in Asheville, North Carolina. Hi Mike, welcome to the show. Hey, how y'all doing? I got a good for you. Okay, perfect. So, So we covid hit, we hit, we did our big remodel. It was about a hundred thousand that we've invested to create home offices. As a result, we kind of credit carded everything and we've been living paycheck to paycheck for a while. And I just lost my job this week. We were trying to do a refinance and that fell through. And so long story short, we went from about 190 5K in income to about 65 and looking for advice.


And we cannot sell the house because it's under a remodel. We're not allowed to sell it for at least a year. And the remodel is not quite finished. Oh boy. Okay. Is that more than just getting the two home offices during Covid? Y'all done more remodeling? Yeah, it was extensive. We, we kind of expanded the second floor and, and just with the goal of ultimately selling, but it's obviously when I lost my job it was kind of a deal where it kind of put the brakes on everything even more, you know, after living pay paycheck to paycheck. And so we're obviously doing it the wrong way. So looking for advice on how to get out of this.


How much more debt do you have? What's the total amount and break it down for us. Okay. So the mortgage is 2 0 2 and we have things like cards and credit cards and a lot of that is just due to the remodel, but it's a 210,000 in other non-mortgage debt. Oh my goodness. Well, we can sell the cars. What do the cars have to do with the remodel? They don't, yeah, so the cars we're paying, one of them is 3 94, the other one is three 80 a month. How much are they, are they, how much do you owe on the cars? How much debt's on them?


Approx? Yeah. Approximately 28 in total. Okay. Break 'em down. What's the each one? Each? Well, so one of 'em is about 13 five. The other one's 15. Okay. I'm confused. You said you had 210 another debt and only 28 of that is cars. You're saying the rest of that is credit card debt? Well, unfortunately we had like a, a foundation loan, a bunch of it's credit card. I have a student loan at about 20,000 and I think, yes, the rush of it is either small loans like through Home Depot or credit cards. Correct. Okay. And what were you doing for work where you guys were making About 200 k Software developer.


Okay. And what are you doing now? I am looking for work, but I'm gonna work on some certifications. I took a job that wasn't ideal for obviously my career and skillset. And so that's something I'm gonna be working on is some probably Azure certifications. Are you gonna cost money? That I understand will help a little. The test, the actual certification exam is only $165, But then you need to, is there some kind of online education you need to get that'll cost money or can you just do a certification test? I, I can, there are some sample tests and some certification videos that are very helpful, but it's minimal.


Minimal charges if, if any. And how quickly do you think you could get a job making six figures as a software developer? Well, I've applied for a bunch of jobs already, but it's a matter of finding the right fit. I would like to focus on the skillset to some extent, but probably in two weeks I would be able to pass that certification. Okay. If I, if I was in your shoes, Mike, right? Fit is a, would be a luxury and a privilege right now I'm going, who is willing to pay me a hundred thousand dollars to write some code and I'm gonna do that so I can survive. 'cause right now I don't see a way out of this. With your monthly payments and your income, you guys are gonna continually go into debt.


Is your wife working Mike? Yes. Okay. Is she making the 65? Yes. Okay. So if you made a hundred then you guys could get back up to 1 65? Yeah, well I was at, I was at one 30, but yes. Okay. Yeah, so I mean, ideally replacing that completely like what you're saying and then, yeah, I mean, and then from there Mike, it's just a complete overhaul and mindset shift and change on how you guys have been viewing money the way you, and you said it at the beginning of the call, so I'm not telling you anything you don't know, but the way you've been doing it, it has to be the complete opposite. So this is cutting up credit cards.


This is, I mean, if any of your cars have equity in 'em, I would just sell 'em and get a $5,000 car. I mean, I would do the complete opposite of everything I've been doing up until this point, because that's where you're actually gonna start to see some progress. And I really feel like, Mike, you guys need some quick wins in here. Yes. You, the income is number one, but I would be, I would be cutting up credit cards tonight. I mean, no more, no more like you guys are not in a place to even have them around because so much of this is credit card debts and I know it was all in, you know, because of the remodel, but the, but the but the whole mindset Yeah. Of going in when you don't have the money, it just, that that can't be it anymore.


And then, you know, walking through the debt snowball of paying off and, and breaking all these out too. So when you say yes, some of these are credit cards breaking each specific credit card out. So you guys may have a long list of debts, but as you start knocking these out, that's where that momentum starts. Are you guys able to stay current on payments right now? Well, we had a small severance, but it was only $5,000. And so our current, just our debt load is like a little over $6,200 for the month. And so the money we've got, you know, in hand will, you know, in my last a a month.


Yeah. I mean you guys are, you're on the edge of running out and going back into more debt And so can you do go do three side jobs this week? Yes. Doesn't have to be software. It could be Instacart, ship to Uber handyman, whatever skills you have, go do it to bring in something while you look for that work. Yeah, I had one, I had one job where I picked up some work to do some light remodeling for a lady and that was $530. So you're pretty handy. I've Collected about half of that. Yeah. I mean I'm doing the remodel myself, so Yeah. Very. Okay, well today we start Mike's handyman business and you're gonna charge 50, 60, 70 bucks an hour and put it on your neighborhood Facebook group and hand out some flyers and go, I'm doing good work and I show up on time and get referrals, word of mouth and get this business going and do as much of it as you can until you get that next software developer job.


Okay. That's what I would be doing if I had your skillset. Yeah, And I think what's hard, Mike, is there's a level of like deep humility that you're gonna have to have in this process because between now and getting your new job, making anything and doing work that maybe you never thought you would be doing is, is what's necessary right now. Right? Because I don't want you guys like what George was saying to get behind, so bringing in a thousand, 2000, 3000 a month on numerous things at your're parent together and you're working late. I mean, do you guys have kids at home? Yes. Two. How old are they? Yeah, so 14 and 17. Okay.


Do they know about any of this? I'm sorry? Do they know about your financial situation at all? To some extent, yes. High level. Okay. It might be good to sit down with 'em and have a hard conversation and say, listen, the next year or two it's gonna look different for our family. We used to go do stuff and eat out and do all these sports and right now we gotta really tighten up and get out, get out of this financial mess. Here's what that's gonna look like. Yeah. And even if your wife can work overtime, Mike too. I mean, I would be doing that. I mean, again, income is gonna be your best bet and then cutting lifestyle, what George is saying and it's gonna be, yeah, I mean, I mean if you guys, if you get back up to that 1 95, I would be living like I made 80.


'cause the 65,000 is covering the bills basically per month, right? I mean, I mean living on seriously on nothing. And that's, you could, you could really turn this around if you could throw, which sounds wild, wild numbers here, but if you could throw a hundred grand a year At this, this down that non-mortgage debt Two years. Yeah. I mean seriously. I mean there's, yep, there's some big and sell a car change you can sell. Yeah. Selling the cars, getting rid of what you can, selling stuff to Mike. Go around your house, sell all the crap you guys, you know that you have doing what you can. But if you hold on the line, Taylor's gonna pick up and we're gonna give you financial peace University. It's our nine lesson course. And you and your wife sit down together and even your kids and watch this. You guys binge the this weekend because yep, life's gonna look different in the household.


And that's exciting, Mike, because that means you're gonna be winning.


Taking care of your health doesn't have to cost a fortune. That's why Field of Greens is in my house. Field of Greens is made from fruits and veggies selected by doctors to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism. And here's the best part. They're so confident your doctor will notice your improved health. They offer a money back guarantee, no questions asked. Try today and get 15% off@fieldofgreens.com slash RAMSEY promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Okay, picture this, you sit down to do your taxes, but instead of stressing out, you're actually ahead of the game and filing with an affordable software that makes your computer shoot confetti when you're done. Okay. Not that last part. But RAMSEY Smart Tax does make filing easy and doesn't make your bank account cry. RAMSEY Smart Tax is a hundred percent accurate software that's honest about its pricing and is backed by a company who's been in the business for over 50 years. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax to take advantage of early bird pricing and stress free filing. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Now we don't recommend refinancing on everything, but for distressed private student loans, there's Why Refi and we trust Why Refi? Because they help you with a low fixed rate, interest rate that you really couldn't get anywhere else. And it's gonna help you stick to your budget and get outta debt. So learn more at Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Matthew in Idaho. My wife and I are millionaires after years of working through the baby steps. In the beginning it was exciting. The baby steps happened fast and our children learned to have Christmas on a budget. But once we got to the point where we had an emergency fund, the house was paid off and we were building wealth, everything just started to seem very routine and boring. How do we keep the excitement going in our financial lives? If there was ever a Rachel Cruz question, this would be it. What you were made for this question. George, You are so good about your financial life. Excited keeping, keeping fun. Yeah, because you're the spender keeping fun. You're like, I've got some ideas. Yes. And they're, they're like, he's like me. He's like, well I like a financial goal.


We saved the thing. We invested the thing, but now what Goals? Now you have to actually figure out like who you are. Just kidding. I'm kidding. Find hobbies. That's right. Okay, so I always go back to this 'cause it's so spot on and I agree with it a hundred percent and it's science. But Arthur Brooks sucks about what you can do with money. Five things and four bring happiness and one does not. So this is what I would say to him, to Matthew, you can give, which brings happiness, you can save, which actually brings happiness. 'cause it shows progress. You can buy experiences with people you love and that brings happiness. You can buy your time back and then use your time well spent, right? So if you have someone mow your lawn, have 'em mow the lawn, but you get time back.


But go work out or like go do something productive. And then number five, you can spend money on stuff, but that does, does not pro, that does not produce joy. And then Ram C we always talk about you can give save and spend, right? So kind of using that framework. If I were you, Mike, I mean if there isn't a big goal out there, and I would say Winston and I, we've kind of gotten to this place. Our, our house was a massive goal. That was in 2019. And then we made it a goal for a pool and we actually we're finished. We're we're done now. I know. So that what we took, I mean it took us probably five years to save for that. And so now we're at this point when we were planning our 2025 of like, okay, we don't really have a big financial goal in place. And, and I would say that for a time period, I think that's okay because we shifted the excitement and like, Hey, what's the next thing to some of those things Arthur Brooks talks about?


So like, plan a fun trip with your family. Like have some experiences with them. Give someone a trip, right? If you have the money, like are there people in your life that you could bless them of like, oh gosh, this couple really helped us walk through some hard times and we wanna give them a weekend away. Right? And like, like what are things you can do? And then the giving aspect. Which one did I even changed some of our giving goals this year? And we are, we like have a percentage now in our EveryDollar budget that is above our tie above everything else we do. And it's spontaneous giving and we're gonna force ourselves every month to do it. And to say, yeah, like where can we give spontaneously to someone throughout the month if we hear a story, if we experience someone, you know, at a restaurant, a waiter or waitress, like give an insane tip.


Like what are ways we can do that? And that fueled my excitement, George. Like when we planned all this out a few weeks ago as we were kind of talking through the year, it was like, okay, we don't have a big goal, quote unquote we're saving for There's no baby. Step eight. Yeah. Yeah. But, but we are being more creative with our giving, which does make it more exciting. We are gonna travel some this year, So we put that in the budget. So yeah, so like leaning in on these things that actually will bring you joy and I'll probably, you know, buy some shirts from Abercrombie. You know, it's just what I do. But overall like where do we put our time and our energy and our money? Put it in the stuff that's gonna bring you joy and excitement. And for me that's, that's giving and experiences. But that's probably just my personality. No, You, you nailed it.


I think there's usually a flat tire situation when you're really good at saving and investing and then the giving side usually is a little lackluster and you have a hard time just spending for fun 'cause it feels frivolous after everything you've Been through. Are you speaking out of your experience? George? This George, This is me. This is me. I'm working on my flat tire. Rachel trying to spend more, enjoy life a little more. But I, I relate to Matthew's situation because the baby steps are so great. 'cause it gives you a very exact process. If you do this thing, you'll hit this goal and then you get to baby step seven and it's a choose your own adventure of live and give like no one else. Yes. Yeah. And so that's where he has to figure that out for himself. And maybe that is we need to find some hobbies. Maybe I'm gonna try golfing, I've, or I wanna get back into this thing that I used to love as a child and I really need to pick back up piano lessons.


Yes. That's s great whatever the thing is for you and your family and go, hey, this is something we never thought we would do. Or back in the day we were like, Nope, we can't do that. That, yep. What can you say yes to? Now that was a no five years ago. Yes. That's good. That's really good. Make that list. Yeah. Of what, what are things that we Yeah, we, we Could do dream date and you got, you and Winston just did your annual dream date recently. Yes, That's what I was talking about. Yeah. And we had the, we had, we had EveryDollar for our monthly budget up and then we had Excel and wins. It has all these crazy formulas of like implementing TA taxes. I don't know, he has all this like he does it all. And I'm, I gotta get that spreadsheet from Winston. I know you, I Need some new formulas in my life. Shut. Yeah. And that's the interesting thing is people really do, you know, on the show we talk about, you know, for a lot of listeners and, and for those of you that are new to the baby steps, a lot of people are starting out on baby step one.


They're just trying to get that thousand dollars and pay off debt, right? But this, this long journey of money, I always want you guys to hear from us on this show that the goal of building wealth and being in a really secure place in baby step seven, where you don't even have a house payment. Your house is paid for retirement's being funded, like all of that. It's not just to continue just to get more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more. Right? It, there is an outflow that needs to happen. You need to do things with your family, give to others, give others great experiences in life. Like there is something about using money as a tool. It's not something to hoard and to keep, but you're doing this to leave a mark on the world.


I mean, there's something beautiful about that that I think is really innate and how we're created. And so leaning into some of that, because I do think there can be this mindset maybe early on, you know, maybe baby steps like 4, 5, 6, where there's like my goal's just to like, get money, get money, get money, get money. Which right, you're, you're funding retirement, you're wanting stability. But there's been listeners here that have been with us for 8, 9, 10 plus years that are baby steps millionaires and they're like, yeah. And they're on the other side. And the ones we talk to that have this joy about them, this countenance about them that we meet, it's because they've been able to do some cool stuff. And every now and then they'll drop their story to us, you know, of things they get to do. But I dunno, there's something about this whole idea of building wealth.


It's not just to build wealth, it is what you do with that wealth that brings you a level of joy and happiness in how we're created. Be beautifully said Rachel. Gosh, no notes. No notes, No notes. So Matthew, spend some money. Go on a great trip and, and be a generous giver. Go find things that bring you joy with giving. 'cause that's, that's the best. Alright, George, there are some social questions that we get all the time. I Love a social question. Yeah. When it comes to I do too. I don't, oh, I don't see them on there. Do you Have your They did not give, we are missing our social question. Oh, okay. There I got one. I'm you got one? Oh, perfect. Alright, here we go.


You ready for this one? Yeah. Ooh, shoot. Zach from TikTok asks, how much is enough or normal to spend on an engagement ring? I want Rachel's opinion on this so badly that I don't think I've ever talked to you about This Isn't the, isn't like the jewelry people out there, don't they say three months and we say one Generally we'd say one month salary is like a top Limit. Sorry. One month salary. That's what I meant. Yeah. Yeah. But three months out there, I think like Zales and, you know, I think they usually say a three month Salary every begins with K came up with like, it should be 17 months of your salary. That feels, I think it was de I think it was the diamond company, like the people that did the diamonds. Yeah. You know, decades ago, DeBeers or whatever. De beers. That's it. I was like, I don't wanna mispronounce it, but I think they came up with the three month salary rule and we'd say, pull that back a little bit a month.


I think a month is great, but let's, yeah, the weddings, engagements, rings. It is expensive. George, I'm, I'm glad that I am out of, Out of that season Because nowadays like what people are spending, It's insane To be in weddings to go to all the stuff. I mean it is. And Well, and then the comparisons, can I just be honest? It's the women on women comparisons of, oh, let me see the ring. Oh, that's, That's cute. That's, you know what I mean? Like, the guys don't care. No man has ever cared. No's just like, we don't want the woman to be upset. That's why we go into Are they gonna know it's from the lab and not a blood diamond? I Ooh. Yeah. What do you think about Yeah, I could give a rat's toot about where the, like, if that's what you're basing this marriage on.


Well, was it, did they work hard for the diamond or did a laboratory Don't care. Get a mo. I it's about the beauty of the ring and does it match her personality's and Does it make sense financially It 'cause that sense is an industry that you can spend so much on. So, so much on My wife was not that expensive. There you go. It's not a blood diamond. I'm not even sure it's a real diamond. Rachel, I don't even like you saying that. It was just a beautiful ring. That's what they call them. I don't know what else to call them. Lab grown versus nature found Real. Real, right? I mean it's like a, an actual drawer. I know Producer Kelly is, she's showing her ring going real. That's the, that's the word you're looking for. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, Dave RAMSEY here. Dr. John Delony and I are coming to a city near you on the money and Relationships Tour. You, the audience will vote to choose the topics we talk about things that impact your life, like investing in your future, money, stress, and marriage and more. We're coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth and Phoenix in April and May, 2025 tickets are at their lowest price right now. Grab yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


So one of the best things that you can do for your finances is to get a tax pro that you trust in your corner. They'll help you advise you when it comes to the best moves for your situation, especially if you own a small business or you've had big life changes in the past year. So you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro to find CPAs and enrolled agents that have been vetted by the RAMSEY team. Tax season is upon us. It is happening as we speak. I got My appointment. Do you have your appointment? There You go. You know, that's the free spirit and Rachel Winston really takes Oh, I'm sure it's coming. I get usually the email of the like invite and all the things. Oh, that's nice that he at least invites you. He does. You're you're on the calendar invite time there. Yes, I do the same. But for Whitney. Oh, See, there you go. There you go. It's great. But you can go to Ramsey Solutions at.com/taxpro to get someone in your corner today.


All right, next up we have Morgan in Kansas City. Hey Morgan, welcome to the show. Hey Rachel. Hi George. Thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? Well, I'd like some guidance today on how to navigate my brother-in-law with tragedy. Excuse me if I get emotional. No, you're fine. On January 14th, my sister-in-law passed away unexpectedly. Oh My gosh. Morgan, that was just what, two weeks ago? That was two weeks ago. Oh, she's 38. Oh. And they have three children and it's been pretty tough. I'm so sorry. Oh, Thank you. That's heartbreaking.


So what, it's, how, how are they, how are they doing As, as good as they can do? For right now they have three children, 15, five and two. The 15-year-old is, is from a, a previous relationship. So I think financially her father is able to provide a lot. But to be honest, they weren't prepared. I mean, nobody is, but Right. He is kind of in a financial mess. Okay. So I have a few numbers. I don't have all the details because it's still very fresh. Okay. But I've gathered a few things to my knowledge, they don't have very, I don't think they have any savings. Okay. Bought their house two years ago for 170,000.


I believe their mortgage is $1,400 a month. Okay. I think he makes, they both worked for a trucking company. I think he's in like the 70 to 80 range. Okay. And I believe she was about 60 to 70. Okay. So he is losing half of her income. Yep. And also she was getting $1,700 a month in veteran benefits and I, they did not pay for the survivor Benefit, no survivor benefits. So she, they, he lost That too. She had, did she have any life insurance on her? I think she had a small policy through her work. Maybe 20,000. Okay. No. Will they have 15,000 in credit card debt? Two cars, one has a small loan.


I believe it's her car. Okay. And she may have a small 401k. She may. Okay. My Question is, she might, I'm not sure, Is that, is that him wondering if he does if, or is it you just saying she might. It's me Wondering. Okay. Because my wife and I have been following the day of steps for years. Yeah. So we're on four, five, and six. Okay. So my brain automatically went to write up the baby steps. So I was just trying to gather everything I have. Yeah. Yeah. So that is kind of a high level overview. So I don't know if you should take her life insurance and just try to walk up the baby steps. I don't know if credit cards that are only in her name if I should tell 'em to stop paying because autopsy results are pending and So we may not get the death certificate for about two months.


So I don't know if he can do much of anything until we get a death certificate. Yeah. Yeah. Oh Morgan, I'm so sorry. So in these kind of situations when there's something so unexpected And so tragic, we, we usually advise the families not to do anything major for probably about 12 months because there is, and That's why I haven't asked these questions yet. This is just kind of what Sure. I've gathered because this is, I mean this is so heavy. It's just pure grief. Yeah. Right, right. Well and he's, and he doesn't, I mean he can't even probably, you know, put together a thought. And so for you No, just to kind of be aside support. Right. And at least be able to gather and do, you know, some level of work for him is such a gift, Morgan, I mean, I mean honestly huge, you're, you're, you're giving them such a gift by even kind of navigating this part of their lives because everything, yeah.


I mean I just, I can't even imagine. So I, you know, I wouldn't do anything again big from a decision standpoint unless they get to a point where there is something big. Right. If they get six months into this and he can't pay the mortgage and they're, you know, you know, there's four, you know, foreclosures pending or like something like really big Right. Then we have to make some big decisions. But whatever I think he can do to the degree of staying somewhat afloat for a year, maybe some small things and we can maybe talk to you about those here on this call. But, but overall I wouldn't make any, any big, big decisions.


So I think because again, the emotion you just can't see straight. Yeah. You know, She handled all the finances, so he is trying to just open bills. What accounts do we have? I mean, he's starting from scratch so it's, it's just tough all around. Oh, Oh, It's, And so that, it's kind of where he's starting, like he's said, you know, I'm going to Verizon today to get my name on all the accounts. Right. Yeah. He, he's on a scavenger hunt while graving So basic, I mean that's, that's the hardest, yeah, that's the hardest part is that life continues on right in the middle of all this and you're like, I have to be a grownup and like, and The kids still need food. Do this. Yeah. I mean Oh, oh so terrible. Okay. So yes, I think, you know, your gut on starting to kind of just like put the baby steps in place.


That plan I think is, is a good one. Again, I would, I would take, you know, find the life insurance, I would get as much concrete information as you can. 'cause that's gonna help you guys navigate this. But for him, I mean he, to get him to live on 70 k and be comfortable there probably will mean offloading some of this debt so that he, that they, so that they don't have all this, you know, these payments and I would have, you know, him look through every account possible to see if there's any savings and, and I, and I would probably start working on, you know, paying off maybe the, these smaller debts if they do have credit card debt And sell her car Yeah.


And get rid of that loan in the meantime, that's short-term thing that could relieve some pressure here. And then with the credit card debt, if there are credit card's Only in her name. Yeah. If they're only in her name, he may not be liable for them. Just depends on how things are set up. And will the estate pay it out of her assets? And there's his name, his name on that. And so that's, I I can't tell you for sure, like if her Name's on the mortgage, they can, I mean technically they can come after those things, right? They're not gonna go after like the mortgage of her retirement accounts. But if she has any other assets that can be used to pay this down, they will use that. But I would not be in a rush to pay off this credit card debt. And I would not let the creditors pressure him and lie to him and say, no, you need to pay this today. Do send a copy of the death certificate to the credit card companies.


Once you get those, get a bunch of copies, probably 10 copies minimum to send to all the creditors involved. So these credit cards are in just some, some of them are just in her name? Is that what you're saying? Morgan? I I think they might be Okay. I think a handful might Be. And I would pull her credit report and his just to verify and make sure that Yeah. That, that information is correct. Yeah. Correct. Lay of the land. And you can do that for free. Yeah, you can have 'em go to this website, annual credit report.com I believe is the site and you can pull, don't ever pay to get this pulled. Perfect. Yep. There it is. Annual credit report.com. You can pull from all three bureaus and get a real picture of here's the reality of where we're at and now we know the Next Steps.


And he, he's lucky to have you to, to help and clean up the pieces. And if we can help in any other way, let us know. But this is just one of those reminders to everyone else listening, get a will in place today. It's not gonna cause you to die any sooner, but it will cause your family to just grieve your loss instead of also lead you on a scavenger hunt and guess. Yeah. And have the government decide what happens to your stuff. May I address your listeners for just one minute, please. Excuse me. For getting emotional. Get get this done guys, because instead of just being able to grieve, take three months off work, sis off work, take the children on a trip.


He is in a financial mess. So on top of grief, there's headache, frustration, and stress. So please, this stuff happens every day. I know. Excuse me. None of us think it's gonna happen to us until it does. Yeah. So if anything, just get enough life insurance to cover these things while you clean up to babysit. Oh, Morgan. Well said Morgan. I know. Thank you. Thank you so much for it's, it's not easy. Go on radio, radio like this and share. Yeah. I'm so sorry Everyone listening including us. We're, we're thinking of them and praying for them. Yeah. And wishing them the best.


And just to continue on what Morgan's saying, we believe in this so much you guys to get your wills done. Xander Insurance for life insurance. Get 10 to 12 times your annual income if you're a stay at home mom. Yes. You need half a million at least on you. Get life insurance today, Morgan, we're praying for you guys.


George, thanks for the hour. Thanks to everyone in the booth that's making it happen. And thank you America. We'll be back.


The right questions are the key to unlock personal and professional potential. It means if you're not where you want to be, you are not asking the right questions. I'm Ken Coleman and this is what my new show Front Row Seat is all about. Over my career, I've had the distinct privilege to interview successful people from all walks of life and to coach over 10,000 professionals who wanted more. What sets successful people apart is a never ending desire to learn and grow. Each week I'll be joined by industry leaders and world class experts to have a conversation about how to get better, move up and lead well in work and life. But the best part of this show is you get to be a part of the conversation. Live in studio, we will have a group of professionals just like you, who have the power to ask questions and steer the discussion in real time. It's an opportunity to get real answers to real questions, like how to make the right decisions, have hard conversations, live a balanced life, and discover your Next Steps to grow. Join us every Tuesday for conversations that are guaranteed to surprise, challenge, and inspire you. Check out Front Row Seat wherever you get your podcasts.