
This is The Ramsey Show, welcome America. This is where we help you win in your life, win with your money, win in your work, and win with your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number, triple eight eight two five five two two five will get you in on the conversation. I'm Ken Coleman, the fabulous, the incomparable, the stellar, the author of a very exciting book we'll talk about later in this hour. She is Jade Warshaw. She is my friend. You know what I forgot to bring today? What? Forgot to bring my trophy. We'll talk more about that later. Oh, more about that later. Okay. More about it. Let's get right to the phones. There's some trash talk a little bit later if you want to hang around.


It's, it's gonna be a lot of fun. But we start with Robert in Hartford, Connecticut. Robert, how can we help today? Hi. Sorry guys. I'm a little nervous, so bear with me. You're doing great. So I have a career based question. I took over a ta a business basically running a tax business preparation. And four years ago, And I ultimately wanted to get my CPA, so you need to work under a CPA for a year. And I found a CPA firm a year ago to take me on in New York. And I worked there for the year. So I technically have my full year of experience, and they're aware of that.


And they brought me in to talk about that in the potential future. And that they've said things like, you know, we, we view you as a potential partner and things like that. And, and there's a path to that and whatnot. And I'm trying, I'm at a roadblock because this job would require me to give up my business if I was to continue working with them and become a partner in the future. But I'm also trying to figure out if I should just keep my business and 'cause I, I am taking my CPA exams, I do have my years year experience and should I just focus on growing that? So do you want to be a partner in someone else's firm or do you want to be your own boss?


We're looking 10, 15, 20 years from now. So I obviously would rather be my own boss. They're, they're kind of trying to tell me things like being, which I have been for four years, a sole proprietor is, you know, you, you do a lot of work on your own. Sure. You don't have that other person there to bounce ideas off. Always. I obviously plan to expand the business and it's not just gonna be me. I just didn't know if, I mean, obviously maybe it's less risky to join them. They are offering me to keep 10% of my top clientele as well.


So what's the better financial situation if you stay working for yourself or go to work for this firm? Can can I give you some numbers? Yeah, That's what I'm looking for. Okay. Sorry. The business nets about 50,000, but I only have to work three and a half months because it's tax season. This job they hired me on for 55,000 a year salary. But that's because they have a deal with me where I work part-time during tax season. Okay. But what would partnership look like? What, what kind of financial windfall? So That's, sorry. So that's the thing, they, they really won't give me any numbers.


They're, they're really looking for me to go to them with a number of what it would cost for all these things. Hey, what, what are you doing in the other nine or eight and a half months of the year when you're only working for three and a half months? So, So that's, I'm working here currently With the firm that they've offered you to be the partner. Well, that's the thing. I I don't think I would become a partner that day. No, no, I, I know that. But you're asking, you're asking us, what should you do? And I'll be honest with you. I think, I think you're confused. So instead of me trying to dig a little deeper, I'm gonna switch gears on my tactics. Okay. When you called a few minutes ago, which way were you leaning To?


Probably keep my business and stick with that. Why? Because I get to be my own boss. I, I make the same money now working much less months. It could probably contribute more time to my business and bucks. And once I get my letters CPA letters, I would've like to think that business could expand More and long term you wanna work for yourself. C Can I interject a question or? Sure. Just to get clarity. Is the reason that you're only working tax season is that because you don't have the CPA certification yet, but once you have the CPA certification, then you'll be able to work year round doing other books For yourself.


Yeah. Unfortunately without the CPA my client base is very specific. Right, but you're getting it So that which Yes. Yeah. And Then you'll be able to do the whole gamut. Yeah. I should have my CPA by January. Got It. I Okay. I, my, my opinion is, I'll see what Jade says. I think you need to not take the offer to eventually become partner that I think you stay in whatever arrangement you have with them. I'm slightly confused, but, but I, I would work for myself and freelance and do whatever you're doing until you get your CPA license and work on building your business. I think that's what you want to do. Okay. And quite frankly, I think it's probably the better play for you financially.


So for me it's check, check jade. Yeah, 100%. Listen, I think it's weird that a firm is offering you a partnership. You don't have your CPA yet. They don't know what you can bring in revenue wise yet. Like they don't know anything about truly what you're bringing to the table. So that feels odd. Oh, to me. Not, not to cut you off. Okay. I'm sorry. No, it's okay. Tell me. They Are, they are fully aware of my business. They're fully aware of everything. They, they won't give me those numbers. They're, they're more so trying to say, what would it cost for you to stay with us? And we basically promising down the line partner is what I'm Trying to say. Yeah. And. I. Sorry That, that doesn't change my answer.


Yeah, me either. It doesn't change my answer. I think that you have a lot, you've tapped into like 20% of your potential on your own. And once you get that CPA certification, once you get that license, you're gonna be able to really see what this business can do. And, I, it's worth it to me to pan that out and see you being your own boss. Few things rival that. Yeah. I think you keep the course you're on and be confident in it. That's where you want to be. Okay. Thank you. Sorry, sorry if the question was silly. No, no, All No, no, no. You're doing great. I just wanna be able to make sure that I understand that we understand which way you're coming to this thing. But I trust your gut. How about that? I trust that works your gut. I think you got a good gut on this.


And, and so understand that the, the, the desire to build your own firm, I think you're already in a position to, to do that in only way, Jade, I would've changed my advice in this situation for Robert would've been if the time spent with this firm Yeah. Would give him the necessary resources and or experience intangibles, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. To then set up later, set him up later to do his own thing. But the fact that he's already doing his own thing and he's exactly. And he's just, all he's gotta do is finish getting qualified's. That's right. This is the get qualified stage. Yeah. And the CPA license once he's there, this is a no-brainer.


That's a really good business, by the way. 100% To own. Because there is, if you talk to anybody in the tax field, there's not enough people. Yeah. And, and So I in this situation, Robert, we're on board, man, stay the course. Be patient and, and do your own thing. Hang your own shingle, which you already have. Stay with it. And I think you're gonna be better off. So good stuff there. Love it. Love it, love it. Love the soul. The solopreneur entrepreneur who's gonna then build a business, a small business that provides jobs and what's key. It's what keeps this American economy going. It's a small business, small business. Small business. Small business. Oh boy. I appreciate your vote. November, folks.


Just kidding. Alright, quick break. We'll be back with more of your calls. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you guys. Emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The, Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't band-aids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin, and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door. And use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one. And you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Use the promo code. Ramsey,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. I'm joined by Jade Warshaw. We're here to answer your questions. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jade's our resident money expert today. And I'm the resident income expert. How about that? Mo money is my theme for you. Mo money. Mo money mo money, mo meaning, right. And more money, more meaning is what we're going for here. And you know, one of the keys, Jade, to being successful, we know this from research, is the people that you hang around with. Yep. If you aren't where you wanna be in your life, I can do an inventory of family members and friends, acquaintances, the stuff you're reading, the stuff you're watching, And I will tell you that it's a direct impact. So speaking of tribe, you should, when you can vacate vacation with people that are like-minded, Okay, now I see where you're going with This. You see where I'm going? Yes. See where? And, and for all of you baby steppers out there, those of you that are in baby step 4, 5, 6, and seven, I think you need to be thinking about the live like no one else cruise. I like that Because you're gonna be on this boat with, with with Dave and Rachel, Ken Coleman and Jade and me and John Delony and George Campbell. But you're gonna be on this boat with a bunch of people who live the way you live, who, who believe in the value of debt free living and, and making the most of your money. So that's my pitch on why you should join us. And. I just found out you don't even have to have a passport because we're going from American Port to American port. That's true. And so some of you're thinking, oh, I don't have my passport. You don't need it. I just found that out. Although I bring it though, I don't wanna be locked up abroad without my passport. I'm just telling you what I'm hearing. I'm with you. I'm bringing mine as well. We're gonna be in Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico in The Bahamas. Every stop is stunning beaches. There is a pickleball court situation on the cruise ship. If you're a nut like I am, I will be on the pickleball court every day, literally holding court. I will take no mercy on anyone. Interesting. I played a win. You know this, you plays For Keeps Kim. I played, I played a win beyond the Ramsey personalities and Dave. You're gonna see Trey Kennedy, comedian Stephen Curtis Chapman, great award-winning musician, Manique Chohan of the Food Network lore. Deanna Carter misses strawberry wine Country music star herself and more. It's a seven day cruise. March 22 to 29. 2025. You don't wanna miss this 90% salt, so you better get on it. It's gonna sell out probably this month. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise.


Are you gonna have your guns out? You know, I mean, Sun's out, guns out. Yeah. I mean, when I play pickleball in the sun, I like to have no sleeves. All the less hindrance for that forehand. You know what I'm talking about when I come over the top. We definitely don't want any hindrance. No hindrance, No hindrance. Kin. Let's go to Cody now in Lincoln, Nebraska. Cody, how can we help today? Hi guys. Thanks for taking my call. You bet. What's up? So The reason I'm calling is my wife's 31. I'm 32. We own an event rental company that does pretty well. And we, three years ago we purchased a commercial building and opened up a event venue.


The process of doing that, we went into, into debt about 900,000. Ooh. After remodel? Yep. After the remodel. And, and then plus about another 150 to 200 to my in-laws. For what? For the remodel. We, we, the, the commercial property was, we had to do an extensive remodel on it to kind of make it how we wanted. And the in-laws gave me the money for it, For the extra. So we got a million dollar loan with, you know, and then on top of that was about another 150 from the in-laws. Okay.


And that was, that was three years ago. And it's going, it's, it's, it's going all right. We're in year three and it's, it's starting to pick up When do you break even on all this? That's why I'm calling. We're, we're quickly finding out with this much debt. It's, it's, it's difficult. Very difficult. And you know, I, in reality, I think it would be 15 years from now before we'd even get close to the Dream has become a nightmare. A little bit. A little bit. It's still fun and, and we enjoy it. But we're, how Much do you guys take home? What's your income, you and your wife off of this business? You know, I'll be, it's, we haven't set up where we can live off of.


We're, we're living fine. I don't know the exact number, but I would say anywhere from a hundred to 120,000. Why don't We probably should be a little better at this. We, we kind of just intertwine. Oh, Do you have any other income? Yeah, we know what's going on. Yeah. You're not, you don't have a budget. Yeah, you have no other income. But this event business, They, the, the event venue and then our event rental decor, which the event rental side of it is probably making more money than what our event venue is. Okay. What does it make? So that will probably make about 250,000 Bottom line. And that's probably, yeah.


Yes. That's not gross. Again, all of that, that's a net number after all expenses. Yes. Okay. so what happens to that money when you, when you net that profit out, where does that 250,000 go? That's our problem. It's like we're making all this money and we're working super hard and it's like, where does it go here? We got no, that profit is profit. Like you're either reinvesting it or it's sitting somewhere in retained earnings or you're paying it back to yourself. Like if You're only paying yourself one 50, then, then to Jade's point, where's the other a hundred? It, it goes into things like our, our AC unit. Just all the things you gotta fix up on this building. It's a hundred year old building. Like it's great.


Right. But that's not, it's an old building. If you're doing your books the correct way, that would've already filtered through. That's right. And it would not be reflected in your net profit. That's the whole point. So is somebody managing your books or are you doing it? No, we have an accountant that does it. She helps us through all this. Something Ain't right. I'm telling you right now. When Was the last time you had a meeting with set accountant and she walked you through your actual books to the point that you could understand it? I mean, not about every tax tax season. Good Lord, man, I, I'll be honest with you, I don't even think this is a profitable business. My guess is this thing is not profitable at all when we put both of them together. And, you know, we're not trying to listen.


You're, you're stressed up to your eyeballs. Clearly you got a million dollars of debt and you don't know your numbers. So that right there is very, very stressful. But you gotta, you gotta right the wrongs on this and you've gotta get involved in what's going on with these numbers. Because I would hate for you to think that your event business or the the event rental side is earning money when it's really not. And I want you to get with whoever's doing your taxes, I want you to get to, with whoever's doing your books and make sure you understand this. Because if you don't understand it, you need to work with people who are going to help you understand it. Because as long you don't understand this, you don't know what's going on. Yeah. Underneath the surface, you don't even really know if you can trust the person who's running your books because you can't look behind them and go, yeah, that looks right, or Yes, I get it.


I understand. So there's a part of this where being in business for yourself, you do to a certain extent have to wear these hats where you can at least understand Right. Can the basics of your bookkeeping so that you know you're not getting cheated so that you know if you're actually profitable or not. It's like trying to fly an airplane blind. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and you say you're having fun. I don't Disagree with all that. So, so, okay, we did a diagnosis. What's your question for us? Okay, so, so my question is, is we've had a appraisal done on our, on our commercial property. Okay. And we could sell it, we could sell it for anywhere from about 2.75 million to 3.6 million.


Dude, Dude, take gun and die now. Like, list it now, hang up with us now take The briefcase and run. Are you kidding me? This is a get outta jail free card. They don't come along very often. Yeah. Take it. And That's what we thought. Well, there's no more thinking. There needs to be some doing, if I'm you, I want Jade to weigh in on this. Jade, here's what I'm doing. I'm selling the building, but I'm gonna keep the rental business. Yeah, I, yeah, I'm fine with that. I like that. But only if only if you get a really good bookkeeper, like Jade is saying Yes. Who's going to hold you accountable? Because you started Cody with just the event rental, right? And then that was doing well. And so you guys were like, we're doing amazing. We're gonna go rent this or buy this space.


So that was the, that was the mistake when you went to buy the building was the mistake. So let's offload the mistake. You get your money back plus a million in some Yeah. And now you've got this really great income that you Yeah. You know, you're running the business, you always want it to run and you know how to run. Now you don't have to buy a building because you know how to rent equipment. So you can rent a building if you want to keep the event side of the business going. Yeah. You can do that without having to be in massive debt. Yeah. So, my goodness, Cody, this is, this is a good day for you. This is a sign from Hallelujah on high. Wow. I mean I just went from like, that was a two Pepcid AC call to now my tummy feels okay. I know. Feels okay.


Listen, let us get a cut of that 2.7 million. Ooh. Easy. Now Jade wants a commission. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, oh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I gonna, The middle, how gonna meet next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xander is the place that Winston And I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 8 3 5 6 4 2 or go toand.com.


The Ramsey, Show continues. Thrilled to have you with us. I'm Ken Coleman Jade. Warshaw is alongside, the phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Let's go to Nicole who joins us in Memphis. Nicole, how can we help today? Hey, I was just trying to see if you guys could help me undo the mess that I'm in. I don't know if I'm cursed or what, but I'm in a lot of debt and I'm a single mom. And, I. I'm be close to retirement age shortly. And I. Just, I, I don't know what to do. Okay. How old are you? I'm 46. Okay. And what's going on?


Tell us some more details. Okay, so last year my goal was to own a home And I know about debt to income ratio. And my highest debt would would've been my car note, which was 772. Long story short, with that, I ended up making a bad deal end up at six 15 still, but no gap insurance since then, the job that I had, I have now lost. I have a new job, but it's $3,800 less. That's a lot. It is per month Less. Yes. And I'm struggling right now.


I'm close to eviction. I'm about to, I'm close to about to lose my car. So tell me, I, tell me what you're making now. I'm, I'm averaging about 12 to 1400 a month. Barely making it Oh Man. Yeah. Okay. 12 to 1400. Tell us what your rent is. My rent right now is nine 80, but it's behind And. I'm close to eviction. So it's, it's about 2,700 plus a three 50 fee. Yeah. Okay. For their attorney fees. It's crazy. What Do you do for a living? I'm a barber. And before that, when you were making the 3,800 more, what were you doing? I was still a barber.


I was working at another barber shop. And I was let go. What was the difference? Is it just the way that they do it and they weren't, the old place was sending more clients your way? Tell us. I had more, yeah, I had more clients. I was still on the low end. I was still on the low end, but I was still making, I was making weekly pay. This is only every two weeks and I'm averaging about 500 every two weeks or a little over. And is it just the salary you get or is it based on the number of heads you do? It's, so it's basically 50 50% commission or $12 an hour, whichever the greater of the Two. Okay.


So yeah. Okay. The, the problem, the glaring issue here is the income. And this can't go on because my, my thought here is if it's 50% commission or your, your base pay, then that means you're not making the commission, which means there's not enough people coming through, which means es Right. Essentially you're kind of standing there like waiting for something to do. Right. Are you spending a lot of your day right. Kind of standing around waiting, Right? Yeah. so what I did was, what I was doing the first, when I first started there, I was like, this makes no sense. I can do lift ride, right? Yeah. To make up the short. But now my car's breaking down and it's still not enough Lift, lift rides sometimes are not as great as it was when I started.


Right. So it, so it's, it's, it's not, it's it's not coming in And, I tried to get an, been applying for other jobs, like What? Nothing is coming through. Like I am great at customer service and things like that. I love barbering. Okay. But I, I really do love it. But I was trying to get an additional job, like work at Amazon at night. Yeah. And it's hard to work at Amazon at night. See, six years ago I lost one of my kids and my other children were there. And so what's happening is I have to kind of be at home with my younger daughter because she's feeling the repercussions of all of that. Yeah. She's got a lot of mental issues, you know, going on trauma stuff.


We've got, we've gone through So. I can't really leave her. Here's What I, at night and it's hard. And that's the other reason why I've also lost jobs because I have to stop and go to school. And it's heartbreaking. I really wish that I could get a job that was financially stable where I could be at my child's disposal. Yeah. You know, I just put one through college. I just dropped her off at MTSU and thank god she had a lot of scholarships. But I still have to pay a small amount for the next three months. That's right. I Don't know where it's gonna come from. So. I. Well Let's, let's look at this. Let's look at this. Okay. You love barbering, but right now barbering is not making you money and for sure for certain. I feel like you could go on.


What do you do? Are you a braider? Do you do sewings? What do you do? No, I don't, I don't do that part anymore. I can do women hair, but I, I love, I love cutting men tear. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. So here's the thing. I think barbering goes on the shelf for now 'cause it's not making you money. Maybe you do it on the side and that's your side hustle, but it's not your main core income right Now I want you to get a full-time day job. Go over to Target, go over to Walmart, go over to Wendy's, go over to Chick-fil-A anything today. 'cause you gotta make a little bit more than what you're making now. And then make barbering the thing that you do on the side on the weekends, early in the morning. If nighttimes don't work for you, that, that's the only way. Okay. Here's the thing. The good news is you were earning a salary that was making your life run and making your household run.


So you know you can do it. It's just a matter of Right. Filling in the puzzle to make sure we're putting the right pieces in to get that income. Right. Let's talk about the car. So the car is not running, that's the only vehicle, correct? Yeah, it's running, but it's, it needs work. Okay. How, what, so what year is it and what's it worth and what do you owe on it? It's a 20, it's a 2022 Volkswagen Tiguan. Oh Volkswagen. I owe about 29,000 since it went up. I was at 26, but since I refinanced it's back up to 29 K Oh. my gosh. Okay. And what's it worth? Nothing. Probably not right now. Okay. I want you to go, your homework is to go on Kelly Blue book and see what is it worth? Private sale.


You're probably gonna be upside down in it. Possibly substantially. Yeah. 'cause I don't know what all you've done with this thing, but we may need to get out of this vehicle because it's costing you what, $600 a month? It's, it's costing me six 15 a month. Yes ma'am. Oh. My gosh. Okay. So yeah, we're gonna have to sell this car eventually and probably what you're gonna end up doing, Kenna, if you have a minute, if you look this thing up, maybe you can give me a, a ballpark on it. But by the time we get off this call, maybe we can give you a ballpark on it. But if I were you to get out of that 30,000, what other debt do you have? I have a $8,000 signature loan. Okay. I have some student loans, which I gotta try to figure out how to get back 'cause I was in a settlement and for some reason, part, Part of the settlement, just, just me, how much they are for the sake of the call, It's like 6,000, $60,000, 60,000 And I put back on.


Yes. It's 60 K. Okay. And they're federal. It's not supposed to be on there. They're federal. They're federal loans. Yeah. It was, it was one in a settlement that they were supposed to take that off. Oh. Because the institution is not, is no longer with us. Yes It is. Not. They've come back, but it's gone through a lot of stuff. They, they've been in the news and everything. How Much of the 60 k is that settlement? All of it. All of it. Okay. So you're gonna have to do some due diligence on that and figure out what's going on with that. Because 60,000 is not a lot that you want to lolly gag with. Okay. What else? Is there anything besides that?


No, just a $400 credit card that I, that I was paying. Right. So this is an income issue. Nothing. And by the way, we're running short on time. Let's get her a session with one of our financial coaches as our gift. 'cause there's a lot to, to layer through here. But Nicole, you, you have got to come up with a situation with your daughter, friends and family. This is, it takes a village. I'm not betting against a single mama. I know you can find a way to get some care for your daughter. It's hard. It's hard. It's Really hard. I know, I know it is sweetheart. And but I'm telling you, I'm not betting against you. But you've gotta get some help with your daughter. She's been through a lot. You've gotta get some people around you who can be with her, which We're in therapy, but it's not a lot.


I mean, it's not a lot of help. I just I know, but listen, I'm talking about people around you in your community. Okay? You have got to say I need some help because you've got an income issue and the more you work, if you were to get back up at $3,800 a month, Jade, she can work her way out of this 100%. And so Nicole, all I'm saying is we're gonna get you with one of our financial coaches. Who's gonna wa okay. Spend more time with you. Yeah, but listen. Okay. You've gotta get more income today and you've gotta get a community around you who say, you say, look, I need help with my daughter who's still going through this trauma over here. I need some support. 'cause I'm mama Bear, And, I. Gotta go make some money. And the more money I make with our financial coach. And, and we're gonna give you all the resources by the way, so Christian, if she needs total money, makeover every EveryDollar.


Give her everything. Give her everything we got. Christian's gonna take great care of You. And listen, if you don't thank you. I don't know if you go to church or not. I want you stepping foot inside of a church this Sunday. I don't care what you believe. You need people around you who want to help you and love on you. And they will do just that. Yeah. We're gonna walk with you Nicole. You're not on your own, but go get some income and watch this thing. Turn around, hang on the line. We're gonna take care of you. This is The Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle. The number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and Jade Warshaw is alongside triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's the phone number to jump in. We'd love to hear from you taking your money calls, your income related calls today. Matthew is joining us in Houston, Texas. Matthew, how can we help? Hey guys, how are you today? Good, How are you? I'm good, thank you. So I'm 25 years old career salesman. At the beginning of this year, I landed a new job, which I've been, you know, my income has grown drastically. And I closing on a house at the end of the month, And I. Just wanted to know, you know, at my age I want to start investing early.


I also want to be debt free. Is there a balance to investing, you know, post-tax dollars and paying off the home? Or should all of my excess cash just be going to the principal? And you know, I I start investing once that's paid off because, you know, at my age, the, the value of the compound interest, if I start now, I feel it could really pay off down the road. So, I. Just wanted to get your thoughts on that. Yeah, I mean, I, I think it's a good question to have And I think it's a question that a lot of people have. So you just closed on this home. Let's make sure you're in the position to begin investing. Do you have three to six months of expenses saved? I Do. Okay, great. And then at that point you would be considered baby step four, which is you're investing 15% of your gross income every single month.


Are you doing that? I haven't start, well, I contribute to my company's 401k plan, but other than that I haven't, I haven't started, which is pre-tax, but I haven't started investing any post-tax money yet. Okay, Good. so what, what I would say is whatever you're doing now, if you have, if you have access to a match through that employer account, I would invest up to that match. And you said it's an after tax? It's a pre-tax. It's pretax with my employer. So Okay. They match 3%. I'm contributing 6% right now. Okay. So, I would do up to the match and then I would go over to a Roth, IRA And, I would go ahead and max something like that out.


And then if you still have money left in your 15% of contributions, then you could go back out and get us close to maxing out that 401k as possible. The goal here is, again, for you to be investing 15% of your gross income, and most people do it on a monthly basis because, you know, you can kind of set it and forget it with your employer. And so that's what I would do. And then beyond the 15%, any money that you have extra, I would put it towards the paying off of the house. So that's the way we teach at 25 years old, you're not married yet, you don't have any kids yet. Right. So you can kind of forget for, for now about baby step five because you don't have any kids, there's no 5 29 that you need to really add to.


And so then for you, the next step is baby step six, you're putting extra money towards the house and you get to decide how intentional you're gonna be about that. Right. You don't have to go crazy like you did with the other baby steps, but you're a single guy. You could probably, you know, make a lot of headway on that. What do you owe on the house? So around 4 50, 4 60. Okay. I haven't even made my first mortgage payment yet. Yeah, You said you closed here, you haven't even closed yet, right? Or you just closed? I Haven't closed yet. Right. Okay. Yeah. And so that's what I would advise you to do. That's what I did and that's what I do. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna agree with you. I mean, I, I I love Jade's advice, follow it.


But I just want to commend you. I I love this excellent. I love this mindset that you've got, man, you haven't even made the first payment, thank you yet. And you're calling and going, what do I do first? You know, and but we want you to be set up for the long term and you're gonna have no problem getting rid of the house payment. And the reason I suggested you going to the Roth right after the 3% is we want that 3% match. I mean, obviously that's free money, but then I love the Roth option for you because on down the line, you're gonna want money that you have access to That's right. That you don't have to pay taxes on and that you don't have that required minimum distribution. And so that's why we would say that. Right. And then come back and you can fill up that 401k when you're done. Yeah. What do you expect to make right In the next 12 months?


I'd say around $400,000. Wow. My Son, I couldn't see, I've been wanting to ask that. I, I had to wait, I didn't wanna interrupt, but I, I was going, I had a sense that he was, that he killing it. He had jumped into a, he Just, well, when he told us the, the amount on the house, I was like, wait a second. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So here, here's the only reason I ask that. Again, this is all an exclamation point to j what Jade said. I can't add anything to what she said on that. With that kind of income, you're gonna be fine. You, you're going to be more than fine. So you'll just follow the baby steps. And with that kind of income, man, it is gonna be ridiculous. Okay. Have you gotten your hands on an Investment? Calculator? I, So I was just gonna mention I took a look at the am amortization schedule on the loan and that really just kind of ticked me off, you know?


Sure. So I wanna Let it tick you off, but go in order. Yeah. You know what I mean? Right. Like get your investment strategy because, because with that kind of income and, and, and what Jade's talking about with the Investment Calculator, it's one of her favorite things to do. It is, are you running some numbers for him? I'm gonna run a few numbers for my guy Because he's so upset about his loan, his, his, his mortgage, his amortization payment. We need to get his mind focused on this part of the advice. Okay. So then let's play a game. Okay. How much do you already have in retirement investments? Do you have any? Ooh, only maybe six or $7,000. Okay. I'll put 7,000 in there. Alright. And then let's say you contribute, let's see, 60,000 a year.


So let's say 5,000 a month. All right. And then we'll get you at 10, 10% rate of return. 'cause you make a lot of money, dude. If you don't do anything else from now until forever, like from now until 65. Oh, actually, hold on, hold on. Yeah, I was gonna say, I accidentally put in yeah, the wrong retirement age, but it's actually worth noting I put in 48. Like if you were to retire at 48, you'd have 5.3 million. Wow. I, I thought I put in, I thought I put in 65. Let's put in 65 and see what it says. Wow. If you go till 65, I'm shook. Tell him the number now. And I. Don't remind him what he's putting in every, every, every year.


No, this is monthly. Monthly. If you, if you put in 5,000 a month, 'cause you make 400,000. Yeah. That's 60 A year. That's 60,000 a year at a 10% annual rate of return. You already have 7,000 there. If you do this from age 25. You said you're 25, right? Yeah, I'm 25 Until age 65. You Sitting Down? Are you sitting down? Because I'm standing up 31 million. What? 30. Oh my god. 1 million. $31 million. That's crazy. I had to put my pinky. Yeah. Like on Austin Powers. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Wow. So now you're feeling a little bit better. I do. I feel a lot better. But no, and that's, that's really why I called you guys is 'cause I know that, you know, if I start now, by the time I'm That's right.


You know, 65, it's gonna make a huge difference. Right. And Huge. Oh by the way, and oh by the way, that doesn't mean you aren't paying your house off. You're still paying the house off. Yeah. Yeah. We didn't even talk about that. And we didn't even talk about the fact that, right. This is you starting, like this is not you at your full potential. You're still going up in the world. You're still on an upward trajectory. Yeah. Man, I thought Mike, I thought something was wrong with my calculator. No, that's 15% of your income. And oh, by the way, after you budget all that, you are now making extra payments on the house. Oh yeah. And you'll pay the house off before you know it. So this isn't an either or, right. It's both. And that's the point of the exercise. Sure. Matthew, I'm happy. Okay. That I know you, I'm happy I got to talk on the phone to you. Hey, check back in with us.


Sure. Keep letting us know how this goes because so many people need to hear this. If you can get these things firing on all cylinders, even if you're not making 400,000 a year, if you're making 200,000 a year, what is possible when you get ahold of your finances so early is so amazing. And for anybody listening, if you've never like played with a, an Investment Calculator, I suggest we have a great one. Ramsey Solutions dot com. You can check it out or you can just google Ramsey Investment Calculator and it'll pop up. But start playing with those numbers to see what your life can be. And, I mean. That's motivating at the very least. Yeah, Absolutely. Thanks for the call. I love the breakdown, Jay. That's always fun when, when we get into the numbers, 'cause you know, in his mind he's like, I gotta pay that house off.


I gotta pay that house. So, I gotta pay. And it's like, no, it's both and it's Both. And it's, it's Not either or. And fun to run those numbers. And boy, that's a staggering number. That is a staggering number. And let me just, And not many people make his money. No, they don't. I wanna At least call that out Or at that early in life At 25. Yeah. To be making 400 k. No, this, he's in a, he's in the top 1%. That's top 1%. One, 100% So. I just wanna at least call that out. But let's also, Ken, let's explain why we care so much about paying off the primary mortgage. Because tell us, at the end of the day, yes, we want you to have the compound interest, but at the end of the day, there is gonna be a time where you do not work and you don't wanna be making payments on a mortgage. Right? Your mortgage is the biggest line item in your budget.


You want that done and paid for by the time you're, you're, you know, that age so that you can just live. Yeah, I totally, totally agree. There's a young man that's living like no one else. And I promise you he's gonna be living like no one else. And also giving like no one else at a young age, by the way. Great stuff. Good hour. Jade. Warshaw. Alright. Does it for this hour there'll be more Ramsey show, I promise.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Welcome to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win in your work with that income of yours and win in your relationships when you're tackling things like money problems. Thrilled to have you with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is with me. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 two two five. Let's get right to the phones. Doug is joining us in Dallas, Texas. Doug, how can we help today? Hi. Hi Doug. Thanks for taking my call. You Bet. Well, I guess I'm trying to figure out the Next Steps for my family economically had a change in employment status.


Had a whistle blow in my last job after 10 years, unfortunately, and cost me my job. I had set my wife down before this happened to kind of explain what was gonna take place. I met with an attorney and made sure I knew kind of what was gonna happen and obviously it cost me my career and I've kind of been blackballed in, in the line of employment that I was in at this stage. I'm 55 this year, so I'm kind of running into some challenges with ageism and, and just kind of getting looked at dealing with navigating AI and, Okay.


So, so let's dive in here. so what were you doing? What, what industry were you in and what role were you playing? I was in health insurance in the healthcare Okay. Payer side and had been in the provider side for a number of years and moved over to the payer side. And I was in working in administrative services only accounts. What does that, what does that mean? I understand those words, but I'm not sure I understand what that day-to-day Looks like. So I was on a, an account that was a public funded account, taxpayer money that was paying on claims for public employees Team.


And so were you leading team serving in a leadership team? Were You leading a team? I was in team, yeah, I was in the leadership role. Okay. And and is that just your classic management role? Like if I, if you describe what you were doing day in and day out and you didn't tell me the specifics, you just told me how you were dealing with your team. Would I know that you were in health insurance? Yeah. Oh, okay. I kind of thought you were gonna answer that differently. That's why I led you into that one. The point is, is you were leading people and, and you can lead people. True or false? True. Doesn't matter the industry does it Mostly healthcare. No, no, no, no. Let me ask it a different way. You can manage people, you know how to lead a team of people that has a very clear direction and they have a very clear agenda attached to the direction you know, how to lead and manage people.


True or false? Yes. Doesn't matter if it is in healthcare or not, you know how to lead a team. True. Alright. That's where I'm going with this. I, I don't know what to say. And, I doubt. Jade does either We don't know that. We don't know the circumstances. There's no way for us to talk you through, well, you haven't been blackballed in the healthcare industry or you're not dealing with ageism. There's really no way for us to, to counter that. And, and, and, and, and so what we've gotta do is, is we assume that, that this is what's happening and then give you advice based on that. So first things first, And, I want, and Jade will weigh in here in a second. I, I would say that you can lead, you have a, an extensive resume.


A resume. You are 10 years with this one company. You can lead, you have transferable skills and transferable experience. And I would be looking in, in throughout multiple industries. And the narrative is, I was in healthcare for a long time, I don't wanna pivot, I wanna pivot. And, and, and it doesn't matter what happened in, in the situation where you felt like you had to blow the whistle on somebody and it ended up backfiring on you, but you get a new chance. You're out of a bad situation, sounds like to me. And so that's the issue that I would be focusing on, is I can lead people. And so if I've gotta go manage a Chick-fil-A yeah. Or an Applebee's, or I've gotta manage in a technology field, there are transferable skills and experience.


And that needs to be the narrative. Now on the ageism issue, if, if ageism is happening to you, and I'm not saying that it isn't, but if it is, that's because you are playing the normal game, which is, I'm gonna go on LinkedIn, I'm gonna go on all these company websites. And I am a I'm just a, I'm just a profile, I'm a digital profile and they see how old I am or you know, or I get in interviews where I don't have an edge, meaning I don't have a relationship and, and, and so now I am compared against other people. What you've gotta do is, and I'm gonna give you my book, the Proximity Principle as a gift, you have got to leverage relationships in these companies that you're going to. So that, and let's say I'm, I'm trying to get in a company, And I know Jade works there at company A, B, C, I gotta go to Jade and say, Jade, listen, we've known each other for X amount of years.


I'm gonna apply, I'm gonna do the online thing. In fact, I just submitted it today, but would you be willing to take my resume and would you hand it to this guy named Bart Jones? You know Bart over there? Yeah, I know Bart. She goes, I know Bart. And she walks by Bart's office or his cube and she puts a personal touch on it and says, I'm, I know this guy Kenny, he just applied. He's a really good dude. Here's how I know him. Here's how long I've known him. And I think he's a viable candidate. I can vouch that he is not a a wing nut psycho Yeah. Or whatever. That's the game, Doug, that you gotta play. Sure. Yeah. I've, I've leveraged on some relationships in different industries to get my resume in front of some people.


And I've, I've restructured my resume a couple of times to get away from a linear presentation. Good. To try to downplay the, the, you know, the, here's when I went to college, here's when I did this job. Here's when I did that job. I'll tell you what, I've got a template that will give you Christian, let's give, let's give Doug my free templates. I got six templates you can get@kencoleman.com. But I've totally flipped a resume on its head years ago. And this thing's been really popular and we just use common sense. Yeah. I have no HR background at all, but we were like, let's try this. And, and it really works. I've had Fortune 100 employees email me and say, I got through the list because my resume looks totally different than everybody else's.


And I'm not gonna go through a breakdown of it for sake of time. But Doug, it starts off with who I know that's the top of the resume. It says, Doug, whatever your last name is, and the first bold heading is who I know. And what you've gotta do there in order to fill that resume out is, is have a one or two or three or four or five degree connection to somebody in that company or, so you're making It custom for each, each one. You're customizing it For each one. And you're, or it might be industry specific. So if you're gonna get in the tech industry and go, I know so and so who's a leader of programmers over at big name company. And people start to go, oh, Doug knows. Doug knows some people. Yeah. Doug, I like it. Ken. Doug's connected. I'm saying try it again.


It only works if we're gonna actually leverage. Right, right, right. So here's my point, Doug, this is a numbers game. I'm trying to give you a pep talk here to go. I believe all those things happen to you or maybe happening to you, but that does not, that does not, you know, cancel you out. You can get hired. You will get hired, but you're gonna have to be really, really intense. Like, this is a, I am burning the ship's moment. I'm gonna keep going. I'm not gonna just sit, submit resumes and sit back and wait. I'm gonna submit resumes where I've got a person in that building who's willing to submit that resume as well. I'm talking to anybody and everybody I know going, Hey, I've been a leader for 10 years. I'm leaving my current company.


I'll lead anywhere, anytime. And you, this, this becomes your full-time gig is is is spreading the word. Talking about That's where opportunities show up on our doorstep, but absent of that kind of intentionality Yeah. And resilience. Yeah. You're gonna be calling us a year from now going, I've been trying to apply for jobs for a year. Nobody's paying attention to me. Yeah, I know. Because you're a ghost. Mm. You can't be a ghost. You gotta have gumption. There's your theme. Look up the word gumption. Doug. There's your new theme work. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored By BetterHelp. Alright, so we all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things, and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I bet there are things that you loved learning over the years, like gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us spend our lives learning deeply about anything other than ourselves. This fall, I want to challenge you, become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you, to regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere as so it's convenient for just about any schedule. You just fill out a brief online survey and get matched with a licensed therapist, and you can change it anytime for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Listen tickets for the live like no one else cruise are selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win in your work, and win in your relationships.


Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman, my colleague and friend Jade Warshaw is with me to take your calls. And by the way, she has got a very, very exciting announcement. I mean, you're, you're holding something fresh. Those, I'll take it from here. Ken, what you got? I'm just kidding. That looks good. You know what, today is the day, the official launch date of the Graduate survival Guide. This is five mistakes you can't afford to make in college. And if you notice, the color is the same as my nail polish. I was gonna point that out if You didn't listen, because they were like, did you do that on purpose? Yes. They were like, this book needs to be Jade because when it comes to college and making mistakes in college, Jade knows a little something about that.


Yes. And that is true. This book is literally crafted on the five biggest mistakes that I made going from a senior in high school. Oh. To a freshman in college. I love it. And so the book outlines five mistakes that I don't want your grad to make. Because if you're listening right now and you've got a college senior, if you're listening right now and you've got, I'm sorry, a high school senior, or if you've got a college freshman, this is for you. Yeah. Okay. So we're talking about great, Great little book. Look at that. Look At this. number one, it Looks good. Look at it's, it's just practical. The size is perfect. It's like there's no jacket on it. So it's like a journal. You can just knock around on this. You can put it in your backpack. It's not, but it reads can, it reads like a magazine.


See, this is What I like. The colors. Look at the graphics are super colorful. It's just Pay attention. Parents and grandparents. Yeah, because this younger generation, this is how they read. This Is how they read It looks like social Media that looks Yeah, I was gonna say, it looks like an Instagram post. It looks like Instagram. It looks like TikTok. And honestly it reads like TikTok as well. And So I. Talk about student loans. Ken, I talk about credit cards and avoiding credit cards. I talk about dumb choices when you're, you know, you buy your first car note, So I talk about how to buy a car in cash. I talk about what happens when you have no plan and you don't have a budget. I talk about what happens when you have no money in college and the desperate things that you start to do. And so this is the guide.


Here's the thing, your, your kids might not listen to you, but they might listen to me. Right? I think So I know I'm saying. I'm saying, I know my kids listen to you. My kids hardly listen. My kids don't even listen to me. They're five years old. But if my brother or sister tells 'em something, they listen. I agree. Agree. Because it's just another outside voice that they think is you're, You're Auntie Jade. I'm Auntie Jade. I like that. And that's how, actually, that's how I describe myself in the book. Ken. I did not know that. Yeah. I described myself as you're younger. You're older, yet surprisingly young looking sister. I love that. I love how you described yourself. Yeah. And so, yeah, this is the book. I want you guys to get this. It's out today. I guys, I've been there.


I went into can, let me tell you the dumbest mistake I ever made in college. I Wanna Know, I Wanna know I had a full volleyball scholarship and a full academic presidential scholarship. And I still took out student loans. Why? Because they said, Jade, you need to live. Right? Like you want to go to the homecoming game, you need to buy clothes, you need to buy groceries, you need a car. So you took out a loan just for the living expenses just to Live. I took out a student loan. Okay, here's dump thing number two. I remembered hearing Dave Ramsey say you buy a car in cash. Yeah. I took out a student loan and called myself saving that money in cash and then bought a car and thought I was buying a cash car. 'cause I used actual cash to buy it. That is, but it was loan money.


It feels wrong. That feels wrong. Wrong. But that's the kind of, listen, that's what goes on in the mind of an 18 and 19 and 20-year-old. We don't know. We don't know yet. Right. And so I'm trying to get into their mind and tell 'em, tell people Where to get it. Okay. You can get the on sale today. It's On sale today. Go to the Graduate Survival Guide. You can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. You can click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. Or you can check out my Instagram at Jade Warshaw. You'll definitely find it there. Get it today. This is the most important. If I had had this, I would've, I would've been a Scrooge McDuck by now. I would've had millions. I like the Scrooge McDuck reference. It's very fantastic. By the way, if you're watching on YouTube and you understand what I'm about to say, if you're listening on the radio or via the podcast or the Ramsey app you're gonna get with buying this book, you're gonna get a great suggestion of a nail color for all you ladies out there.


It's a neutral because you are, I don't know that that color's neutral, Ken. I guarantee You That's neutral matches everything. Don't that. Oh, it matches you. That's what that means. Yeah. It means it matches everything. Oh, I stand corrected. But that's one of the bonuses. The five mistakes, the five colors the same as your nails. Yeah. I'm gonna call that lemon meringue. It's called Lemon juice Kin. Is it For real? Yes. Well, that's close. I mean, I'll be honest with you. Way closer than I would've ever guessed. I thought you were gonna make fun of me for that. No, you're good. Good. So there you go. Ramsey Solutions dot com in the store to get the book right now. Fantastic. Can't wait for people to get that. It's a great gift that keeps on giving. Yes, it does. All right. Nicole is joining us now in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.


Nicole, how can we help? Hi. Thanks for taking my call. You're probably gonna think this is a stupid question. No. Speaking Of college loans, should I, should you take out, if you had the money for college, for college, should you take out a loan for the sole purpose of helping your child establish credit cycle score and a repayment history? What do you think the answer to that is? Take a guess. I think the, I think it's a dumb question. It's not a dumb question. I Think the answer is, I think it's a, I think the answer is don't take out the loan. Yeah. Survey says, but This is ding, ding, ding.


Other question. Okay. This Is my other question. And I know Dave has talked about cycle scores and apartments. How easy or hard is it for someone to rent? I've never had to rent an apartment. Yeah. So how easy or hard is it for someone a college graduate, 25, 26? It's not hard. Get Their first whatever. It's not hard. A repayment history. It's not hard. You just have to do your due diligence. It's not gonna be, it might not be the first apartment complex that you wander into. Right. So there are some complexes that say you have to have a credit score, but there's plenty that say you don't, or if you're renting outside of an apartment, if you're renting a house, maybe he and a couple of buddies rent a house or they rent a, you know, a condo or they rent a townhouse.


Something like that. Yeah. You can definitely find it. It's just gonna require you to do, like I said, it's not gonna be the first complex that you throw a rock at. You might have to visit a couple of them and let them know and just go in there with cash and say, listen, I've got cash for first and last months. They might charge you a little bit extra. That's fine. Just go in with the money and you, you'll be, you'll be fine. It's, it's not that big of a deal. Okay. Got it. That was it. Yeah. Great questions. Had it. No, no dumb questions. No dumb questions. It only dumb actions. Right? Yeah. Okay. I'm with that. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like we can all do dumb and we all have most definitely. But to ask a question before doing something dumb does not make it a dumb question.


Yeah. And for, and especially with her question, because it was based on what she's been hearing. Oh, a hundred percent. Oh yeah. And she knew by the way. Yeah. She knew by, by the way, just a little nugget here. The reason I did that with Nicole is because I could immediately tell that Nicole had a lot of common sense. Yeah. And So, I wanted to just illustrate before we weighed in on our opinion, that our opinion is not based on expertise, it is based on common sense. Okay. I'll Go with that. I'm not saying you aren't an expert. I I am not a self-proclaimed expert. Didn't Want Yeah. But you get my point. Yeah. It's not that we're smarter than anybody else, it's that all of our answers on this money stuff and we'll work stuff, it's all common sense based. Yes. So if you apply some, some, some sense to the situation.


Yes. In other words, if your gut's telling you this is probably a bad idea, listen, it's a bad idea. Is all I'm getting at. Yeah. You know, and, and so many things that we get into financial troubles, relationship troubles, professional troubles is where that little voice Oh, the red flag that, that feeling in our gut. Yes. We were like, I don't know that feel, that just feels, it's a feeling. Yep. And now I'm gonna get some other facts and I'm gonna get some other opinions and I'm gonna put 'em in a glass and I'm gonna stir 'em. Okay. Yes. You feel what's happening? Yeah. I feel what's happening. Keep going. And So then we talk ourselves out of The feeling, The common sense feeling.


And I'm gonna give you a little bit of research on this just so you don't think I'm woo wooing. No, I got you. I'm I'm nerding out. Okay. So I read a book written by a physicist and a neuroscientist. And they were talking about the gut feeling. And they described a test that some world class researchers did on grand master chess players. They put a heart monitor on 'em. What they found was, before every fatal move in a chess match, the chess player's heart rate spiked, telling them not to do it. They did it anyway. so what was the point of the study? That gut feeling is attached to your actual brain. Mm. Don't ignore it. It's your body saying Stop, stop.


Override the brain. Some call it a still small voice. There it Is. So that's all I'm saying. Trust that common sense. You're sensing it. Believe it. Alright. Quick break. More of your call is coming up. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey, it's Rachel Cruz And. I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here with all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love.


It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and Jade Warshaw is alongside, we're here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Time for our Ramsey show question of the day. It's brought to you by Why Refi. Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. Now you guys, private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally Mae. So to learn more about this custom refinancing option and a lump sum payoff option that you could qualify for after 24 months, go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's the letter YREF y.com/ramsey.


It may not be available in all states. Okay, today's question comes from Aiden in Massachusetts. He says, I'm 20 and attend college to get my bachelor's in electrical and computing engineering. I took Ken's get clear assessment and engineering was one of the careers that suggested, and it's the one I'm most passionate about pursuing. I currently work part-time for a retail store. And thankfully they're paying for my degree at no cost to me. But as excited as I am about my future, I'm discouraged because I still live at home and my job is not fulfilling at all. And on top of that, the process of getting my degree is a long and grueling process. Am I overthinking this or is this a thing most college students experience?


I could use a pep talk. Okay. Yes. And yes. Yes. You're overthinking it. And yes, this is normal for college students to go through this. There there is a rollercoaster where a college student first leaves the nest. Many are excited about it, many are scared about it. So whatever that range of emotion is. Yeah, yeah. That's the kind of the beginning, right? And then you, then you get there and, and, and for, again, let's just leave it. Most people are kinda like, I'm on my own living. My best life. Mom and dad aren't breathing down my neck, telling me to clean my room the whole nine yards. And then we start getting into classes and you know, depending on your situation, you're gonna deal with some hardship there.


Yeah. Very different ball game there. Sometimes it's a lot of harder depending on the major. You're on your own. You don't have a bunch of study aids. It's like, oh, hello, I gotta be an adult. Then we start moving into, okay, I know what I wanna do. And in this case, he knows what he wants to do. But he's looking at four years. Four years. And to have this emotion, it's very normal. Are you overthinking it? Yes. Because all you're thinking about is the climb. It's the climb. Thank you Miley. I'm sorry. Thank you. Miley Cyrus. That was actually perfect. What you're not thinking about is the destination. And so what has to happen is you have got to come up with a mental approach to I gotta do what I have to do so that one day I can do what I want to do.


And the only analogy that I could give here is a pep talk. And I'm gonna hand the baton to you. Okay. For your locker room speech. When I train for the half marathon and you're currently training for a marathon. Yeah. I hate to run unless I'm running in a game involving a ball and a victory in a pickle Ball paddle. But the idea of just running, I Just To run and So, I, remember in my training Jade, early on that I figured it out. And I would be approaching a long grade or a sizable hill. And that's where my hate of running wasted. That's when it rises up itself the most. Okay. To the point where it's like, you're a grown man, what are you doing?


You could stop right now and walk home, crack open a beverage and watch tv. What are you doing? This is, this is absurd. Yeah. And what I learned was, is what I'm describing here, I had, I had a mindset for the short term and the long term. So you know what I started doing? You may laugh at this. What? I stopped looking at the top of the hill. Genius. Once I knew that's genius. Once I knew the hill was there, I went, I gotta get to the top of that hill and I'm gonna feel better about myself. I'm gonna gain endurance. I, it's gonna be good for what I'm training for. But once I saw the top of the hill, I took my eyes off the hill. And. I started looking at my feet. And I. Literally mentally just looked at good Ken at one foot running against the next.


And, and when I just looked at, there's one foot, there's another one. I'm just doing this right here. And all I'm looking at, and occasionally I would glance up just to make sure I wasn't about to run into a parked car. Yeah. But I never looked at the top of the grade anymore. And. I. I'm gonna say, I think that's the approach. If you know that the degree is leading into the field that you want to be in, and you gotta get that degree. Yeah. If that's the case here. So the pep talk is a glance at the destination to say, that's what I'm aiming for. But now I better focus on one week, then the next week, the next week before I notice semester's over. And before I know it, I'm at the top of that hill. And. I will tell you the moment I adopted that I had a much better mental approach to running Hills.


And. I also tell you that I started measuring, my pace didn't drop off as much Because you stopped focusing on the thing that was freaking you out Stopped going, good grief, I gotta run to the top of that. And it was, nope, one foot, one foot. And. I would say to myself, one foot, one foot, one foot. Because you can't have two thoughts at the same time that, You know what, Ken, that's actually genius because that's, that's a big part of this. I agree with you 100%. You can't look at the summit. You have to look at where you're at in the moment. And I mean, this is not gonna sound very eloquent, but it's the truth. Hard work is hard work. Like people say hard work, like kinda like a euphemism. Like, well that's gonna take a lot of hard work Crap. I can't believe I gotta do that. And Then when you do it, they're like, why is this hard? Right? I'm like, hard work is hard.


But you can't look at, you can't look at like, like Ken said, you can't jump to the finish line. Right. Like right now I have an app that, you know, does my training for me, if I were to skip forward and look at a couple weeks from now, my heart will start pounding. It's a great illustration because I'll be thinking, oh, it's my gosh, there's no way I can run 20 miles. Right. Be because right now I can't. Right. But if I keep going day by day, by the time that day comes, I will be able to run 20 miles. So true. And so this guy, he's just gotta look at it one day at a time. Focus on the reward, focus on what it's gonna build inside you, because at the end of the day, yeah, you're gonna get this degree and you're gonna know how to do the things in the field that you need to know how to do. That's right. And that's motivating. And for you right now, what is your personal, what's your personal why for this marathon?


In other words, let's fast forward to race day. Yeah. And you're gonna finish. Let's not even think about your time. What is my personal why? What's your why on this? A couple of things. number one, I started hearing a lot of people with a lot of money run marathons. So you go, I want some of that. Heck yeah. Okay. And then I looked at Dave. I Love this And. I said if Dave Ramsey ran, ran a marathon. Oh, at, I think he was what? How old was he? James? Like 40 in his forties, I think. Older than that when he did it. Yeah. Mid Forties I think. I mean, I'm four. I'm exactly 40. And I'm like, yeah, if, if Dave can run a marathon, mom is gonna run a marathon. Okay. No, for sure. I like those. And then the other thing is, there's been two things that have really been definers for me.


One was when we paid off the 460,000 of debt, I was like, you can't tell me nothing. Like after this. Like nobody can, don't try to tell me anything. 'cause that just Right. Created a confidence. Yeah. The second thing was when I had my two babies, I was like, now you really can't tell me nothing. Yeah. That's tough. And now I'm like, if I can run this marathon mentally, that just, it's a toughness that I want. Have you have you, because you've done halfs before. Yes. It's so, it's not like your first time, but this is the longest and the most grueling workout. 26.2 miles. Are you hitting, are you experiencing that halfway mark where, where you start to hate yourself? Not yet. Or question your, your reason for living.


No, not yet. Last week, I, last weekend I ran 13 miles. This weekend I'll run 15 miles. And for me, And I, don't know, maybe I'm crazy, but for me, this is like, yes. Like I am like full dragon, ballsy, like powering up mode right now. Like I am. But you're telling me in the middle of the 13 mile run you're saying, I didn't, I didn't hit a moment where I had to press through. I have hit those moments. But Ken, you said it and it is so true what you say to yourself. Yeah. You can only have one thought attack. That is so good. Yeah. Because when I'm running, if you could hear my, my brain in my brain, I'm like, come on Jade, like you're a freaking boss, Jade. Right? Like you got this shit. Literally. Yeah. You have to talk to yourself like that because there's nobody else Yeah.


To say it. Yeah. So when I'm running, I'm by myself. Anybody else Telling me anything? 15 miles coming up this weekend? Yeah. Be you wanna do it? You wanna do it? Ken? I'll I'll zip along. Face along. Besides you on a bi on a bicycle. I mean, I, I I exercise, but I, I keep mine to short Pivots. Ken Coleman is in shape. Let me tell, let me, let me brag on you. And for any of, I know you guys, you want us to talk about money. I play Pickle, Pickle. This is all part of it. Mindset. I play pickleball with Ken and Ken. I'm saying this in your favor. Okay. Ken is older than me and older than a lot of the other players. He has more years on us. I'm the oldest. Ramsey, Personality, I can't answer, But Ken dominated the courts. Lemme just tell him that is true. Ken had on his sweatband and his bad guy hair was in his face.


That's true. And he he, he, he won. That's true. He was in shape before all of us. I was like, Oh, my gosh. But the thing I'm most proud of is how long I can play pickleball for. I can play for three hours. And I can keep going. Ken wanted to keep playing after the Pickleball tournament was over. Everybody Else is exhausted. They needed lunch. We needed a margarita. I tell you what I needed. I needed more competition. Feed me. He eats competition for breakfast. Feed me more competitors. I'm a gladiator with a paddle. This is The Ramsey Show.


Here at Ramsey we talk a lot about building wealth. And a big part of protecting your wealth is insurance. Having the right insurance is key to taking care of the things and people that are most important to you. When you work with our Ramsey Trusted Insurance pros and partners, you'll have the peace of mind knowing you're not paying for gimmicks, you're only paying for what you need. Get connected with a Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash coverage.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win in your work and win with your relationships.


So hey, we're about ready to get back to the phones, but I wanna let those of you know that are listening via radio. We're gonna continue with you after this segment. But for those watching on YouTube and listening via the podcast app that you prefer, this will be our last segment. Unless you move over to The Ramsey Network app, that's where you get the full episodes, the full three hours, the only place you can get it unless you are listing on radio So I. Just wanted to let you know that. And again, you can check out The Ramsey Network app in the app store or on Google Play. So check that out so you can get the full show.


We got some great calls lined up for the rest of today. What's Google Play? Google Play. That's just kidding. Oh, listen To me struggle. I was just making, I was like, well, it's a, alright, Andrew's joining us now in Toronto, Ohio. Andrew, how can we help today? Hi, thank you very much for taking my call. I, I actually live in Canada where everything is quite a long ways away. I live in the northern region of Canada. And I drive about 7,000 to 8,000 kilometers per month. And I was wondering, should I be looking at maybe leasing an electric vehicle or keeping my current gas SUV.


Okay. The, Is there anything you wanna add to that? You seem like you're gonna say something else. I was just gonna say because the amount I spend in gas each month is roughly $200 less than a electric car lease with the extra kilometers per 80,000 per year. So that's why I thought I, I'm usually very against leasing, but I thought, I don't know, is this the one time that there's an exception here? I'm not, not a hundred percent sure. Well, I think there's two, it sounds like there's two issues here. One is the affordability of your gas and if you wanna lower your gas bill. And the other issue is if you choose to change vehicles, can you afford it?


And you do have the cash to buy the vehicle. So let's look at it kind of separately for that purpose. First off, for your gas SUV, what are you spending now? How many dollars are you spending a month to fill it up and do all that? About About $1,280. So that's the average in the past three months. I, I looked at. Okay. And you're saying that with an electric vehicle, you could lower that by $200? No, so the electric vehicle with, because leases usually only go to 24,000 kilometers here in Canada. So buying the extra kilometers, which is 8 cents a kilometer, totals me about 1400 ish per month for, for leasing on a two year lease.


And the reason is because I I I'm assuming there's no residual value left in the electric car. And if there is, it'd be small. So the, the warranty is for 160,000 kilometers And I thought, well I'll probably reach that within two years. So, you know, leasing it over two years. Then here's the keys. And I don't have to deal with the speculation on how consumers are going to perceive the value of the electric Car Once it's done. Well Here's, here's the thing. I'm never gonna advise you to lease a vehicle and I'm never gonna advise you to go into a car note for a vehicle for the lease. I'm not going to suggest that because it truly is the most expensive way that you could possibly operate a vehicle. Even though you're like, Hey, it's electric, there's, you know, rebates that I'm gonna get all that.


When you, when you do the math on how the payment is, how they come to the conclusion of the payment, you're gonna realize Oh, my gosh, this is the most And, I can go over that in a minute. What I would do if I were you, it kind of feels like you're going from one extreme to another. You've got a, the electric vehicle on this end, but then you've got a gas SUV on this end. What if you had a gas gasoline car that wasn't guzzling as much gas? What if you did that? So I would kind of advise you to look at your options, but at the end of the day was really gonna inform this is how much money you have. Do you have money to spend on a new vehicle? And that's really where my mind is So I. I own my current vehicle and yes, I I I do, I I actually teach corporate finance of all things.


But yeah, I have enough to, you know, if I was to go into a dealership comfortably buy a vehicle, I would gonna buy a lot instead. But, you know, if I have to buy a car with it, that's, that's no, no, no issue. But honestly my current vehicle is, is fine. It has a lot of life left to it. Okay. You know, it's just more of, you know, the fact that, you know, there's a depreciation expense. Right. And yeah, there's a, there's a, a gas expense and because It's, and by the way, when you lease a car, the depreciation is built into the price of the lease. Like That's correct. Built in So I. You're not getting, you're not avoiding that. No, I, what, what I am saying is, you know, if I, I could buy the electric car in cash except the car salesman said once they're out of warranty, they're really only worth, you know, maybe, you know, 15 or 20,000, you know, in, in residual value.


And he gave an example 'cause he had one that he, he recently had to buy and he said it's because consumers don't realize he can, you know, maybe replace the, the battery. But you know, still it's kind of early. And so that's, I mean, to to point to your point, we are seeing, I mean we're getting more and more people calling in saying, I bought an electric vehicle, it's now barely a year later and the value has gone down substantially. So there is, there are issues there. I I'm not necessarily saying that I'm in favor of you having an electric vehicle. You're just saying, Hey, this is what I want. What I'm simply saying is if you decide to do that, I would buy it outright. And I would buy it used, I would not lease it. So that would be my advice to you. Okay.


I mean, you're grown, so you'll probably go away from here and you'll do what you choose to do. But that would be my advice. Okay. And I'm gonna stick with my, my gas car then. Okay. The only incentive I thought was the lease payment was cheaper than the gas, but you know what the way that you, But I don't understand. I don't understand why not, why not even maybe try to come to the states and get a used electric car? That's What I'm thi Would they be under warranty though? Right. And how long do those electric car batteries last in lifetime? You're Asking the wrong cat because I don't, I don't want an electric car ever. I I'm a classic car guy. In fact, the older the car the better for me. So, I'm just being honest. I don't know. I'm asking you. So you came at us with a lease Till about 200,000 kilometers and then they, they they have like a, you have to pay 20,000 for a new battery to be installed.


Yeah. And Andrew. Okay, good. So, so in my asking that you've given yourself another, an answer as to why it's not a good play for electric cars in general, and There's another part of this with the amount that you're driving. And I don't know, I don't have an electric vehicle. I only talk to the only person I know who has one, which is George. And the few calls that come in here about them is the charging, like there's more to the charging than meets the eye. There's the time. Yeah. And then if you want to do the quick charge that costs more. Do you know what a battery sure costs For my gas car? Why would you buy something? Here's, here's what I, and I'm not even Andrew, I, I'm, I, I don't even know why anyone would buy a electric car based on what you just told me. Because it's like once the battery goes, That's that and you have to know where you can charge it.


You're driving long distances. Can it make that distance? Like how many trips can you make per charge? That's the way my brain is thinking. That feels like a headache to me. So as they say on Shark Tank, for that reason I'm out. Yeah, yeah. I love that By way. And that means I'm out too. So I was leaning towards keeping the car, but I, the math was going the one way I'm like, ah, this can't be true. Yeah, let's let, let's call the Dave Ramsey show. But I'm glad you guys Agree. Yeah. But you know, as a society, we really don't know enough about these cars to make a, Is your car, are you using your car for your own business or do you work for someone else and that, that requires you to do all this driving My own business. So you do write that, you write off all those expenses or at least every expense that you can.


Correct. I don't, I mean on the car. So that's, that's at least a positive, you know? Yes. There's some breaks there about running that through your business. But I mean that, that's just, that's what it is man. And that's the nature of what you're doing. So you gotta build into that. You know, my retained marines on a business like that would be like car replacement fun. 100%. 100%. I'd have a line item on that. Yeah. Car replacement. Are you doing that Andrew? No, I, I usually include travel in with my consulting practice, but I have, I usually include travel and the price that I give for the, the engagement. But that, that's great. Charging dis might Be a better idea. Great. Well no, that's great. But what I'm saying is, is, is I would, Jade, you're with me. I if you're gonna do that, I would put all that money into a car replacement fund.


Yeah. It is a huge part of your business, my friend. I See what you're saying. Like you should be putting, well let's just run this through. We've got about a minute and a half. I'm gonna give it to the budget guru walk you. So how much, how much money do you pay yourself Right? Me? Right now? Yeah. 150,000 a year. Okay, great. And do you have some margin, I'm guessing you have some margin in the business after you pay yourself? Pretty much. Yeah. I, I usually keep very little profit in the business to, to minimize corporate taxes. But how much money could you put away real quick? How much money could you put away a month in your business for a car replacement after paying yourself at all expenses?


About 1,500 probably. Yeah. Do that. That's great. I'm doing that today. Yeah, I would too. I mean, you've got some margin there. Start putting a car replacement fund in your corporate bank account and, and, and boy, that's gonna be great. Good hour, Jake. Good hour. Great call. Enjoy that. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.