
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host number one bestselling author, and RAMSEY personality. Ken Coleman is my co-host today as we answer your questions about your life and your money, the phone number is eight eight eight two five five two two five. Merry Christmas America. We're so glad you're with us. Brittany is gonna start this segment in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hi Brittany, how are you? Hi. I am wonderful. How are you today?


Better than I deserve. What's up? I've got a question for you. So my husband And I have started doing the baby steps. We have started our budget and we are just trying to figure out where do we put this leftover money that we have at the end of the month. I have quite a few student loans as well as our car payments. We have a credit card and we have a $10,000 personal loan that my husband just had to take out because he had issues with his truck. So I'm just trying to figure out what, what's the best bang for our buck as far as this leftover money that we have at the end of the month?


Okay. $10,000 worth of issues on a truck? Yeah. Or in the World. What? So apparently the engine had some kind of issue and it's a no manufacturer problem recall hasn't happened yet, but yet it's gonna be, it's gonna be, give or take about seven to 10,000 to fix it. Okay. Yeah. And you, you already took out the loan? Yes, he did. But work hasn't been done first.


They're starting it and doing it now. Oh, Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. So the first step to getting outta debt is quit borrowing more. That's why I was asking. So the baby steps are your order of attack. That's what they're for. So we start with number one. Do you know what number one is? I have to have a thousand dollars emergency fund Starter. Beginner emergency fund. Do you have a thousand dollars? Yes sir. Do you have more than a thousand dollars? We have about $1,600 in our savings account right now. Good. Okay. So we're gonna take 600 of that and any other money we can squeeze out of the budget and we're gonna apply to baby step two, which is the debt snowball.


Does that sound familiar? Yes sir, it does. Okay. And the debt snowball is where you list all of your debts. Smallest to largest except your home pay minimum payments on everything but the little one and attack the little one with a vengeance. Yes. What's your smallest debt? It's about a, and that's, I guess that's my biggest question is within my student loan. It's a bunch of smaller little ones. Okay. What is your smallest debt? Or that's They're little debts. They're small, some small student loans. It's not a by category, it's by debt. 2000, what? It's It's a $2,000 student loan.


Okay, good. So we're gonna throw $600 outta savings at that and any other money we can throw at it and try to get that paid off in about a month here, right? Yes. Okay. What's your household Income? We make about 215,000 a year. Okay. Him And I both combined. Excellent. And what's your next smallest debt? It's another $3,000 student loan. Good. I want both of those gone by the end of January. Okay. Including the 600. We're pulling outta savings. You see how we're doing this? Yes. Boom. Just like that. Yes. And EveryDollar, we can squeeze outta this wonderful income that you have.


We're going to attack, attack, attack, attack, attack. Now if you do not need but $7,000, then take three of that borrowed money and put it back on that loan. Okay. And you have a $7,000 loan for your debt snowball instead of a 10. Right. Okay. And it sounds like everything, the truck's already down there and this deal's already done. I might have challenged even how to fix the truck, but it sounds like we're already cows outta the barn on that one. So Yeah. But good news is you have a fabulous income. What is the total of your debt?


Well, not counting our home. Right. It is 125,000. Oh, Excellent. If you live on beans and rice, you'll be outta debt in a year. That's the plan. Okay. I Love it. And no eating out and no vacations and no more borrowing money. And we're gonna attack this to the tune of about 10,000 bucks a month and we're gonna be outta debt in one year. And that still leaves you a hundred and something thousand dollars to live on. Oh darn. Yeah. Wow. That's a pretty cool plan. That's how you do it. That's your order of attack. And then once that's gone, we go back to the a thousand dollars account baby. Step three is we raise it up to three to six months of expenses. A fully funded proper emergency fund.


'cause a thousand dollars is not enough. We all know that. And then once that's done, then you do baby steps four, five, and six simultaneously. Four is you start putting 15% of your income away in retirement. Five as you start funding your kids' college. Six is, we throw everything else we can get our hands on at the house and get the house paid off. Usually takes about five or six years to knock it out. And then once you finish that up, you're at baby step seven, which there's nothing left to do then, but become very wealthy and outrageously generous and it just works, Ken. Yeah. Because it's momentum. And I think it's so great to hear new callers, new people coming in, listening to what Dave just laid out. The secret to the baby steps that Dave figured out a long time ago is the sheer momentum, the emotional momentum of knocking out those debts and seeing that there is a path out of this.


'cause for a lot of people, $120,000 of debt, just the sound of that is bone crushing. And so to understand that we can do this one step at a time, it's really, really huge. And I gotta say back to that truck issue, something like that happens. I think people automatically, Dave, they default to I've, I've gotta go into debt 'cause this is my car. And they don't sit there and go, what are all of my options right now that don't require taking out debt? Yeah. They just immediately default to, well, it's my car. And that's a bit of a trap. It is. And and well here's the thing. Most Americans, that's a good point. Solve their problems with a debt payment.


They get a new debt to solve a problem. That's right. I wanna go to college. I don't have any money. So I'm now, I'm a student loan. I don't have a car. I like that car. Now I don have a car payment. Right. And I wanna go on vacation And I don't have any money. So now I have a vacation loan. Oh wait a minute. Christmas, this year's in December, it caught me off guard. Oh, that's gonna be some credit card debt. Anything that's a surprise. And everything seems to be a surprise. We solve our problems with a new debt payment and you're, you're gonna be in debt the rest of your life. And that's what the banks have taught you to do. And that's, it's a mindset that Ken, you're exactly right. It has to be broken where you say, I don't borrow money anymore, so now what am I gonna do? Yeah. Yeah. Remember the old Freight off the table?


It's not, it's not even on the table. Graham Used to say where there's a will, there's a way. Yeah. And I believe if you will yourself to not use debt as an option, you can get pretty innovative. In fact, that's where innovation comes from. A lack of resources. That's the very nature of innovation. They figure out a way to solve a problem. Yeah. People that have a lack of resources get more creative. Always. Yep. Always. I have gotten very creative many times over the years once I drill line in the sand that said, I don't borrow money. So that's part of her story going forward. Now, that's the plan. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you guys, when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt for example, it might seem weird at first and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird if that means you're doing things intentionally, including how you spend your healthcare dollars. And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM isn't health insurance. They're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom programs. Start as low as $98 a month, find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budgets. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Ken Coleman RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose. He's my co-host today. The phone number here is triple eight eight two five five two two five Ray in Houston, Texas. What's up Ray? Hey Dave, how are you? Better than I deserve. How can I help? Okay, So I am 27 years old And I just finished filing, well, I mean, just completed chapter seven bankruptcy And I have no idea what to do next. Wow. Financially at all. I'm sorry. Wow. Yeah. Are you working? Are you working?


Yeah. So right now I am just bartending, I'm still trying to find a job in my career field in the meantime. Which is What what field is that? I have a degree in chemistry. So I was working as a lab assistant, but it was a contract based and my contract wasn't renewed. So What's the path though? What's the ideal path that led you to a chemistry degree? Where do you want to be? I, I thought I just wanted to be a chemist. I'm not sure if that's still what I wanna do at the moment, So, Well, no, I'm not worried about the moment, but I am trying to think about this long-term play.


'cause now you're, you're, you're rebuilding your life. So is chemistry off the table a career in chemistry off the table or is it still on the table? It's still on the table. Still on the table. What's that income look like? What would be a top, top income in your field? Usually like around 70, 80,000. Okay. So Ray, what happened? Why'd you file bankruptcy? I was married and we divorced And I was, I also lost my contract job. So I just had a lot of debt and I just stopped paying for everything And I felt like there wasn't any other options to do except follow chapter seven.


Okay. What was the debt? I had a car loan for about $35,000. It was about $15,000 in credit card debt. And my student loans, which is about 60, They're not bankruptable. Well, I actually was able to get them discharged actually. Oh, they're Private. They're a private student. They're private student loans then. Okay. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Alright, good. All right. So when I was 28, many years ago, I filed bankruptcy chapter seven. I lost everything And I went through it.


It was very painful and a lot of shame that I had failed because I had, and it took some of my confidence away. And so the, what what I, the way I chose to react to that was to do an autopsy on my stupidity and say, what put me here? What are the things I believed that were obvious lies that put me here? You follow me? Yeah. In other words, if you're gonna go through that kind of crap, at least learn the lessons, right? At least pass the test if this is a test, at least pass the test so you never go back for those reasons.


So you, you, you bought an education you couldn't afford, you bought a car you couldn't afford and you had no savings. So when you went through a job loss and a divorce, everything came tumbling down because you had a lot of debt and no money. Does that sound right? That's Correct. Yeah. That's the CSI on your deal. So how do we recover from that? Well, we do the opposite of that. We pile up cash and we have no debt. And that's what I've been doing now for 35 years. It worked too, by the way. Good news. So next time you need a car, you pay cash for it or you don't buy it the next time you need to take a class, you pay cash for it or you don't buy it the next time you need to dot, dot, dot fill in the blank stupid American thing we do.


And don't do it unless you pay cash for it. And part of my written monthly budget for the rest of my life, from age 30 to age 64 today has been the first line in my budget is giving, I'm a Christian And I tithe to my local church. That's the first line, first thing that happens to money when it comes to us. The second thing that happens is savings. And then we eat. We're always gonna give and we're always gonna save and we're always gonna eat. But we don't purchase crap while we've not been generous and while we've not saved money.


These are basic principles and they're kind of common sense if you think about it. But no one does them, Ray. And that's why most people are broke. This is how you recover kiddo. And you do what Ken's talking about. And you start, let's get your, let's get your career in business. Okay? You're, you're not, you're not tending bar because it's what, what was your goal when you were 16 years old? You're tending bar because that's where you're hiding. While you're recovering from these wounds of a lost job, a bankruptcy and a divorce. You've had three major blows emotionally.


So I want you to come out of the cave and go be who Ray's supposed to be, which is a chemist making a hundred grand a year or whatever it is you wanna do. I don't care, but God made you to go do something. So let's get, let's get that figured out 'cause that's gonna bring you in more money than you're making now. More satisfaction than you're making now. And then you can start saving and giving and avoiding debt going forward with a plan. Is that all that makes sense? It makes sense. Yeah. Ray, I just wanna add that Dave, I I, I'm curious to know what you would say to this, having walked through this yourself, but Ray, I've got a friend of mine, he's a big fitness expert and he says, exhaust the body, tame the mind. And I think there's a a bit of a truth there for you in this situation, in the form of not especially working out, but I think you need to be working as much as you can.


I'd like to see you make the transition into your field because that's your greatest potential for income. But whether you're working at a bar or you're working three or four jobs right now, I think you need a mental win. And I think you do it two ways. You're working so hard that you have nothing else going on and you're piling up cash as Dave says. 'cause I think you need the emotional win. And I think you need the mental win and not beat yourself up anymore. I think you need to see yourself establish that bank account and get it growing and watch yourself get some momentum of putting cash in the bank so that you convince yourself, I can actually do this. I'm not a moron. I'm not the only person that's ever gone bankrupt.


Dave Ramsey has, and he's done well since. So I, I just think that would be my encouragement to you. Stay busy right now. Be as busy as you can. Not to detach, but to grow from this and to exhaust your, your work body and your work mind so that you can say, Hey, I'm actually winning And I can build myself back up. I can come out of these ashes. That would be my recommendation. I think that's the best thing coming off of a big loss. Amen. Because I think it's traumatic. Well, and what happens is you start getting some wins and it rebuilds your confidence. That's that's part of answering the question. Yeah. How do I recover? That's It is you rebuild your confidence.


I had to and it worked. Amy is in Dallas. Hi Amy. How are you? Good. How are you guys doing? Better Than we deserve. What's up? Hi, I'm just curious, is it, is it up to the employer's discretion to allow or not allow a conversion from traditional 401k to Roth 401k? I've asked multiple times and my answer has been they don't do it. If the 4 0 1, the, the employer sets the rules of the 401k in place, some do not have a Roth option. Mine does. Mine does have both. So I I I've since done contributing to Roth, but I was hoping to, I mean, your company offers a Roth 401k and a regular 401k.


Yes Sir. Then it is not up to the employer's discretion. They're telling you they won't let you do it. Correct. Like, huh, That's weird. Okay. I It's not their money. And they have rules that they have the place to put the rules in place, but, and if they chose not to have a Roth option, they can do that for everyone. But they can't select look at you and say, no, you can't do this. This is a small employer. No corporate America, Huge. You need to get, you need to get above this idiot's head. Somebody in HR is making a huge mistake. No, they do not have the right to deny you.


If they're offering the plan to everyone, they're offering the plan to everyone. It's, you can't say some employees can do this and some can't. That's not, it's not the way 401k rules work. So I think you gotta dig into this and learn a little bit more. There's something weird here. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean, but I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


No one wins at anything big By accident. Winning is not an accidental thing. You have a great marriage. It's not an accidental thing. It's not a random lightning strike. If you have a fabulous career, you build wealth. It's not, it's not random. You do it. A series of intentional acts when you're handling money. The very basics of handling money is to handle it instead of wondering where it went. And that's telling it what to do. That's why we developed the world's best budgeting app called EveryDollar. EveryDollar will help you give EveryDollar a name and make EveryDollar behave and do what it's supposed to do. My friend John Maxwell says, A budget is people telling their money what to do instead of wondering where it went. My friend Zig Ziglar used to say, if you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time. Most mediocre people aim at nothing and then they're shocked that their life is mediocre in a category or in general. Winning is an intentional act. Aim at something, do it on purpose. You can download EveryDollar, the budgeting app. I'm talking about 50 million people have. That's a lot. I wish all of 'em were using it, but wow. Pretty cool. But download it for free in the app store or at Google Play.


Alex is in Atlanta. Hi Alex, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, thanks for having me. Sure Man. What's up? Hey, So I had a quick question. It might be a little complex, but you know, my dad's been disabled my whole life and he's had multiple heart attacks. My mom's been fighting with stage three cervical cancer. You know, I wanna know if it's honorable to go a thousand dollars into debt to be able to take my wife and kids down to go visit them and take them to Disneyland and what my parents used to do with us when we were kids so they can, you know, I don't know when the next time we're all gonna take Your kids to Disneyland. Your parents? All of us.


Oh, your parents' health will allow a Disneyland trip In a wheelchair. Yeah. Disneyland or Disney World in Orlando. Disney World in Orlando. Where? Where's mom and dad? He just got cleared to fly from California to Florida to visit my grandmother and my sister. She just had a baby too. Okay, I'm just trying to, Yeah. So what's your household income sir? I bring in anywhere from 80 to 120. Why can you not find a thousand dollars? Dug myself a little hole before I had kids and bought more expensive cars than I should have.


And I'm paying the price now. So you don't have a thousand dollars, you make $120,000 a year, you don't have a thousand dollars. I have 2000 in savings and 2000 Then take a thousand dollars and go to Florida. Okay. Why did you call me and ask me to borrow money when you have $2,000 in your savings account? Oh, I wasn't calling to borrow. I was calling just for some insight. No, you were saying is it honorable to borrow money because my parents are sick and dying So I can spend some time with them before they leave this earth And I have to borrow money to do it. But you don't have to borrow money to do it. Yeah, I was just trying to figure out if I should keep the thousand dollars or 2000 for, So let, lemme rephrase frame this for you.


Okay. If you borrow a thousand dollars, you're not borrowing it for your sick parents. You're borrowing it to put it in savings. It the same thing. Yeah. If you take a thousand dollars out of savings and you borrow a thousand dollars for this trip and put it back in savings, it's the same thing. So you're really not borrowing for the parents' trip. You've worked this whole drama thing up in your head. You're really borrowing so you don't have to deplete your little savings account. See the difference? Yeah. Now what this is, if I'm you is my wake up call, it's time to do some different stuff.


Alex agreed. Yeah. You make too much money to be this freaking broke. You work too hard to be this freaking broke dude. Yeah. What's, what's the depression from? You sound like you're walking around in a mud hole. Just trying to figure out the way, I mean I've, you know, I've read the books, I've read your books and You have the energy of a hound dog in the sun. What's the deal, man? I mean, are you depressed? You know, I think it's just hard watching your family suffer your whole life and then you try and you're trying to prevent that from happening in your house and with your kids and trying to make everybody happy and trying to, you know, be happy yourself too.


And make all the right choices. Sounds like you're exhausted. Yeah, I think you're emotionally exhausted. So here's the thing. You make $120,000 a year, the plan you've been working is not working. Can we agree with that? Oh yeah. You work too hard. You make too much money to be as broke as you are. So take a thousand dollars outta the account is the answer to your question. And go visit your mom and dad. Take 'em everybody to Disneyland, that's fine. But when you get home, man, it's time to sell some cars. It's time to cut up the credit cards. It's time to put everybody on a budget. And I don't care if the 14 year old's happy, by definition. 14 year olds are not happy anyway.


And So I don't really care. That's true. That's the deal. So I don't know if you got a 14-year-old, I just made that up, but I take, you said you're taking kids to Disney. Maybe it's the 8-year-old that's not happy. Well, definition of eight happy when you're eight is you have shelter and food and dry clothing that fits. That's it. After that, everything else is a spoiled freaking American. So, you know, it's okay to have some nice things, but it's not okay to have some nice things when you can't afford them and you can't afford them. You guys have gotta change your ways, man. This is your wake up call when you make $120,000 a year and you have to call some guy on the radio that you've never even met.


To ask permission in your mind or to ask insight in your mind to use a thousand dollars of your $2,000 savings account. That's signaling, that's flares going off time for a change. Time to do something different, dude. Now he's gonna have to get comfortable disappointing some people or really, to be honest with you, he's gotta be okay with what he perceives as disappointment. When in all reality it's just not there. That's what I hear. I hear a guy that's just overextended and he's just lost all reason because he's trying to emotionally feel good about himself, make sure everybody else feels good about him. And he gets to this point where he calls and says, is it okay to take a thousand dollars out on a credit card just to pay for this trip?


'cause I feel like I gotta make my mom and dad happy. 'cause they made me happy. I heard that throughout the entire description. And I feel bad for him. I Really do. But it's not even, it's not even on the, it's not even an issue. It really isn't. So that's not the issue. It's All in his head. So guys, one of the things you have to do in this regard, and is all of us, Dave included, me included, rationalize our purchase. And one of the rationalization methodologies that we use is that we are doing this for someone else. And when you un when you unpack it, most of the time that's just not true.


Yeah. Example, okay, little family has a brand new little baby. We spend $26,000 redoing the nursery. Promise you little baby has no freaking idea. You did not do this for the baby. It does not change the baby's environment. It does not change their developmental skills. It does not increase their intelligence. All absolute hogwash. You did this for yourself, you did this so your friends could walk in and go, oh, it's so cute. And they're not talking about the baby, they're talking about the nursery. And so babies don't give a crap. All they want is a dry diaper and some food.


That's all they that. And a good hug, that's what a baby needs. That's it, man. It's simple. They don't need $26,000 worth of nursery equipment. Now, if you have $26,000 extra laying around and you wanna spruce up your home, do something nice, do it. I can promise you, Sharon Ramsey's doing that right now for Christmas, for no apparent reason, but that she has the money. And that's okay. But that's different than I'm broke And I, I did this for my child. No you didn't. Your child is three months old, they don't have a freaking clue. Hello Christmas present purchasers. Who are you really buying for? Think about it.


I don't mind you being, I'm not the Grinch, but quit using the little children as my rationalization. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright? Hey, it's that time of year when it's getting a little colder. It's getting dark earlier and sometimes we just wanna stay inside and get cozy. For me, the perfect night at home when I'm trying to be cozy is me and my whole family under a bunch of big blankets. Watching the TV show or reading a book, whatever your perfect night in looks like, therapy can feel a bit like that. A time when you can settle in, get cozy, replenish your energy and take care of yourself. Therapy's a great way to bring yourself some comfort, especially during the chaos and rush of the holiday season or any other time of year. Taking the time to pause and be mindful is one of the reasons I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist just about anywhere so it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. If you don't know, we have The Ramsey Network app that is free 100%. There is no subscription anywhere around it. All you gotta do is download it and start using it. And it carries the third segment of the show every day on video and audio that is not available on podcast or YouTube. And you can search by call subject, say I wanna talk about high yield savings accounts. And you pull up four or five times what we've talked about it on the air without having to listen to 26 hours of, of podcasting to get there. So if you're looking for a specific thing, you can do that and you can communicate with us by email, which is exactly what Adam did.


Today's Ramsey Network app question is of course from Adam. He says, could you please explain how to know if I can be self-insured? I'm 47, married with two daughters in their teens And I have $250,000 in investments. I believe my current life insurance policy, which I bought from a relative is overpriced. But I'm afraid to change brokers. At what point can I pull the plug on having insurance? Hmm. Okay, well we're talking about life insurance. And so the way you answer the question and back into it is, if you die, what can your wife survive if you die this year? Okay, can your wife survive on the investments in the situation that she's in?


Generally speaking, we would tell folks to be self-insured. You would need to be 100% debt-free house in everything. And the kids are grown and gone and there's a substantial investment and you could, she could live off of the income that the investments create. So if she made 10% on 250,000, that'd be $25,000 a year. And she's got two teenage daughters. No, I don't think you're self insured. Yeah, I agree. You gotta replace your income. Now if you make $60,000 a year and you have a million dollars, well the million will create, you know, 80 to a hundred thousand a year in income for your wife without touching the million.


And your kids are groan and gone and your house is paid for. Well, your wife actually gets a raise if you die. Yeah, Right. Then you're self-insured. Right? And so if your investments will replace your income and or the fact that you're debt free and or the kids are grown and gone, that puts you there. But dude, you're not, I I would not tell you to do this.


Now if you're getting ripped off on insurance, it's time to have some courage and talk to Xandr Insurance and get some, the proper amount of term insurance in place. It's not that expensive. Even at 47 if you're, if you're not overweight and you don't smoke term life insurance is just cheap.


And Xandr Insurance can shop among a bunch of different companies. Get you the right deal, get that in place. And I wouldn't even contact the relative, I would just contact the insurance company and cancel it. Your relative may not even be in the business anymore. If they are, they might not even notice the cancellation come through. Yeah. And if they do, when they call up, just go, you know, I just went another different, I went a different direction. You're not required to get into a long explanation with someone that sold you something that you believe is overpriced except goodbye. Yeah, agree. And you know, this isn't scary. I, I know it seems scary, but this is again, the kind of the law of the unknown.


The thing we don't know anything about. We wanna leave it alone because it seems scary or time consuming. And Colin Zander, you're gonna find out how seamless this process is to get properly insured. There's nothing to be scared about for switching. Yeah. Well he just, he, he says, I'm afraid to change brokers. He is afraid of the conflict with the relative. That's what I'm mouths to. Oh, Okay. So I I didn't read that. I'm, I'm reading that anyway. Yeah, I got, that's what I get. So. Well, You know what? Same deal there. What are you afraid of? Yeah, I mean if you wanna pay extra money just 'cause you don't wanna deal with disappointing a family member. That's just not the way I wanna live. Oh, I'd rather save money. Yeah. Well, and there's, you know, why would someone that loves me overcharge me?


Yeah. There's the other side of this. It's like your point, who is it? I'm disappointing here. The person who's supposed to be having my best interest at heart and yet overcharge me. So Yeah. I don't, I'm gosh, sorry I'm disappointing you, right? Yeah. Who cares, right? Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, get your, get your term insurance in place, the proper amount. You're not self-insured yet, I don't think, I don't think your wife wants to live on 25,000 a year. I could be wrong, but I don't think she does. Derek is in St. Louis. Hi Derek, how are you? Hi Dave. Been a big fan for a long time. Thanks. I'm great, thank you. The reason I'm calling today is my wife would like to quit her job and stay home with the kids.


About 10 years ago, we built a house on the family farm, which I now run. We've got a little over $2,000 a month mortgage. And I'm just afraid if she quits, we're barely gonna be able to pay all the bills. We also have, we have three children. The two older ones are both in Catholic school because we didn't want them in the public schools here locally. Okay. So what is your income? What do you make a year on running the farm? I, well I also work full time off the farm. Oh good. What do you, what's your income if she quits? So my take home pay from the job is a little north of a hundred thousand.


It's about $5,200 a month. Pay home. That's right her whoa, whoa, whoa. A hundred thousand is 8,300. You don't have 3000 in withholding. Ooh. Well there's also 401k and health insurance and Okay. How much is going into 401k 15% right now. And are you in baby? Step four, you're out of debt except the house. All but my car, which is a $5,000 loan, I drive it for work. That's the only debt. Yeah. And how much, how much do you have in savings other than your 401k?


I'd have to check. I didn't look today. So we have three or $4,000 in savings. The farm accounts, we make some money on it there. If we have trouble, we Pay your car off today, Derek. I could. Yes. No, you could, you need to now. Okay, now you're out debt on the car and the answer to your question is $2,000 a month on 8,300 and you've got farm income. What is the net profit on the farm that you pay taxes on annually? Well, it varies year to year. I know it's a farm.


Yeah, yeah. The commodity prices went to half price this year from last. I haven't got all the, I haven't got everything back from the crops, but Honey, how long you been doing this? All my life. Okay, so what do you make a year on a stinking farm? It's not rocket science. You're making 30,000, 300,000 This year. It's probably gonna be closer to 10 to 15. Okay. Well some years you make 20, so you're not making much money on the farm. Okay, I got it. Well, 40 to 50. Well, except 20. Okay. All right. So somewhere in at least by, okay now. Alright, so you got $150,000, $140,000 household income.


So the question is run a budget in detail. We Have a budget we keep, we keep a spreadsheet, Then run your budget as if she's not working and bank her check. Say that again. You Mean run a budget for The next Few months? Run a budget for the next three months as if she's not working and put her entire check in savings. Okay. If you can do that, she can come home. If you can't do that, what have we got to change so that she can come home? Is it Catholic school? Is it we move, what have we got to change?


What's less important than her coming home? Both of those other things. The farm and the Catholic school sounds very important to you, but maybe, I mean, you, you, one of these things may need to give, I don't know, for her to be able to come home. So, but if you simply, the math is, if you'll just practice living on your income, then gosh, it's a no brainer. She can come home. You don't have anything to be vaguely afraid about. You actually have done an analysis and have proven what we call proof, texting the concept. But if you, if you can't bank her check and make it, then you start asking yourself, what have we gotta change for us to be able to bank her check and make it?


And we gotta work that through. It's just powerful. The, the deduction that you just gave folks. I mean, you gotta take the emotion out of this stuff, I'm afraid. What are you afraid of? Is there something to be afraid of? Or is it just a fake monster under the bed? You gotta look under the bed. And that's the idea here. And I think there's so much power in what you know and what you don't know. And then you put the things on the scale and go, that's not as important as her being home or that is more important than her being home. So she's not coming home. If that's how that works, I, I mean it's just math. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health, plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose. He's my co-host today. Open phones here at eight eight Eight two five five two two five. Tyler's in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hi Tyler, how are you? I'm good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I run a realtor business with five agents and property management as well.


And my attorney approached me about potentially partnering 50 50 on it. And I'm been against that since I've got started for many reasons. But just kind of wanted to run it by y'all and see what y'all thought. Give us your top couple of reasons why you didn't wanna do it. Just risky. You never truly know who you're working with. They could change their mind, you know, down the road or get greedy, get sick. I mean many different options that could cause hassles in the future. Yeah. Our rule is the only ship won't sail is a partnership. Yeah. So I find with the exception of medical practices and law practices, we coach tens of thousands of small businesses through entree leadership and we find almost no partnerships of this type survive 10 years.


They don't make it 10 years because of a lot of different things that you just described. Sometimes it's not negative things, even sometimes it's a positive thing. But why would your attorney want to buy 50% of your business? Well He is, He is been doing law for 10 years now and He is just kind of looking to grow another, the realm, I guess kind of the same way I am, just kind of wanting to pick things up and do something a little different than we've been doing. I'm sorry, same thing. You're you're wanting to do something different. Well, I've just, yeah, every, every couple years I kind of get bored is the best way I can say it. And I look to start something else and I've done that the last couple years and has been a great decision.


So I thought this time I've just kind of try to grow my main business instead of trying to branch out into other things. Yeah, staying in your lane's a good thing. Yeah. Okay. But How would it, how would it change? Is he, how would it change? Have you guys talked about the details of what it would look like if he came in? Yeah, I've been, I've been working with him for about four years, but he, He is got a lot of, you know, obviously contacts other, other lawyers and stuff like that in the area that he's merged his business with. And my main business is investors and he knows a lot of 'em. He closes business deals and everything as well as regular real estate. So we would, we'd be looking to separate ourselves from the overhead brokerage, kind of make the firm it's, you know, a standalone thing, get an office going 'cause I don't have a brick and mortar office yet.


And he has one kind of available and then just kind of merge into that. He would help with the law side stuff. You Mean you don't have brick and mortar for this other thing? You have one for your real estate office? No, I don't have one because I I'm But you said you had nine agents or five agents? I have five. Yeah. We, I opened an office one time and it never really benefited us and because I kind of started during covid is when I got started and we've just never ran out of a, out of an office. We've all Homes a broker has to have a location. Well it's a broker by business. So I, I have my firm I'm broker by an overhead brokerage.


Oh, you're not the principal broker. I'm a I'm a broker in charge of this firm for property manager Purposes. I'm broker. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Principal broker in most states has to have a physical location. Okay. Hey, hey. Okay. All that doesn't to, to me is simple. I, no, I would not go in partnership. I don't do partnerships. I don't mind doing a deal with someone, a singular deal, a one-off that has an a, a set into it that's more of a joint venture. And I don't do hardly any of those, but I would do that. But something that is an ongoing thing that does not have a set calendar to its expiration, a term to it.


I would not do that. No. If he's got some investors and y'all wanna work out some deals, you know, where, you know, he gets a certain amount of legal work. If he keeps spoonfeeding you investors and that kind of thing, a legal way to do the transfer on that, that's fine. But no, I I don't you you, you don't need a wife. I mean that's, that's an attorney. No, no. I I no, I you I wouldn't, I wouldn't do it. No, I I'm, I think you're, you guys are just bored. You need to, you need to and back up and say, gosh, how, what can I do to make this thing exciting and go push something out there that's different and that gives you some energy again. But no, I it's a compliment that he came to you and said it'd be fun to do business with you.


I think I like the way you do stuff, but that compliment does not substitute for good sense. You Just nailed it. I cannot tell you how many times I've taken calls on The Ken Coleman Show like this where someone feels like they are less than if they don't take some opportunity that in their heart they don't wanna take. But because it's an opportunity, what happens is the brain feels great. There's an endorphin release from being wanted, right. Or, or, or from being approached on this. And so you feel like, oh, common sense is I'd be an idiot to walk away from this. And, and in all reality, you gotta trust your gut. You gotta trust your principles and your values and you led Tyler with principles and values.


And I think you gotta listen to those things. Those are bedrock things that keep us grounded and keep us from making big, big mistakes. And I think, Dave, you nailed it. I think you, it it, there's something weird right? About the psyche when, when somebody wants you to be a part of them or they come to you with an attractive offer. I Want, I want you in this deal. Yeah. You know, and one of the things that has happened to me over the years running RAMSEY is people come in with ideas. Sure. Hey, I wanna share this idea with you. See if you wanna work on this idea. And you know, I don't, I just don't, you know, one guy was, you know, he's like, well this is the best idea since sliced bread.


You need to sign an NDA So I can tell you about it. You sign a non-disclosure agreement So I can expose this wonderful idea to you. And I said, please don't tell me anymore because dude, I get ideas in here like shovel fulls every day. Ideas are a dime a dozen people who can actually get crap done. Those are hard to find ideas, not hard to find. They're everywhere. People that execute and follow through with excellence and energy and enthusiasm and that those are, those are a rare gem. You bring me one of those, I'll sign an NDA but, but I don't need, 'cause please don't tell me your idea. 'cause we might have already had the idea and then you'll think I stole it from you.


'cause they're that easy. Ideas are just everywhere when you're entrepreneurial. I mean I'm somewhat a DDI guess it's undiagnosed. When I was a child they called it hyperactive. But yeah, Dave talks too much on all my report cards. Now I make a living doing it. But there you go. So my much to my grade school teacher chagrin. But the, but yeah, so ideas are everywhere. I mean squirrel, there's another idea. You know, you boom, they're everywhere. So, but people that can do them or not And that's the same, it's the same category here. Yeah. Of the affirmation of, oh, I brought you an idea. Oh thank you. I'm worthy of your idea. Thank you. But then I quickly figured out No, no I don't need to.


No, no, no. That's a nightmare. So true. You know, it's 'cause of the law. And I tell people to eat beans and rice. Rice and beans. Yeah. Would you believe that to date we've had over 1000, over 1000 people propose that I co-author a book with them. Of course. Of beans and rice. Rice and beans recipes. Yeah, That's a great idea. Because they didn't understand it was a metaphor. Yeah. I it doesn't literally mean everyone should actually eat. I thought you were gonna tell me people pitched you on having your own rice brand or Beans. Oh, that too. I'm sure that's that too. Yeah. Uncle Ben's got the market. He's got the market. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, I'm excited to talk about a new sponsor. Burna. You all probably know I'm a gun guy, but I'm big on safety. So I'm also a burna guy. Burna is the un gunn a less lethal option that protects you in more ways than one. A burna is effective self-defense when you need it. It also helps protect your assets from lawsuits if you have no choice but to use force. Because a burna pistol immobilizes attackers without fatal harm. I have several Burna pistols And I love them. In fact, I had a burner before they started advertising with us. They're easy to use with no recoil and no noise reduction needed. They're legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped right to your door and you can train with a burner right in your backyard. Plus our listeners can get the RAMSEY Burna bundle for 10% off, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and AM ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off for RAMSEY fans. See why Berna has more than 15,005 star reviews. Just go to burna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave.


Folks, the RAMSEY Christmas cash giveaway is here and you could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for Your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose on sale at the Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store right now. One of the many books we have on sale that'll make a difference in someone's life. Check it out for Christmas.


Hey, I love talking to you guys about money. I also love talking about business and small business as well. Like we were just our last caller there. If you didn't know, I host a podcast called the Entree Leadership Podcast. It's been on the air for many years since podcast first started. I took it over, we had other folks at RAMSEY doing it, but I took it over about two years ago and started taking calls from small business people with questions about business and leadership and so on. Every day, or not every day, but one day a week. And if you have a small business or leadership question, reach out to us. Leave us a voicemail at 8 4 4 9 4 4 10 70. We'll set you up to be a caller 8 4 4 9 4 4 10 70.


Or you can go to EntreLeadership dot com slash ask Sterling in Austin, Texas. How are you Sterling? I'm doing good. How about you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So we are on ma, my wife and I are on baby step two and I was wondering, according to the baby steps, when should we purchase a house? We call it three B after baby. Step three is in place, you're debt free and you have an emergency fund of three to six months of expenses. Then start saving for your down payment in three B in, in other words, between three and four.


If you want to not start retirement savings for a short period of time and use that time to build up your down payment, that's when we would tell you to do it. Okay, that makes sense. We are sadly a a about to have to go back into step one because of car repairs and, but then after that we're gonna be back to step two and so we're thinking about the future. Yeah. And trying to, you know, look at the market and see when, you know, we can save up for a down payment. Yeah, We wanna get you in that. That's perfect. So how much debt you got left Sterling?


It's still a lot. Right now. I wanna say it totals to $109,000 with all the student loans. All my student loans. And then we both have two car loans and then we have one personal loan. Yeah. What's your household income Together? We make about $120,000 a year after taxes. Cool. What's the most expensive car loan? That would be my truck at $26,000. Okay. Alright. Cool. It sounds like you got a good plan if you want to speed up the house, you jet the truck.


I've, I've been considering it. I've really, I've really been considering it right now. It's been giving me a lot of problems. I have a friend who says the one thing that's worse than either parts or payments is having parts and payments when it comes to a vehicle. That's good. Saying And yes, you can think Robert Looney for that one. He's, he's told me parts and payments are unfortunate is one of the worst things you can have. And right now my truck has been giving me both problems and I've been really debating about getting rid of it. Yeah. If you could get 26 and you probably can, you probably get close to that for it depending on what it is. It gets you out of a fourth of your debt and speeds the purchase of the home, which goes up in value and the truck goes down in value.


I I'm not against having a nice truck, I'm just always trying to figure out a way to get to my goal faster. Yes, sir. I, I, I was doing some the kind of estimation with EV on EveryDollar and it looks like after all the bills and other things that my wife And I are about to cut out. 'cause we're deciding we really don't need, we have about $3,500 left over. Yeah. It's about a three year plan. Yeah. And So, so we're gonna start really cutting things out and try to get that close to $5,000 left over every month. That'd Be great. Or at least $4,000 and then really start paying things to make it a two and a half to three year plan.


Yeah. And that'd be, and the truck payment is how much? The truck payment is? $712 and 7 cents. Yeah. At it's like a 3.9% interest rate Put, put yourself in a hoopty and run the numbers with that extra 700 on there. And that's what you'll see what I'm talking about then. That's cool. Hey man, you're doing great. I'm proud of you. Can't wait to hear you do your Debt free scream. Good job. Rick's in Columbia, South Carolina. Hi Rick, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you, Dave. What's up? Well, I'm 47 and I'd like to retire at 55 and I'm not sure where to go yet. I thought I was pretty fiscally responsible.


And then I started to listening to you in 2022 and realized I wasn't as smart as I thought I was, so I'm gonna ask for help. Oh my goodness. Okay, cool. So how much debt have you got today? The only debt I have is I've got a company truck where I got a three year loan and it's 1500 a month, but I get reimbursed 1100 to 1700 depending on how many miles I drive from my company. You get that whether you have a car payment or not. Correct. So I, yeah, I need to get that truck paid off and then agreed. They still gimme the same amount, but the truck has to be, it can't be more than three years old, So I have to, So you have to systematically keep money moving that direction so you can upgrade the truck periodically?


Yeah, Correct. But no more payments. Yes. The program is independent of debt. It does not require debt. Yeah. You just used it to justify debt, so. Correct. Okay, so we're gonna clear that. Now, what, how, what's your nest egg looking like in your 401k? Well, I've only, I came out of a, a different position where I was in a pension program and then April of 22, I started in with this 401k program. And I've got, this is the big question is last year I started doing a Roth 401k Good. And my talk tax advisor said that I should be doing a traditional 401k.


You should Fire your tax Advisor because you said Yeah, So I'm serious. It was a heart attack. They're trading a tax deduction for tax free growth. This guy can't do math. That's what I thought too. So I kept doing the Roth 401k this year And change tax advisors. 'cause I don't know what else he's doing. That's dumb. Yeah. Anyway, So I didn't listen to him anyway, so, so you don't have a lot there. So you're a long way from retiring in seven years. Yeah, So I got 19,000 in the 4 0 1 Roth 401k, right. 67,000 in the traditional 401k, 18,000 in the HS a. And that's all since April 22.


Good. Okay. Well you're tracking last, I mean, you're dumping a bunch of money in, what do you make? My base pays 11 111,000 and then my bonus was 56,000 this year. Okay, you married? Yes. Three kids, but my wife stays home with the kids, so it's just my income. Okay. Well, I mean, the beautiful thing about what you're doing is, is you're making all the right moves. I think the thing that'll help you is to, you know, just do some calculations. You can use some of the calculations on our calculators on our website. They'll help you or in the EveryDollar app, either one, and, and start saying, okay, what will I have when I'm 55? What will I have when I'm 60 based on my current trend line with the lump sum I have now, plus the payments I'm putting in now.


And that'll start to tell you, you know, give you some comfort level as to where you're gonna be. I don't think you're gonna be mathematically able to live like anywhere near, like you're living now at 55 years old with no work. So I think you're working a while, but that's not a bad thing though. You need to be doing something. I'm 64, I work, so it's not an, it's not the end of the world. Yeah, I would agree with that. I think the 55 is a little too aggressive. So now, you know, double down, do your numbers crunch and go, okay, what is it really gonna look like? And again, I the data, Dave, just to back up what you said, the data is overwhelming for people who wanna research it on what happens when you truly stop working. Now, financial retirement in my mind is different than just straight professional.


I'm not doing anything any longer. I think that it's not good for the body and it's definitely not good for the soul, Not good for the mind. It's a terrible thing to waste. Yeah. Doing something. Yeah. I just, it having enough money to not have to work is different than That's right. Just not working. That's what you're saying. A hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. But either way, You won't have options Either way, you can start to run your numbers out and it'll give you some insights onto where you are. So that you're doing, you're doing pretty good, Rick. Sounds like it. I'm gonna get outta the truck debt and I'm going to jack up on some of these other things. So the investment side and get this thing moving. This is The Ramsey Show.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity, and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant online quotes.


Hey guys, George Kamel here, and it's that time of year again. The store shelves are packed with little Debbie's Christmas trees matching pajamas for you and your dog. You know who you are. And giant inflatable Santas for the yard. I'm not mad about that. And speaking of inflation, Americans are about to spend close to a trillion dollars this Christmas and get this one third of that spending will be swiped on credit cards. Yikes. Now I get it. You want the holidays to feel magical and you wanna have a good time, but trust me, there is nothing magical about staring down a mountain of credit card debt come January. So here's the deal. If you don't want January, you to hate December, you, I've got a money hack for you. Download the EveryDollar app. It's free to get started, and you could find an extra $400 of margin in your first month of using it. See with EveryDollar, you'll keep your holiday spending under control, you'll track your expenses, you'll make a plan, you'll stay accountable and maybe even set yourself up with some sweet New Year goals. So skip the post-Christmas regret and download EveryDollar for free in the app store today. Your future self will. Thank you


Ken Coleman. RAMSEY personality is my co-host today.


Today's RAMSEY show. Question of the day is sponsored by Why refi. When you're trapped in a maze of defaulted private student loan debt, it's hard to find your way out. But why refi can offer you a lifeline with custom refinancing based on your ability to pay and a lump sum payoff option you could qualify for after 24 months. Go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Nikki in Kansas. My husband has been at his current job for over five years. He has received yearly inflationary raises. A new manager position was recently created and my husband considered applying for it, but before he could, it was given to another employee that has no previous experience in the role. This new manager now repeatedly asked my husband for advice and wants him to work extra hours and to cover his lack of competence. I think it's time for him to find a new job, but he wants to make it work here. His annual review is coming up. Should he mention the situation and bring up needing increased compensation or a path to growth? Well, Nikki, I I, you know, I I, when somebody has done me wrong, I found Dave that my wife Stacy has always taken it worse.


I don't know if Sharon's that way or not, but it feels like this situation where your husband's griped a little bit about this Nikki, and, and you've gotten really upset about it. And I, I would listen to your husband here, he wants to make it work. And based on the facts you've given us, he never raised his hand for the job. And because he didn't raise his hand, whoever hired this other employee is not on the, on the line for that because they can't read mine. So in this situation, I always tell people to never ask directly for a raise. I teach to talk about a growth plan after you talk about a desire to grow. In other words, I think in his annual review, he needs to sit down and say, Hey listen, you know, I was thinking about raising my hand for this other position.


I didn't, and that's on me. But what it did show me is that I want more, I want to lead, I wanna step up, I wanna climb here at company X, Y, Z. So to that end, in my review, whether you got it for me today, but in the future, in the near future, I'd like to meet with you and discuss a growth plan. What tools can I add to my tool belt? In other words, skills and experience. And then what are some shortcomings? What are some areas that may be blind spots for me that I need to be aware of so that I do better and make myself a better employee? And then can we lay that plan out and how do we measure it so that you And I are operating off the same sheet of paper shape, same sheet of music, and, and, and, and if we measure that, will that lead to opportunity for more responsibility, which should come with more compensation?


That's the spirit, the posture that you should have so that you do not put your leader on the defensive. Because many times they are not the sole decision maker in you getting a promotion in a raise. And so the reason I prescribe it that way, Dave, is it allows them to have some ownership in it. They don't feel put on the spot, they don't feel backed into a corner. And then we have an adult mature professional conversation about a path forward. The other thing I want you to ask yourself is who is ambitious here? You or your husband? Because A, he didn't raise his hand for this position.


B his wife wrote us an email, not him. Two indicators. He ain't real fired up and so are not as fired up as you are. That's correct. That's very obvious. So I, I don't want you to want something for him more than he wants it for himself, because that's gonna come through when he sits down in his review, he needs to be confident, competent. How can I add value to this organization? What do I need to do to make myself more valuable so that I can grow here, grow meaning grow in responsibility and in value that I'm adding and hopefully in compensation someday.


And that requires a a, a body language, a a, a little swagger. Yeah. You gotta show some hunger. I think what what they wanna see here is I want to get better. I want to do more, be more. And that's attractive. Yeah. I, I and, and you know, I think that's a discussion. Maybe your husband doesn't want any of that. Maybe you want it, I think it's very possible. So you need to talk that through before you send him into the lion's cage. Open phones at triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Matthew is in Houston, Texas. Hi Matthew, how are you? Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Hey, So I have a budgeting question.


I'm trying to figure out what I should do for an extra 20,000 in income. I'm gonna receive three to four times this year from overtime work. Send it to Dave's Bahama fund PO Box. No, I'm kidding. Okay. Alright, so you're gonna make it, you're gonna make an extra 80 grand. Yeah. Yeah. So wheat very nice, Pretty nice. I'm where, Where are you on the baby steps, bro? I'm not sure what baby step exactly, but Okay, so this whole, this whole thing's new to you. Okay. That's cool. That's fine. Okay. We teach a process to use all extra money to achieve wealth as fast as possible.


And we apply it in an order, a forced ranking of importance. Okay. And that, that, that system is called the baby steps. One baby step at a time and you'll become wealthy. So I'll walk you through 'em right quick. You ready? Okay. First thing you need to do, save a thousand dollars. I bet you've already done that. Yes. How much money do you have in savings? Just savings. I have about 50 K. Okay, good for you. And how much debt do you have? Not counting your home? None Good. Okay, baby. Step one is save a thousand dollars baby. Step two is to become debt free. Everything but the house, ding, ding, check those two boxes.


Three is to have an emergency fund of three to six months of expenses. If we call that 50,000, that emergency fund, you're there three baby. Step four is start putting 15% of your income towards retirement. Not more, not less in 4 0 1 Ks and Roth IRAs. Are you doing that? Yeah, I'm maxing 'em out. It's more like 25% at the moment. Okay, baby. Step five is kids college. Do you have kids? No, I'm single. Well, that's easy. We can skip that one. Baby. Step six is pay off your house early. How much do you owe on your home?


Yeah, I owe 200 on my home and right now I'm putting an extra $400 a month towards the Principal. Okay. And what do you make, what's your total income, sir? Well, depending what this OT should be close to about 200 this year. Okay. And you're single and you have no debt payments. If I woke up in your shoes, what would I do following those steps? I just gave you that I've taught 10 million people. I, I would tell you to reduce your 401k to 15% not maxed out. And I want you to take everything you can squeeze out of your monthly budget, including this bonuses that are coming in and throw it at the mortgage.


Let's pay this house off in two years. Okay? Yeah, that's kind of what I've been leaning towards too. I don't like having it hang over my head, but I was also wondering if I should consider a side brokerage account or a, After the house is paid off. Okay, so after the house, Yeah, here's, here's why. Here's why. Okay? This is, I don not, I don't want it hanging over my head. There's actual data. Okay. We did the largest study of millionaires in North America ever done. 10,167 of them. Two primary things caused them to have the first one to $10 million of net worth investing steadily into their 401k and paying their home off they, and paying the home off is a big part of it, by the way.


So a paid four house. How old are you? I'm 26. And the house is worth what? Probably about two 60. Okay. So when the house gets paid off, by the time it's paid off somewhere around 34 years old, 33 years old, you're gonna have a net worth of over a million dollars at the track you're on right now. So way to go, dude, you're killing it. Proud of you. Hang on, I'm gonna send you a copy of the book, baby Steps Millionaires. It's my latest number one bestseller and it'll show you exactly the stuff I'm talking about. Why win and where, and it'll help you dial this in. You are a stud. Keep it up man.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, Dave Ramsey here. I'm coming to a city near you with Dr. John Delony on the Money and Relationships Tour. This is a brand new event where you, the audience will get to vote Live From your seats and choose the things you want me and John to talk about. You'll be picking from over 20 topics that impact your life, like saving for the future, leaving a legacy, money, stress, and marriage, and so much more. We're getting real and digging in deep on the things that are important to you. And you never know what might happen when me and John get candid. It's an event unlike anything we've ever done before and it's gonna be a whole lot of fun. We'll be kicking it off in Louisville on April 21st, 2025, and then stopping in Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth and Phoenix in April and May. Prices are the lowest they'll ever be right now, so don't wait. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Thanks for joining us America. We're glad you're here. Open phones at eight eight eight two five five two two five.


Well, it snuck up on you again. Christmas is here. Are you ready? Hey, whether you're shopping for yourself or you're looking for the perfect gift to help someone get their money in order, now is the time to shop and get up to 30% off our bestselling products, including Ken's book, paycheck to Purpose, my book, the one that just mentioned, baby Step Millionaires or Total Money Makeover, Non-Anxious Life by our own Dr. John Delony, breaking Free from Broke On Sale by George Kamel. Human questions for humans, decks of cards, $12 Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


By the way, the reminder, this is the last segment of the show on podcast and YouTube. You can pick up the final segment of the show, the final episode or the final portion of the episode, rather at The Ramsey Network app. It's completely free. You can download it right now at Apple or at Google Play and you can always hear everything we're doing at Ramsey Network on there video and audio. So be sure and jump over to The Ramsey Network app and pick up everything you need to know.


Tammy is in Nashville. Hi Tammy, welcome to The Ramsey Show. What's up? Hey, thank you so much. Thanks for accepting my call and sharing your knowledge. Sure. I just have a quick question. My husband And I are actually wanting to buy a home and he wants to do this shared mortgage and he's trying to convince me that it's a great thing and that it's so wonderful and it sounds very stupid to me. And So I would just like to know what you Don't all back, Tammy, tell us how you really feel. Well, So I wanted to know what is this and the, not the negatives and the positives if there is any positives.


That's my question. Shared mortgage negatives and positives and is it a good thing? It is not a good thing. Your instinct is correct. You win the argument. Now let's talk about why. Praise the Lord. Yeah. Let's talk about why you have good news for, you have a good news for stupid and yes sir. So you're like my wife in that regard. But so a shared appreciation mortgage is what we're talking about. And what this is is the mortgage company in return for a lower interest rate and in return usually for lesser down payment, you give up a portion of the increase in value.


And so you buy a $300,000 house and it goes up to 500,000. The sum of that $200,000 increase goes back to the mortgage company when you refinance or when you sell. So you do not get all of the growth in value. The downside is two things. One is it can trap you and make it very difficult to refinance if you were able to and, and get rid of them. Okay? Get rid of that loss of growth and it can also make it difficult to sell. And of course the third thing is, is you gave up some of your growth and it's not the trade off's not worth it is what it amounts to.


I don't know why he's being pulled into that. That's very strange because it's, I, the, the thing is very, very few mortgages, very, very, very few people do this. I thought the program was actually dead until a few months ago. I heard somebody bring it up. I think somebody's out there promoting it or something because I hadn't even heard of it in a long time. The first time I heard of it was back in the nineties. And, but, and, and high interest rate environment, you know, and so, you know, interest rates were really high and people were trying to get the rate down by giving up some of their future appreciation. So Tammy kind of think of it this way. Have you heard these things with student, some of the student loan things where you can go to a certain college and you don't pay as much to go to the college, but you give up some of your income to that college?


No, I've never heard of that. Same deal, same kind of a thing here. You're, you're selling off your future for a little bit better deal in the present and that's never a good trade. So you're saying that, I'm sorry. So you're saying that once, if you ever decide to sell or if you ever decide to whatever, you have to give them a portion of the value Yeah. Of the, of the increase in value. Yes. So if you, if you bought a $300,000 house and it went up in value to 500 and you, you had a 20% appreciate shared appreciation as an example, then you would give up 20% of that $200,000 growth or about $40,000 when you refinance to get rid of that mortgage.


And oh, by the way, if you wanted to just pay it off, if you started making a lot of money and you were working the RAMSEY plan, you wanted to pay it off, you gotta pay off that appreciation that you owe them too. Not just the loan balance. Oh, so Well here's the, here's the idiotic thing to me is we have $400,000 or whatever in cash liquid. We could just buy the home. But he doesn't wanna do that. He wants to go through the bank because in his mind he's keeping his money and making some money from the bank. And I'm like, this doesn't, why would the bank do that? That makes no sense to me. And I, well the bank didn't And I, because it's good for the bank and I'm but it's, your husband's wrong. Yeah, exactly. You, you, you're right. Pay cash for your house, you have the money.


You are exactly right. He is. That's What I told him. And He is Listened to his wife, he My, in his mind He is. Amen. In his mind, he's thinking he's keeping this money for somehow in, in his possession or something. And I'm like, but I don't understand why we need to go through the bank and loan the bank our money to get a mortgage through the bank. Here, here, let's try, let's try a couple things, okay? Number one, you could just say this, let's pay cash for the house if two years from now after we pay cash for it. You want to talk about getting a mortgage? We'll talk about it. You know how hard it is for somebody emotionally to put a mortgage on a paid for house. He'll never do it.


Okay? So Try it honey, try it my way. Pay cash for it for two years and then we'll talk about it. So that's thing number one. Okay? Thing number two. Alright. We did the largest study of millionaires ever done in North America. I say this all the time 'cause we did, we studied 10,000 plus millionaires, the number of millionaires, that's out of 10,000 of them that said we became a millionaire by borrowing money on our home so that we could invest what your husband's talking about. The number of millionaires that said they did that out of 10,000 was zero.


Okay? So the data says the facts are that your husband's theory is wrong. Okay? Okay. One last thing. And I'm gonna keep throwing, I'm gonna keep throwing stuff at him and at you too. But here's the thing. So Good, Good. When I went, when I went broke, I did whatever I wanted to do. 'cause I'm really smart with math And I did some stupid butt stuff like he's trying to do. And I found, I found in the Bible, Proverbs 31 says, who can find a virtuous wife for her worth is far above rubies. The heart of her husband safely trusts her and he will have no lack of gain.


Now that doesn't mean he can't argue with you about this. He should and challenge your theory. He should. I do with Sharon, with my wife, but I trust my wife to have common sense and input can trusts Stacey to have common sense and input. Hang on. I'm gonna give you a copy of the book, baby Steps Millionaires for you and your husband to look at. I think it'll help your husband with this. He's trying to do a good thing a bad way. It's a bad move. You smelled it out. Congratulations. I I'm, I'm gonna say what I think a lot of Americans are thinking right now that Tammy would be a great co-host one time with you. I, were you not thinking that James?


I mean, was she let off with stupid, with the same passion that Dave says? And I thought, And I thought Tammy America would love Tammy. I love Tammy. She's, she's a treasure. I I just wanted to say that. I think that was one of my favorite calls that I've ever heard because she's on it. She makes no, no mistakes about what she thinks. And I love her. I think she's great. I I don't think communication is a problem in their home. No, You and Tammy, you and Tammy co-coaching, someone would melt the internet. It would melt you two. Picture Dave fired up and Tammy a little fired up. It would be great radio. Oh, That's fun. You're awesome Tammy. Very fun. You're amazing lady. Well done.


This is The Ramsey Show.


What up? What up? It's Dr. John Delony from The Dr. John Delony Show with some amazing news. The latest episode of United States of Anxiety is available right now exclusively on The Ramsey Network app. This docuseries follows real people from my show as they embark on a 90 day journey to transform their lives. And I personally walk alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. And don't forget to click the link in the show notes to download the app. What's up Kelsey? So I've lived with crippling anxiety for as long as I can remember. How do I stop it from constantly coming up in different areas of my life? What does crippling anxiety mean? Paint me a picture of that. All right, so you ready to jump in? I'm ready to jump in. So we're gonna check in with Kelsey. 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. I cannot even function because I am just crying. My mom left us when I was four. I truly felt like for a while I had no family. She's Experiencing things that really hurt a long time ago. Tell me about this boy. He triggers me a lot. Scared of losing Paul, scared of doing the wrong thing. Scared of not being enough. It just feels like it would be exhausting to be Kelsey. It is. Whenever somebody's playing whack-a-mole with their anxiety, when it just keeps moving, that tells me the underlying system's not okay. How do I get my inner child out of this relationship? 'cause I feel like she's running the show. One of two people that's supposed to never leave took off. I was this, I was this burden. You Burden that's right to the one person who should carry it. All of it. Did you ever tell that little girl that it wasn't her fault? I don't know what to do. Do you either have to choose to let this guy love you or you gotta choose to let this guy go.