
You missed Stern up trouble A. long time There has now been created in the United States. A permission structure for uselessness, this sort of idea. That, you can take all the Right actions. And That There is no correlation between That And. Success is such A lie. And it's A malicious lie. My Plan is to not retire. Are you allowed to say That? I said That one time. I got just excoriated by people. So I wasn't saying That, you can never retire. you have to be 90-year-old working in salt mine. Ben hates old people. My wife hates it when this happens during A A home argument, by the way, she'll be like, we're not in A YouTube video. You need to stop this Right. Now. Yeah, how do you argue with Ben Shapiro? ET home? This does make me angry I. Think politicians on all sides of the aisle have an interest in lime to the American people. It kind of goes with this whole idea of That. The American dream is dead.


This hopelessness That is pervading out. There, do you think we're done? Ben Shapiro, I'm proud of you. You are blowing up, man. You are. thank you. Killing Thank. you so much. You are owning it. You're A breath of fresh air in the talk radio world. Yeah, I. Get to I, get to Skimm, the cream. Right, I I. Go down to to Florida and I. Hang out with my very small team over There And. Jeremy and Caleb do the hard work of running the daily business. And then I, ask them hard question is And And? They get angry. ET me because I'm not the one who's actually doing It and And. That's and how the company operates. And so far so good. You come off the table. Just, Just continually upsetting Jeremy and Caleb. That might be A good hobby. That might be, That might be good. Their their friends are wonderful. It's A wonderful company and we're glad to have them in the Nashville community. We share ideas back And forth and concerns back.


And forth. We had A great discussion about cancel culture. One time all of us got together and learned some things from each other on how to protect and how to do That stuff. but before We dive into some subjects, That, you've been talking about And That we share in common. We share something else in common. I I learned from Jeremy, confirmed it with you later. That Rabbi Daniel Lapin, my good friend, I I met him because I read his book. Thou Shall Prosper. For those of you who don't know, he's an Orthodox Jewish Rabbi. And, this is one of my favorite books on money. And economics. And definitely in the top 10 of books I've ever read on the subject. And it's why Jewish people have A 10, an inordinate statistical tendency to prosper Oh above the population.


but anyway, aside from That, rabbi Lapin plays A. Big part in your personal story, Yeah. So Rabbi Lapin was the rabbi of A shul. It was call the Shoul on Venice Beach, A Synagogue on Venice Beach. My, my parents had become, you know, slightly more orthodox And then they were, and getting drawn more to our orthodoxy, And. They really became Orthodox with Rabbi Lapin. They, they would drive down to Venice every weekend, every, every Shabbat you're not supposed to drive, but that's the synagogue they would go to. And he would talk. He's A, very charismatic guy. Rabbi Lapin. And the community really started to grow. And they ended up because of That moving into A Jewish community. That was closer to where we lived. and I would say That, he played A A, very heavy role in my parents becoming Orthodox in the first place. For those of you to translate, my interpretation of That would be That. They were more culturally Jewish before.


And Orthodox is, as they became much more dialed in on the book. Well, really the facts and keeping kosher And other things as well, but but also more serious about their walk with God. Yeah For Sure. I mean when, when you become Orthodox, it really is about the practice. So Judaism is very Aristotelian Judaism is, is sort of the idea. That That. The, the more things you do, the closer you get to God. So it's A, very act based religion. And, rabbi Lapin talks about this A lot. That. The way That you become A virtuous person as Aristotle suggests, is you do virtuous things. That's how you kind of cultivate virtue in in yourself. And Judaism really believes That, the mitzvot, the commandments, that's What. God gave those to us for Right. It's, it's not That. They have some sort of magical impact on the universe. There's some mystics who think That, but, but the real kind of hardnosed work of doing the thing every day is A reminder, not only That, you're subject to God's rules, but also cultivate virtue in, in your life.


And And. So What you're doing, when you say A blessing, like I just had some water. And you can see me and mutter myself, I'm saying A blessing before I have the water has to remind me. That, you know, God is the one who, who gives the water. And so, you know, gratitude Right, that's how you cultivate the virtue of gratitude. And And, And, That, That kind of stuff is happening all the time. Right We have hundreds of commandments. That, We keep. Those aren't incumbents on people who are not Jewish. but when you become orthodox What you do is you accept A system where you basically say there's A bunch of rules. That aren't set by me. And, That make my life better. And my community better. And That draw me closer to, to those virtues draw, draw me closer to God through my behavior. And recognizing That, there's A system of success in the world. That That, God has created That. I mean god's. Pretty clear in the Old Testament, That, There is A correlation between you following the commandments, And you experiencing success in your life.


And If, you're Christian. Obviously many of those commandments are no longer obligatory on you because of the New Testament If, you're Jewish. They, they still are according to us anyway. And, and so What, That means is That. It's not as, it's not prosperity gospel, it's not If. You do everything Right. You know, money will descend upon you. but as A general rule, If, you do things Right, there's A much better chance. It's cause and effect. You're gonna have success. It effect. Exactly. Effect A Cause and effect. If, you do these things, you'll be blessed. You do these things, you'll be cursed. Exactly The speech That God gave through Moses, but Right before the children cross the Jordan. These are the blessings. These are the cursings. You do this And. Some of 'em are things. That We talk about borrowing as an example. If, you wanna be cursed, you'll be A, borrower, If, you wanna be blessed, you'll be A lender. You know, and tho those things fit Right into That.


So very, very cool. I'm curious, Go ahead. I'm just curious, growing up in California, What was money, like in, in your house growing up, did your parents, you know, were they, were they wealthy? Was it like, hey, we're starting from ground zero here. So my, my parents were I would say very middle class. So I I grew up in A. A. That's And of popular to say Right now Yeah. Exactly, exactly. but you actually asked me That question. So you didn't ask me about inflation Then we started talking about Hi Middle class. I grew up in A Middle class house. Sorry, Yeah. Exactly. We, we grew up in A two bedroom, 1100 square foot house in Burbank, California. I had three sisters. So I shared A room with, with all of my siblings until I was 11. We had one bathroom for six people. You know, fairly small house. My mom was A secretary, ET A TV company. My dad was A composer, which means That, you know, he was playing piano in A restaurant because that's, that's how it works in, in California.


If If, you're not actually, you know, A successful film composer. Then just like everybody in California who has A script, you end up A Barista If. You are If. but my dad is A is A A really, really good jazz pianist. He's playing clubs from the time he was 14 years old. And so he was playing in A restaurant on Mondays and Tuesday nights. So A, lot of my childhood I remember sitting ET the restaurant, watching him play piano, ET the restaurant and be excited when somebody dropped like A $10 bill and the tip jar. And you know, as we got older, We moved into A, slightly bigger house. We ended up in 2,400 square foot house with, with four bedrooms when I was 11. And. That's where my parents were up until we all moved to Florida A few years ago. So We kind of went from, you know, I'd say middle, lower middle class to middle class to upper middle class. Certainly We were never rich. And your, your Law Degree from Harvard.


Yes. Did you get A free ride? No. I I paid That one. Wow. Yeah. I was, I was already writing by That Point. Right. So I, I'd already written some books. I'd already, you know, written some articles. Okay, so you Had the ability cash Flow, Yeah I I had some cashflow and you were 20 years old when you were ET Harvard. Law Yeah. I I. we started when I was 20 Yeah. Wow. Because we started UCL A when I was 16. So when I, when I went to Harvard, I mean the, the truth is That That, that's A good bet for for A loan Officer Right, you're giving A loan to somebody who's going to Harvard Law chance of Hi income from Harvard Law. Very good Right I mean educational loan business is, is A scam, but not If. You're getting A degree from Harvard Law where everybody's gonna go work for A big Law firm. For the first couple of years, I worked ET A big Law firm for about eight months, decided I hated It And And quit And It was actually really great.


So you knew That, you wanted to lean into That kind of media side. ET A young age Yeah. I was I was A nationally syndicated columnist when I was 17. So I when I, when I went to, when I went to college, when I was 16, I I thought That I was going to double major in music and genetic science. 'cause I was A Virtuo violinist ET the time. And you can find videos of on YouTube And me playing when I'm 11 years old. ET ET big banquets and stuff like That I was A much cuter kid. And, and then, you know, I go to UCL, A I pick up the UCL A Daily Bruin. There's an article in There comparing Ariel Shaone, then the prime minister of Israel to Adolf Eichman the Nazi. and I walked into the office and I said, can I write A counter to That? And they said Sure and That morphed into A regular column. There I then applied cold to creator syndicate, which was A syndicator for A. Bunch of different columnists left and Right.


And they didn't know my age. And they, they said, Sure, they picked me up. My parents had to sign the contract. 'cause I wasn't of legal agent. You were A minor. ET That Point I was A minor. Wow. And so I, we started writing A syndicated column when I was 17. My first book came out when I was 20. When I was graduating from from UCL A. It was call Brainwashed How universities Indoctrinated America's youth. My second book came out while I was ET Harvard Law And. It was titled Porn Generation, how Social Liberalism Is Corrupting Our Future. That was 2005. You missed Stern up Trouble A, long time Yeah. I've been in this for A. While I mean I'm 40, but I've been in this for, you know, 23 years I. So it's, I've been doing this for, for for quite A while. So when I went to Harvard Law, you know, That That was A good bet. Even though I I knew the chances of me practicing Law long term were pretty bad And. The truth is, that's also true.


Pretty much everybody ET Harvard Law, 50% of people in my Harvard Law class aren't in Law, ET. All, most of 'em went on to start businesses, you know, become investors. And and and That sort of thing. Very cool. So I'm 64. My plan is to not retire. I plan to stay on the microphone. Are you allowed to say That? I said That one time. I got excoriated by people. Well that's What I wanted to bring up, that's What I wanted to bring up. You said it's insane. That We have Ra haven't raised the retirement age in the US I think there's two parts to this argument. There's A social security, math problem of the arbitrary age 65 thing. but there's also then the philosophy of What is retirement.


And why did we create this idea? That we're we work ET something We hate long enough and hard enough. That, We don't have to do anything. And That, that's That seems to be counterproductive. It doesn't seem to be A good spiritual walk to me. It doesn't seem to be good emotionally balanced to me. You know, I I can't find retirement in the Bible and I And, I'm not condemning someone who is retiring, but philosophically I wanna talk about retirement or We do And also I wanna talk about this idea. It's, you know, the end of That quote from you is it's not fiscally sustainable, you know, to quit ET 65 when you've got A, you know A pretty good likelihood, If, you make it to 65, statistically you're probably gonna be 90.


So you've got, you know, those numbers start to be screwy with social security. Yep. I mean. So as you say, there's two arguments. There, the one I think I got hit more on was the virtue argument. That you are making about the virtue of work and And, how it's not good to have A mentality. ET 65 That, you're basically going to, and when I said retirement, What I meant was like actual retirement. Like go sit on A beach somewhere, move down to the villages, drink ET 3:00 PM you know, like That That sort of thing. I wasn't talking about people who decide That, you know, their back is broken from having worked to job for for 30 years. And. Now What they wanna do is work in their community and What they wanna do is work A part-time job, go teach ET the local school, do charity work. That's not retirement. To me, when I'm thinking of retirement, I'm talking about like retirement. Retirement and I. Do think That income is A good incentive for people to continue to work because I mean I've worked with enough people in the charity sphere.


That, it turns out That working for little or no recompense is difficult to sustain over time. There are certain people who will work for free because they're just That community minded. but the truth is That, people wanna feel some sort of fiscal And financial reward for, for the work That they're doing. Even If, it's not, you know, the kind of pay they could be making fulltime in the, in the private sector for profit industry. And, and so, you know, on the virtue point, What I see is A increasingly depressed America because people don't value work in the way That I think That work ought to be valued. And, A country That has set up an expectation. That work itself is somehow bad. And unfulfilling. And and that's A weird thing, particularly in an age when you're not working. ET, A, loom Right, you're not working in the coal mines typically I mean There are people who obviously are, but, but the reality is the vast majority of people who are, who are, you know, aching for retirement are are sitting ET, A, keyboard Right now or ET least A.


Huge number of them are I wouldn't say the vast majority A, huge number of them are. And so this idea That like What you're really straining for is 25 years of sitting on A beach like I I just don't know where the virtue is in That vacation's. Great I love it, but there's A reason vacation ain't A full-time job. And you know the lack of involvement in your community, lack of involvement in your family life. And again, jobs don't have to be, you know, going to work in A making, Making the human race better. Yes, exactly I, but Engage in something. My my sister's A stay ET home mom. She's making the human race better by sitting home And homeschooling her kids and And making Sure That, everything's my wife. The The Right, after she had the last baby, she dropped outta the workforce and is taking care of the baby. And eventually she'll probably go back in part-time. Now That, she's working Right, that's That.


That is A form of work. The point That I was making is That. We as A society have degraded work. And when you have government programs, That are designed to degrade work That basically say work hard and then we'll take care of you the rest of your life. And, you never have to work again. That's seeing work in I. Think A perverse way. And then obviously you have the fiscally unsustainable reality. That is social security A giant pyramid scheme with an aging population where everyone knows and every politician lies about it. That, they all lie. Everyone knows we're gonna have to radically increase taxes or radically reduce benefits in the next few years. Everyone knows this What happen or Radically increased debt. Yes, Right, I mean, and and they keep saying they're gonna grow their way out of it, but it just don't. That There Is A rat the snake mathematically. Yes, There really is. That's scary. So What are your What are your thoughts about the extreme side of That?


The financial independent retire early, the people who say, hey, ET 45 I want to be work optional and I'm gonna have enough money piled up. That I can leave this job. That I hate I mean saying That, you wanna leave the job you hate for another thing I think is, is fine I mean If, you hate your job and you wanna find A better job or you wanna find A better thing to do with your life, that's fine. but I'll tell you I, I have A, lot of friends who are billionaires, And, many of them became billionaires in the tech world. ET the age of 35 40 Right, they sold their companies, they made A ton of money, And, then they quote unquote retired And. They are just itching. You can see them itching. They wanna start A new thing. Yeah I mean. They, they go in, they start new things. They, whether it's charity work or whether it's starting A new business, people have an urge to create and creators particularly have an urge to create Right I think when God says ET ET, the beginning of Genesis, That, That we're made in his image.


One of the things That makes us like God is our creative capacity. Right, the only thing That god's done in the Bible to That point is create everything. So when it says That humans are made in God's image, we're the only creature really. That has the ability to independently create. And so when you stop That creative process, when you stop creating, which is really A form of building, then you lose something in yourself. and I, I think that's A real negative for the soul. You know, rabbi taught me something else on That. That was interesting. That the Hebrew word for worship and and I is very similar or almost exactly the same word for workship to work is A form of worship. And in the New Testament, We would say to do your work as unto the Lord. but, but it's this idea That working in something.


That, you were designed the way you were designed to do, the way you were knit in your mother's womb, the way you were train up A child and the way he should go And when he's old, he'll not depart from it. And the way he has bent the old King James says, and the way the child is bent, train up A child That the way they're designed and let them go in That That That is A form of worship. I remember the I was just in Scotland, And And, ET St. Andrews where they shot the, the scene, the opening scene from Chariots of Fire. And, one of the lines in There was he said, when I run I feel God's pleasure. Hmm, Yeah, it's A form of work can be A form of worship when you, and and it's not workaholism, it's not some and of weird spiritual thing. By The way we worked in the garden. Right I mean the, the like the the actual verse.


That talks about What. Adam is tasked with doing in the garden. It uses the, the, the verb is, is Lavo. Right is to is to work. It says That, you have to actually avo, you have to work. And then It says, and Village Moore, it's A guard Right. So you're There to work and you're to guard What, What What and work is There to do in the garden. Right, it's the garden of Eden. Everything is perfect. Everything's wonderful Right. you have got trees with fruit, you have got animals you can name. Everything is awesome And. The idea is That. Even in the Garden of Eden, it's not gonna be A Garden of Eden unless you have A task. People have to have A thing to do and we're A board society and you can see us turn turning ourselves apart because we don't have A thing to do. I think it increases anxiety and all, all the other things as well. I think we saw some of That during the, the pandemic when we told people they weren't essential.


It creates A different kind of mental illness then because there's A A, this idea. That, I'm not worthy to worship. I'm not worthy to do those things. And and I, you know, I I raised A, couple daughters, And A son, That That are all married off now. And We had all dad jokes for the raising the teenage girls. It's like, you know, but before Adam got A woman, he got work. So If, you're gonna come date my daughter. You need to be talking about having A job or having A career. Yeah I just I just saw Professor Scott Galloway mention That What women are looking for in A man is the ability to provide in the future psychologically. That's What they're actually looking for and I think What we're seeing is A. Lot of people who are living ET home in their thirties who don't have A job they love to do and their growth is stunted because of That.


And it seems to be hurting culture all around Yeah. There's probably A deeper problem when It starts with education. Well, we tell people, get good grades, do the homework, go to college, get A degree, then do A job for 40 years. Do you think that's part of the issue? Well, I, I, I, think That. We are all in this sort of post fifties mindset where we think of, of the way That work was in the fifties. And, we think That That is sort of the ideal of how work ought to be, which is very weird because the truth is That, many of the jobs in the fifties are, are jobs That nobody would wanna do. We talk about the idea That, you worked ET like gm ET A factory for 30 years and then got A Gold watch doing rivets. Like how many people do you see in the modern world who wanna stand over A machine doing rivets? That's not A thing. The 1950s are an outlier in human history. They're, they're an outlier because basically the rest of the world had been completely destroyed. And the only industrial superpower on Earth That had not been completely destroyed was the United States, which meant That.


We could essentially have one person in the house, one person who was working full-time, making A great wage, doing A repetitive mechanical task. And That ended up collapsing in the 1960s and seventies, which is why you see America's debt problems start to explode in the 1960s and the 1970s. but it, you go back before That, the reality is That, everybody was A cooperative unit in the family. In terms of work. I mean you go back far enough and you go back to A farm And, everybody's working all the time. Right, If, you go back to Proverbs, the, there's an entire section of Proverbs where it describes the ideal woman. Right, We ing It every Friday night. It's call Daious Hi Right. It's, it's the, the woman of valor, And, That, That, That, whole section of Proverbs is all about how What the woman does. It talks about her starting A business. It talks about her, you know, importing goods.


It like It, It sounds like she started A Corporation is What. It sounds like the woman of valor and And. So I think That, you know, That That vision of of What life is, is That. Like you just go into the job And, you stay ET the job for 30 years. That's not how the market really historically worked. And, it's not how the market works. Right now and and I think our educational system is not designed for That. It was designed to churn out people who are supposed to fit in sort of particular tasks. I see with my son and my son is sort of heterodox thinker. He's eight years old. He is, you know, good ET math, he can't sit still 'cause he's an 8-year-old boy and What I see is That the stuff That he's really interested in. He's really interested in And, What A good educational system would do. And this is What We try and do ET home with him is dig into the stuff he's really interested in and use That as A gateway to learn the things That he's gonna need to do, you know, in the world in The way he's bent.


E Exactly. And and instead What We try to do is bend the kid to fit the, to fit the the hole in the market. A and That seems, you know, it innervates, it makes people feel uncomfortable and angry because they feel as though they're, they're being turned away from the thing they want to do in favor of the thing. That quote unquote society wants them to do And. And. That's I. I don't think it's necessary. Yeah, I've got three kids, they're very distinctly different And. They needed to go into three distinctly different things. And I'm already watching for That in the grandkids. You know it, It's amazing how fast this That One's gonna do. That I can see it. I can already see it. It's crazy And o otherwise they're gonna be miserable and they're gonna suck ET, whatever they do. That is outside their gifting set. Well, I mean so much of this is based on the false premise. That human beings are A blank slate That, you have A kid And the kid's A blank slate.


Now you can sort of imprint on every blank slate. What. It is If. you have ever met A child? You know this is not true. It's amazing how many things are reliant on people never meeting A child. Right like the idea That children are inherently good. Children are inherently good. Are, are you kidding me? Have you ever met A child? Children are inherently really, really bad actually. They're innocent, but they're certainly not good. And. And, they require civilization. And, they have predilections, they have things they like to do. They have things they're interested in. I can, my, my daughter is A humanities kid. I can see she's A humanities kid. My son is gonna be an engineer. Like you can see it Right. Now all he cares about is rockets. My my, my 4-year-old is A drama queen, like you can see it. She's adorable. And she's also A drama queen And. So we're gonna have to see, you know how That Matters. She be YouTuber in no time. Yeah. Exactly. God forbid. God forbid. but she, but you know again, should Be on the microphone debating her father Yeah like my daughter Oh.


Well That's What. you have to look forward to Ben. Exactly. Well it's interesting but you know, there's A very kind of villainized view of family and kids and even marriage and I'm seeing It in the, the comment section everywhere people are so cynical toward That level of commitment. They see marriage as this, well she's gonna take me for everything I'm worth. And why would I wanna bring A kid into this world? It's so much responsibility, it's so expensive. How do you combat That cynicism toward family? I mean I, I. Think the first thing to recognize is That If. You date for That. That's What. You're gonna get people do dating all wrong I. People ask how I met my wife. The answer is That my sister fixed us up. We dated for two And A, half, three months we got engaged. And, then we got married and That was It, Right, And. And that's because on our first date, We discussed how many kids we wanted to have.


We discussed, you know, What kind of values we wanna promulgate in our household. What educational level, What observance level Right in the Jewish community. There's A, bunch of different observance levels even within orthodoxy. Like how, how Orthodox do you wanna be? Some women for example wear what's call A shade hole. They cover their hair. My wife doesn't like, those are conversations you have. I'm like date number one. Okay and so very, those are deal breakers. Yes. I mean the, depending on you kind of figure out What are your deal breakers, If, those are violated. You say, okay, this is not for me because you're setting up A partnership for life. And so If you date based on passionate love based on as opposed to values That are going to lead to deeper companionate love Romeo And, Juliet. Which by the way, neither one of 'em got out. That alive Exactly This idea. That That, some It is some kind of A A pulp fiction novel.


Well It, it's all based in, you can see it in the pop culture, you can see it like everything. Now it's amazing how the only area of music Right now where where you hear song, song about family is country music, which is more traditional in, in many ways. but all music now If you If you go back to the forties. And, you listen to, you know A, lot of big band music. They're talking about getting married. Right marriage is actually part of the, the formula There songs about kids from the big band here. Like you don't hear That now you turn on Pop And. It's all just about sex. Lemme tell you That, that's not gonna last You all That long in terms of building A cohesive And coherent relationship for the long run. Eventually you're all gonna be old And wrinkly. So you better have something beyond That to actually tie things together. And, it's the most wonderful thing. You're building A unit. You're building like A almost A A phalanx of your own Right I jokingly call my kids the army of the children.


And they think of themselves That way. but that's but That That is, That is What, it is I mean. You're, you're creating What Edmund bur call the little platoons of society. You get to create your own platoon. That's A really cool thing. That's awesome. but you have to all be oriented in the same direction. And What, That really means is you have to discuss ET the very beginning. What are the shared values of this unit. That you are building and If, you don't do That. You're gonna fall into, you know, A, an unworkable partnership, but an unworkable marriage. That That falls apart the first sign of stress. Yeah Proverbs talks about having your quiver full of arrows, meaning your kids and I thi I feel like I spent A, lot of time straightening those arrows. So That they would fly And leave ET some point.


I wanted, you know, I wanted to release the string. ET some point. What, what's your line about turkeys? Dave Yeah A Turkey That doesn't leave the or A eagle. That doesn't leave the nest eventually is known as A. Turkey, Yeah, we got A. Lot Of those today. Sure the It kind of goes That hopelessness on marriage. George It kind of goes with this whole idea of the thing That we've been running into and pushing back against the, in the wealth building side. That, this idea That, the American dream is dead. This hopelessness That is pervading out. There What, do you see about the American dream? What's your feeling about That as you, because you're doing A whole lot of politics. Right Now Yeah, that's What. You do obviously, but it mean ET ET. This moment when we're taping this, you're traveling, go stumping, going state to state, working with the the politicians out.


There, you think we're done? No And and I don't think we're remotely done. I think That. That the ingratitude That. It demonstrates to suggest That. The American dream is dead in A time of unique prosperity in human history where the poorest people in our society have the best technologies available to them, literally in human history. Where, where you have A magic machine in your pocket, That, you dial, you hit A button. And, A, good arrives, ET your door for A cheap price inside of 24 hours. And, you're sitting There going, the dream is dead. I mean We have these things. That are time machines. They're call the airplanes, fly to other places on earth and spend like five minutes There, And. You realize just how much the American dream is not dead. and I think That politicians on all sides of the aisle. This, this, this does make me angry. I, think politicians on all sides of the aisle have an interest in lying to the American people about this.


Because there's this mentality. That, If, I tell you, That, the American dream is dead then only I can save you. Only I have the ability to come in and rescue you from this crisis. That has been created for you. When the reality is the steps towards success in A free society are the same as they always were. Take responsible action. Go get an education. Go get A job. Make smart financial decisions. Make A smart decision about your family. You know, the entire entertainment arena is geared towards stories of people overcoming obstacles. That are very often made by them. You know, the the, the reality is, you know, when people say what's your life story? My my life story is That. I had the ultimate privilege. Two amazing parents and then I made A series of What I think are rational, calculated decisions and it worked out well.


That's my, there's not all That much that's like super fascinating about That. The There There are obstacles you have to overcome along the way. Things That you don't expect. but the, this sort of idea That, you can take all the Right actions and That There is no correlation between That And success is such A lie. And it's A malicious lie And, it teaches people not to take the actions. It it innervates them. It makes them feel like If, I, If, I do all the Right things. There's no point to It. So what's the point of doing? Because doing the Right thing is actually harder than doing the wrong thing. and I think politicians lie about this all the damn time. I think it's ugly I think it's hideous. I I. Think That It. It kills the American spirit. The American people are A people of pioneers. That's What. We are, that's why we all like Westerns Right pioneer we're A pioneering people we're A. Bunch of people who came from Europe or from or from Asia, from wherever.


but it the very beginning from Europe, from north to get away from restrictions, to get away from restrictions into A place. That was far less secure. Right into A continent. That was totally uncultivated And where you have the chance of being killed by disease or the environment or where the natives ET ET any moment. And And then That wasn't enough. They started crossing mountains to go to more of these uncultivated places. And facing more hardships and more stresses. And then you have new waves of, of immigrants who are coming from more secure places where There is A guarantee of of you. You being able to grow up where your parents grew up and going to A place where you don't speak the language, where you don't know anything. and I think that's the story of virtually everybody's in the United States. Right now or ET least huge percentages of It like parents or grandparents or great grandparents who ET some point abandoned the place where they were more secure to come to A place where they were far less secure for the opportunity.


Are you telling me, That, my kids have less opportunity in America today in 2024 than my great-grandparents did when they showed up in like 19 Oh seven, not speaking A, word of English. And, get off the boat. And by the way, no real welfare programs, no giant social safety net And. The idea was you learn English And, you do the work, And, then you will get ahead. Th this arrogance That. We are We are the most victimized generation like What, the What. Are you even saying What? Are you talking about by What metric? Are you the most victimized generation? That sounds harsh because people and cherish That sense of victimization 'cause it throws the responsibility on somebody else. but you know, first, first of Law of of good management is look in the mirror and not through the window. Right. First of Law is if there's A problem and you look through the window, ET the thing That.


That is responsible for the thing that's making you miserable. You're not gonna solve the problem. If, you look in the mirror even If. It's true. That, you can't solve it. If, you look in the mirror, you better take the steps to ET least try to solve it first. Control the controllables. Exactly. Yeah, that's What I've seen. And most people are focusing on all the things they can't control and that's why they're so desperate for That politician to fix their life. And also, the gap between surviving and thriving has has changed. The spectrum has changed. Back in our parents and grandparents' days, it was literally survive. We had A roof over your head. Food on the table. Now We have A different problem where they go, well I want the American dream today in my own way. and I wanna shortcut it? I want A house now I want A car now I want have all my dreams. Now is That. Part of the problem is That. We've shortcut It with debt and other bad Solutions. I, That, That That for Sure is true.


And it's also the fascinating statistic about how many Americans have have moved and the, the number of Americans who are moving now is lower than ET. Any time in modern American history, Americans are basically staying where they were even though moving is actually much easier than it was 40, 50 years ago. And my parents were transplants to A. Couple different locations. Right, they started off in Chicago, they moved to Boston to go to college and then they end up in Los Angeles and now they're in Florida. Right, my I spent my entire life in La It Can A point where It was not sustainable anymore. We moved our company to Nashville. And we moved to Florida. Right the this this sort of idea. It's not just I want A house and I want A car. It's I want A house and I want A car. And precisely the area. I want the house And the car. And, If, I can't get That And the size of house I mean we can go back to your parents' story. That, they stayed in 2,400 square feet until just A Couple years ago.


Yes. And It started with you in 1100 feet. Yes. Which I we started in 1100 feet. And, I'm older than you by 25 years. but still I mean and and That was California real estate. So It super expensive. 'cause you they were in La ET the time. but still th this idea That 1100 square feet. You've got to be kidding me. Under What planet should I live There. I'm 21 years old. Well, why would I live in 1100? My Parents bought A house for eight and I. Go look. ET That house you don't Wanna live There, your boomers don't understand. You bought your houses for A basket of strawberries. Exactly. You don't understand. You don't grasp what's really going on. So I think our expectations and standards have shifted expectations to be impossible. I, I. Think That. Also because people have, you know, A, A, brain quirk.


That makes 'em think That If, something is What. It is today. It was always like That. They look ET people who live in giant houses and they think That person was always rich. Right, I, I get this crap all the time. Right, I mean it's like Oh. My God, you must have grown up Rich I mean you're very wealthy. Trust fund, which means you grew up Right. You're A trust fund baby and I. Think to myself, no I, like where are you possibly getting That? That doesn't even That like What What. In fact, I'll tell you the number of people who are truly like generationally wealthy, That I know the number of them who are trust fund babies is vanishingly small. Like the, the the richest people, That I know literally and I know the richest people. Right I mean like Elon. You're talking about people you know in, in Silicon Valley. These virtually none of them grew up. Trust fund babies, Right, Right, A, huge number of them grew up actually really poor or ET least ET, the very least middle class And.


Then they made A bunch of good decisions. I mean again for for all We all have these stories. Right, when I got started in my career and I was writing, I was writing for free. and I'd write for free just to get my stuff out. There. Yep. And my wife and I remember driving to like the local Republican club in Orange County to find A bunch of 80-year-old women and buy A Bunch I mean like 15. And then sell books outta the back of my car. ET 20 bucks A Pop and If We came away with $200. That was like an amazing day. And everyone has those stories. That's exactly What we did. It's why We have A trunk of A car out here in the lobby with books in It. 'cause that's how it started. And, the, you know the, the psalm over it Don't despise small beginnings. And, we know from the largest the research That we did the largest research project on millionaires ever done in North America. Over 10,000 of 'em. We studied That, 89% of America's millionaires.


It's about 21 million of 'em. Right now are not millionaires. This is data. It's not A feeling. It's A fact are not millionaires because of inherited money. 89%, that's nine out of 10. That should give everyone hearing That number every time. I put it out great hope. That. The American dream is not over. And And by the way. You can see it in the stats. I mean one of the things That Thomas o likes to point out is he says you whenever he's talking about disparities, And And income, I says, you know, What, the greatest disparity in wealth is between older people and younger people. Because you get wealthier as you get older. If you do It Right, ooh Right I mean this is, this is one of those things. That That, you know, If, you make smart financial decisions, meaning don't day trade, then you can actually get wealthy by making solid financial decisions.


And then just sticking with those positions over the long haul Compound growth, your income goes up. I'm the only get, I'm the only rapper in, in the history of rap who put the magic of compound interest in A in A top charting rap song. I I did, I did insist on That. That was like my insistence. M and m's been real quiet since you dropped That Track And I make wraps off compound interest. Y'all live with your parents. Tom McDonald was like, well I, you write your set of the lyrics. I was like, okay, the only thing I want, I insist I actually wanted EBITDA in There also. but, but it actually ended up only with, with the magic of compound interest. That's amazing. I'm curious, fabulous. How, how has your view of wealth changed as you've actually built it? You know, there's A view of wealth we have when we're young. And we're striving. Has It changed for you now? That, you're kind of in A different phase. Maybe, maybe in some ways.


You know, listen, I I was always ambitious to make more money. I mean I'm, I'm not gonna make any bones about this. I don't think that's A bad thing. I think That. You know, I didn't get into the business. I was in, in order to make money. You don't go into the political commentary business because you think you're just gonna be loaded. ET the end of the day. In fact, every time I tried to make money in A way, That was not my passion. It ended up failing Right. Which I which I think is another thing That That folks don't realize about people who tend to make A lot of money is the reason they got into the business. That they're in typically was not for the money. Right is because that's where their creative capacity was. So for example, I I mentioned I went to Law school, ET, Harvard Law Right, you come out, you have A trajectory, now you're gonna make A lot of money 'cause you go to Harvard Law, the chances you end up poor are pretty low. So you I go I work. ET A firm call Goodwin Proctor. And I'm like, you know, I, first of all, I had the worst interview record in the history of Harvard Law because I was conservative and That That didn't work out well with the Law firms.


but after I took my books off my resume, I got A job and I ended up working in like real estate Law. And so I'm sitting ET this beautiful office in Century City, And looking out, you know, over the, over the hills toward the ocean. And it's 2007 And. So there's no work Right. It's the end of the, it's the end of 2007. The real estate market has collapsed. You're sitting There doing nothing all day. and I am absolutely miserable. and I was making, What was, you know, great money coming outta Law school. It's like A hundred $80,000 and It was coming outta Law school. That's A lot of money and it's still A lot of money. I was dating my wife ET the time we'd gotten engaged. And, she saw you're, she's like, you're absolutely miserable. You're you, you, you're losing weight, you're miserable, you hate this, you should quit. and I said, okay, I mean I'm gonna make A. You know I don't have A job.


And she said, well don't worry, you like I I have faith That, you'll, you'll be able to get A job because you have A degree. You're A smart person. You'll figure It out and If you have to live on A lot less we'll live on A lot less so you don't have to be miserable. And so I ended up quitting. We had just, you know, bought A condo, which is A great move. I took A job for one third, the pay working ET A place call talk radio network, which was the syndicator for A bunch of nationally syndicator radios. Oh And the deal That I made with the head of the company. Mark Masters was That. I would do corporate legal like half the time I'd be kind of the secondary attorney. There. They had A primary I'd be A an associate about four hours A day and the other four hours. I What going, I told him, I'm only gonna do this. If I get to learn the basics of production. I wanna like sit in the room, I wanna cut audio I wanna see how the monologues are done?


I wanna see like how everything in this industry works. And. So I got like really in the guts of it from That trajectory came everything else. Right, you had to I had to take A step A couple steps back financially in order to take steps forward because I was learning the thing, getting expert ET the thing That I wanna be expert ET And. Then you try and you fail And, you try and you fail And, you try And, then you hit and and I think that's the story for A. Lot of people who get, you know, really, really, you know, wealthy is is That. you have gotta fail A lot. Absolutely. and I think you're Right That the politicians stating That, they are your answer for prosperity is alive from the pit of hell. and I, just I rail on it on our shows about the What happens in your house is A thousand times more important than What happens in the White House?


As far as the trajectory of your future success, neither party is going to make your life awesome. I'm old. I've seen both parties in office. Neither party has sent me money. Neither one of them have caused me to be successful. I've done stupid things under both of them. I've done really smart things under both of them. And the results of the stupid things or smart things That I did are What I inherited. Well This is why, but Bill Clinton didn't send me any money. He didn't curse me. He didn't bring my life to an end or anything else. And, and George w didn't and Ronald Reagan didn't. And neither one of these two will. Well And, that's why it drives me up A wall when you hear politicians say, I created this number of jobs. No, you no you didn't. No you didn't. By What standard, What business did you start That You created exactly That number of jobs and If.


You did create jobs in the, in the public sector. How much money did you have to steal from people in the private sector in order to redirect it to people? That, That you think are now gonna vote for you? You Know, I actually just told President Trump That in the interview the other day. I said, when you tell people, when politicians tell people they created jobs, It pisses people like me off because We know we create the jobs. So since small business is the backbone of the American economy, 54% of the gross domestic product, then What are you gonna do to unleash small businesses to create jobs? 'cause that's who most people work for. That was my question to him. And, he kind of chuckled and went, well, you know, that's Right. It's Like Yeah, I I. Think there's something in the American soul that's been innervated and put down for A long time. And the way That we discuss wealth and the way we discuss money in this country has been wrong for A long time.


This idea, That the wealthy are quote unquote, the privileged or the lucky I mean yes, obviously there's an element of luck. Obviously we We all have the privilege of living in the greatest country in the history of the world. Some of us have more privileges than others in the sense That, we were born smarter or we're born more handsome or you know, we're born more athletic. but the reality is That, that's the part you can't control. And. So when we talk about wealth That way What we're doing is talking about all the stupid things. That, That, you can't control the thing. That you can control is how you approach the world. And as A saying, That, We have ET. Our company, That, we, we kind of, you know, started trafficking in early on. we started hiring employees, which is, you can't, you can't teach hungry Right. I, I can do I, can I can teach you all sorts of skills. I can make you better ET your job, but it cannot teach you If. You're not hungry. And Americans, I, I feel like have lost hungry or ET least they've forgotten how to be hungry.


but it think the deep in the American soul There is A desire again to be pioneers. There's, there's A desire to be entrepreneurial. There's A desire to, to actually go out There and conquer and That. That's A. Good thing. We've gotten away from this sort of aggressive language with regards to how to approach the world. Yeah. but That but That, That language is good. I think you have A duty to succeed. I think That. This, this, this idea That, it's A matter of, you know, moral apathy. Whether you make the decisions That lead to success or not is really terrible. you have A duty to ET least try to succeed. you have A duty to make the good decisions and you have to take That burden on yourself. And when you do, you'll be freer. 'cause it'll, it'll, you'll be in the flow. You'll, you'll feel the thing, you'll feel like you have A pathway to success. There's Something about putting That harness on And leaning into It. That That stimulates you.


It really does. And, you know, we've got about 1100 team members. And well over 400 of them are Gen Z. And you know, for the people watching this I, I'm greatly encouraged about hungry because in Gen z, There is A group of them. That are tremendously hungry. They, they are missional. They, they'll charge the gates of hell with A water pistol And. Then there's A group of 'em. That are useless, completely useless. Right A. And, but there's kind of no middle ground like baby boomers. We would ET least lie And, you know, and say, We were useful. You know, but they won't even lie. They'll just look ET you and say, I'm useless. Or they'll say, let me in. Put me in coach. Put me in coach. But by, by the way, I think That That That.


Last point is really important is That. What. That says There, There has now been created in the United States. A permission structure for uselessness, Right Yeah. It used to be That If, you If, you If, you were, you know, lazy, didn't wanna do the work. You ET least had to pretend That you weren't lazy. And That, you didn't want do the work. And. Now there's been A permission structure that's been created by our politics. Winning And Yeah. I mean every, every time people talk about, well is It really That good That, you're committed so much to your work. Is it good That, you're spending so much time ET work. Now listen, If, you have A bad work life balance. Meaning, you know, first of all, I I don't even like the term work life balance because work is part of your life. but it If If. The idea is you're spending so much time ET work, you're not spending the proper amount of time with your family. That's A real concern. You need to rejigger your life. I mean I. I have to make conscious decisions about when to stop working to spend time with my kids.


but that's not What. People are talking about What. They really mean by work-life balance is, That work is something terrible. It's A burden. That, you take upon yourself and If, only the markets were nice and friendly. Then you just get everything you want handed to you. If, we just have the Star Trek replicator machine. We just hand you everything That you want. And that's really the natural state of things. And. It's like That is not even remotely the natural state of things. The natural state of things is people dying. ET the age of 30 from some terrible disease while living in the outdoors. Right. That's the natural state of things That'll make you grateful. Yeah, It, Americans, very few Americans have spent A. Lot of time in, you know, other places of the world. That are A lot poor. And by the way, you don't have to go That far. They don't have to be That much poorer. You can go to places in, in Latin America where the corruption is endemic.


I mean truly endemic. You just walk off the plane, And. we, my wife and I went to Panama recently and literally we got off the tour guide, had to bribe A cop like ET the airport. I mean That, That sort of stuff is, is really, really common. You should be grateful to live in A country where If, you try to bribe A cop, you're probably gonna get arrested. Right like the, the, the level of of honesty in America is extraordinary. The level of consistency in application of rules, yes, There are problems, but compared to other countries is astonishing. If, you can't succeed in America. Where, where precisely are you going to succeed? And What does success look like to you? Yeah, I've spent 16 days in December in Egypt and I just got back from 14 days in Turkey. And both of those have less than A $6,000 annual average income.


And And, Yeah, We got it. Good. We can download an app And go drive Uber and make That Yeah in A. Few months make, make That in A month. Wow. If, you, If you stay in your car enough. Yeah, that's pretty incredible. So You're on the campaign trail. I'm curious 'cause it sounds like What you guys are talking about is the job of the politician and the government is to create an environment where people can thrive and businesses can thrive. So What, do you think politicians need to do If? Your people get an office? What are the steps That we need to take to create That environment. Well, I mean massive deregulation and I. Think That. This is something President Trump certainly understands. Cutting the red tape, That has to be done. ET, A, local state, And, federal level It is so much harder to start A business now than it was to start A business A few decades ago.


And If If, you wanna build A house. Now the, the number of of hoops That you have to jump through doing environmental impact statements. And, And, And applying to things. Now again, it's way better here than it is in other countries. I, If, you look ET. I'm, I'm very familiar with the legal system in Israel, the legal system in Israel to, to build A new building in Israel, just to get the permits approved is like 270 days. To do it in the state of Florida where I'm is like three hours. So, but with That said there's too much regulation. That regulation makes it very, very difficult. You need to stop confiscating people's wealth. When people make money, let them make their money And, then reinvest their money in new things. We need to get rid of the systemic burden on the American economy. That requires That draw down, which is these giant welfare programs. These giant welfare programs are eating the American economy alive.


And, none of these politicians will take it on because when you have A A concentrated benefit and A diffuse cost, then it's very hard for politicians to actually make the case for getting rid of the program Right. When 10 people are really benefiting A lot, but A thousand people are paying 1 cent, it's much easier to just say to those 10 people, Hey, you're getting your money. You know, everything's, everything's great for you and all you, you're just paying 1 cent. but the reality is, If, you take 1 cent many, many, many times, which is What the government is doing. Eventually you end up bankrupting everything. And politicians on both sides are running screaming away from this sort of stuff because the American people are not prepared to hear it. And frankly, I don't put it on the politicians I I really think That when it comes to the politicians. I I I deeply believe in Thomas soul's statement about this. It's not about electing the Right people, it's about creating incentives.


So the wrong people do the Right things. And in the end that's on us. Right. We're the voters. We're the ones who get to decide whether we hold politicians accountable for lying to us about social security or Medicare or Medicaid or the welfare programs. That are, That are eating the budget and the American people are seem to be willing to walk Right off That Cliff I can't blame the politicians for taking advantage. I blame them for lying. I I blame them for for not telling the truth. but that's What you and I are here for is to tell the truth. Also, I mean I, I, I. Think That. I've spoken with A, lot of Congress people, senators, presidents and, and one of the things That I constantly say to the politicians is, your job is not my job. And my job is not your job. Your job is to go get 80% of the loaf And. My job is to define What. The loaf looks like, and What I see from the politicians is them trying to do our job and us trying to do their job.


Meaning We are afraid to tick off our audiences by saying the thing That might be unpopular. 'cause not enough people are willing to agree with the idea. That, they're free to succeed in America. You might piss somebody off. Right maybe. And so there's audience capture in the commentary. And then for politicians, they wanna pretend That, the 80% That they're getting is A. Hundred percent because that's how you win. You pretend That actually you cut the, the single best deal in the history of humankind, even when you only got 50% of the loaf. And, and so What you'll do is you'll pretend, well, I Sure I didn't touch welfare or social security, Medicare, Medicaid, but it solved all our budget problems and we're gonna soar into the future. It's like, no, now, now you're lying. So I think bo both the commentary and the and the political sphere have to stop lying I think both of 'em are lying. I think the very first time I saw you was some YouTube clips of you taking question is on woke subjects from college kids.


And that's probably, gosh, you and I have been friends for almost 10, almost 10 years. So that's probably 10 or 15 years ago. Some of those clips, the first time I saw them and I think it was Rachel was ET the lake house. She, she gotta see this. Ben Sha Oh i's the one That are always and What, he's doing Ben Shapiro. Rex destroys Cruz. He just, he he's destroyed. but one of the things That struck me with That and I think one of the things that's appealing about those clips, And, even about your Show And, sometimes we get it on our stuff, but we're A little A A. Little different t take on it is this sense That, it's like your pulse rate doesn't change on these things. You know, there's this thing of you, you, you're I wanna say, not afraid, but that's not it.


You don't get amped up ET all, it's almost as If when you're debating someone, you're toying with them. You're, you're A chess master And, you've seen four moves ahead, And, they're done. So we're gonna go ahead, And, enjoy the ride. You know, That kind of A thing. It is the way it feels. Have you always been That way or did you develop That confidence as you, as you did it more I? Think some both I, I think you get better ET it. The more you do It and There are times where you still have to remind yourself, yourself to stay calm depending on how inflammatory the topic you're taking on is I. Remember you just this year when I went to Oxford University in the aftermath of October 7th, And obviously, you know, I know people whose family members are kidnapped in, in the Gaza Strip I know multiple families who have lost family, who are soldiers in in Gaza I know many people Right now who are serving in Lebanon.


So I have, you know, A pretty close stake in, in That particular conflict. And. And in October 7th, And And, all the rest And and I was, you know, facing down students who actively were calling for the destruction of the state of Israel and defending Hamas and Hezbollah And, all this I And going in I and had to say to myself, listen, just stay calm. Just stay calm. Just don't get angry. Just stay calm. That, that's, that's fairly rare. I I tend to be more analytic. There's, there's sort of A mode That I go into, and this is, this is the part that's kind of natural. I'm not Sure why It It occurred. Maybe it's from being bullied as A kid, but Where, where almost I can see myself almost in third person doing the thing where it's like, okay, well now we're in analysis mode. And, this person's making an argument. Is It A good argument Is It A bad argument?


Let's try And. Kind of figure out What, the What, the puzzle pieces are here. Force them to define terms. Try And ex maybe I agree with them. What, What exactly is It they're doing here. My wife hates It when this happens during A A home argument. By the way, she'll be like, we're not in A YouTube video. You need to stop this Right. Now Yeah, how do you argue with Ben Shapiro? ET home? That feels like, is it even worth It? No. I mean the So do You ever let her win just for fun? Like Oh, How does this work? Well, I mean my smart I let her win all the time. Right I mean That That. That's the smart move. but it's, but Yeah, the, the truth is my wife is really good about this sort of stuff, meaning That Yeah, I'm, I'm, you know, by nature A, very analytic person, And. So I've, I've said this before, Yeah, when, when I'm talking to my wife And, I'll now generalize this to, to many women.


Many women, when they present A problem, they don't want an answer. They want sympathy. And, this is A mistake I made for many years, ET, the beginning of my marriage, where my wife would come to me with A problem. And be like, Right, so you should do this And, this And, this And. Then it'll be solved. And. She'd be like, get angry. Like What. Why, why are you do, like, why are you telling me That And? So I actually said to her, I, you know, I need to know ET the outside of the conversation. Is this this solving this thing problem? Or is this A? You just want me to hear you conversation. Like, which one, which one of these is it? And she's, she's nice enough to actually like, be honest about That, let me know. Good, good marriage technique. And I've heard she's one of the nicest people in the world. Yes. So opposites do attract apparently Yeah. Exactly. you have said exactly. No, she, she Yeah e everyone, everyone loves my wife. My wife is A sweetheart. So Are you in That? Same vein.


A, lot of your brand has been built around controversy. You're stepping into extremely controversial things. Or sometimes you create it I, is this intentional or is it just A value? This is something I value and I need to go There, And If controversy happens. So be It. It's more, more the latter. I I really try not to say uncalibrated things for the sake of just drawing fire everything. That I say I feel like I could say in A more inflammatory fashion just to get clicks. I I I really try to calibrate my language to make Sure That If. There's A hill That I'm gonna die on I wanna die on A hill of my own choosing. And, and What That means is That. if there is A position, That finds itself in controversy. Then I wanna state it as clearly and succinctly as I can. A boy is not A girl. Right I mean.


These are things That That didn't used to be controversial, but now are very, very controversial or disparities are not, are not evidence of discrimination. Right, you have to Show me evidence of discrimination. Otherwise, you know, There might be A confound in, in, in What. You're talking about And That like That That has now become A controversial statement, but it I I really try not to just initiate, you know, firefights for the sake of initiating firefights. I try to be pretty careful about the language That I use and, and frankly I find It irritating. When people are deliberately vague, when they use semantic overload in order to do That, you'll see people do this again criticizing my own industry. but you'll see people do this, they'll say something That is perceived by say, our side of the aisle as perfectly obvious, And, it's perceived by the other side of the aisle as the most controversial thing ever.


And If, they had just said it in the way That, they actually meant it. It wouldn't be controversial ET all. So instead of talking about, say you to, to take just A A, random example, pretty famous commentator on the Right ET. One point was suggesting That immigration was making our country dirty And. This was perceived by the Right as okay There are people who are coming across our border, who come from cultures where they don't clean the streets as often. And That means there's more trash on the streets. Sometimes And, that's, that's A bad thing. And then people on left are like, he's talking about racially dirty If. You're on the Right, you read, that's semantic overload. It's A. It's A term. That. That can be interpreted A variety of ways. If, the commentator just said What. I mean is the first thing What I mean is when people come here and they come from A culture where There isn't regular trash pickup up, they sometimes leave their garbage on the lawn and That makes the neighborhood dirtier. And That has severe social consequences for everybody else who lives in the neighborhood.


Now it's not even controversial Right, you know exactly What, the person's saying and I think there's A A, certain amount of deliberate vagueness. That very often contributes to controversy. That I don't particularly like, 'cause it's not It doesn't aim ET. It's ET solving the problem. You know, sometimes I think it's deliberate and sometimes I think it's almost mental laziness. Instead of taking the time to get to the point in A concise way, in A clear way with courage and, and say this is What. I mean and If, you don't like That. That's okay Right, but this is What. I mean, and That requires some extra mental gymnastics And. It requires an extra level of backbone to step in and go be, be very, very clear. If, you're gonna be mad. ET me, let's be mad. ET me about the Right. Read the Right region. Exactly. This is one of the things That drives me absolutely up A wall is, is when people will s they'll use words like they without antecedent Right, they're out to get you.


It's like, well, I, I need to know who they is. Yeah, we get That in the financial world, they said, and I heard Right, so What horrible financial planning firm, And, And. And you see this all the time in politics. Well, they're doing X, they're doing What. Can We even know who they are? If, you tell me who they're I can, I can verify It. I can say whether it's false, whether I, think That. It's true. You see this about say election 2020 And people will say the election was rigged. Okay, I need specifics. What, are you talking about specifically when you say the election was rigged, do you mean That members of the legacy media hid the Hunter Biden laptop story in the lead up to the election in order to help Joe Biden? Totally agree. If. That's What. You mean by rigged A? Hundred percent agree. If by rigged you mean then the middle of the night in Fulton County, There are people who will bring in U-Haul full ballots and then just shoving them through the machines. I need some evidence of That Right, but people will use rigged and they'll just mean all those things to all those people.


And then If, you say, well, I don't think I don't agree with you the way you're talking about. Then it's like, well that's because you're on the other side. Right it It it's A way of creating artificial division rather than clarity. And, and That That I find pretty reprehensible and Oh. It, It's, it's where we've devolved from arguing about ideas. Instead, We argue about hyperbole. That's What. It comes down To have you found That? You know, with the onset of Instagram reels, And, TikTok and shorts. It exacerbates it. It's, and like when you just see the headline and snap judgment start commenting and there's no context for Sure for the full hour long piece you did on the subject versus this 32nd clip you saw. And and That also means That That, it's very easy to deliberately mischaracterize other people's viewpoints. Right, so you, That That happens all the time.


Yep. Where, where somebody will, will claim That. You said A thing. That, you clearly did not say. In fact, you may have said precisely the opposite or you clarified it in A particular way in the middle of, you know, A 15 minute segment or an hour segment and they'll pick out one sentence and then because people have an intention span of 7.3 seconds or whatever it is, you know, people will, will see That and then they'll just think that's your view from now on. I mean the, the comments That we started with about retirement are A. Perfect example of this. I wasn't saying That, you can never retire. you have to be 90-year-old working in salt mine. Ben hates old people. Right. Exactly. That was for like two weeks. That was the narrative. The narrative was I I. Remember they did the same thing during covid Right during covid. I was saying That just on in, on an insurance basis, we should treat years lost of life. As one of the stats That we use in measuring the impact of covid, meaning That If, you're talking about you know who to protect and who to shield.


We should be shielding the elderly. That's, that's the number one job. but we should be tranching people who are younger back into the workforce because those people are not really gonna get sick and they're really not gonna die. They're gonna be fine. If, you're talking about, you know, past pandemics. This pandemic compared to other pandemics is targeting particularly not kids, not people who are young, And healthy. It's particularly targeting people who are older. And have multiple pre-existing conditions, which means That, it's A less damaging pandemic than past pandemics in certain ways. Right not in terms of every human life is, is valuable, but it, you're just talking about like cost of years lost. Then you're, you're talking about people who are 85 who are dying ET 85 as opposed to 86. That's horrible. It's A tragedy. It's awful. It's also not the same thing as A 9-year-old child dying And. we all know That, Right, If If. Millions of 9-year-old children have been dying of Covid.


Then people would've been willing to undertake pretty much any measure in order to quote unquote slow the spread Right. but it it, so I said That And, the takeaway from the media was Shapiro fine with, with dead old people. And. It's like, that's not What. I'm saying ET. All I'm saying What is A. Perfectly obvious point. but you know, If, you can boil things down into their most controversial and stupid form. People like being pissed. People, people like the feeling of getting passionate on the internet. And And, It'll get views and clicks. ET the end of the day Yeah Lot Yeah. I've noticed A, lot of people have made A really good living off of doing That off of my stuff. Right making up A. Solid secondary living off of just reacting to things. That, you should reacting to things. That I say, I'm, I'm really good for clicks. Exactly for things I didn't say. So last thing, you And Caleb And Jeremy are running Daily Wire. For those of you who don't know, that's the two pre co-presidents of Yeah.


They're the ones who actually do the work. We The A, daily Wire And. So you're running A Media Company, we're running A Media Company, we're watching the landscape change pretty quickly out There in the media world, What do you see for the next five years. So A, lot of it's gonna be dependent on the new dissemination of social media and What. What's allowed I. Think That, you're gonna start to see A, lot of onshoring to use an analogy, you know people who wanna use your app or use our app because that's the only place they can safely get the information. And and it's Unconsolable. Right. Exactly. And and And. We're all building, you know, kind of our, our data silos. So That, If, god forbid Amazon Web Services decides That, they're going to go woke then, then we have to figure out exactly What to do.


There is A bit of A pushback in the social media world. You're seeing it from Zuckerberg Right now actually you saw it from Musk That. That is going to possibly Open up the informational ecosystem again. That's my hope. There's A big push against It because the more information is available from non-approved sources. The more people get afraid. That, that's on the one hand. On the other hand, I I think That the response of the Right to the left shrinking the Overton window so much was to completely blow up the Overton window. M and so the the left basically said, the only things you're allowed to say are things That agree with Hillary, Hillary Clinton, And. Then the rest of us are like, well I guess we're all out here in the cornfield together. And instead of us then saying, okay, well I, think That, the Overton window should be A hell of A lot broader than That, but I'm not Sure That. It should include neo-Nazis. I don't mean they should be de platformed or anything, but it think That.


That's not like in the realm of normalcy. Instead the Right had A reaction, which was like all, it was almost A moral relativistic reaction. It's like all views should be taken with equal seriousness and, and I think that's, that's A negative for Sure. Again, not calling for anybody to have their account canceled or anything like That, but I think that's been used then as A justification by the left to then shut down speech Right. Then they'll say, Oh, well there's too many neo-Nazis shut down the speech. It it's like this reactionary ping pong ball that's moving back And forth. And the only people I think who are going to succeed in the coming environment are people who are authentic And, who tell the truth and who have the capacity to build their own ships. Because I don't know it's gonna come next. The seas are really choppy, but What, What I do know is That If people, you know, want your stuff or want our stuff.


We have to provide A home for them and I think That. As people become more and more dissatisfied with the informational environment, there're gonna be more and more people who are looking to go There Yeah Cancel culture had an unintended consequence because of people in our business, the way we're reacting to it, we're, we're building ships. You know, we're still playing with the third party apps. We're still very popular on all of them. We love them, they're fine, but it I never know What they're going to deem next. That. I said, and I'm A fairly innocuous character Right compared compared to you guys. You know, And, And We're fairly innocuous compared to others. I mean And. So Yeah agreed It, it's, it's pretty, it's pretty wild. The the standard does change radically and quickly. and I talked to A.


Lot of the heads of these tech companies, And, the truth is they're, they're not in control. I mean the There are A. Lot of middle management employees who are making specific decisions on What Exactly. Gets approved And What does not. And then you have to go through the entire framework and and then they pretend it's the algorithm. It's not the algorithm, it's actually just some schmuck. 21-year-old with A click with An ax to grind Yeah Yeah Yeah. Exactly, exactly. Cool stuff. Well, proud of you guys. Again, we sit ET the opening and we're proud of you. have you as friends and neighbors, And We, love watching your success, And, watching your talent And, all the good things you're doing. Very well done and I appreciate you ta taking time to sit down with us on long form here And it's always great to see you. It's A Blast. Ben Shapiro, ladies and gentlemen, Ben Shapiro. Thanks Ben. This is the Ramsey Show Hi guys.


George Kamel here. If, you love this interview. And, you want even more. We've got exclusive bonus content you can't find anywhere else available in the Ramsey Network app. Ben reveals major shifts happening in the media. And talks about the realities of family dynamics in the current culture. I know you're gonna wanna hear this, so simply click the link in the Show notes. And head on over to the Ramsey Network app for more from this interview.