
From Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by Dr. John Delony. This hour. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. If you're new to the show, here's how it works. You call in, we talk to you, and hopefully we help you take the right next step for your life, your money and your relationships. Sydney's gonna kick us off in Huntsville, Alabama. What is going on Sydney. Hey guys. Thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. So I think this is right up George's alley. My husband and I are in a disagreement about how much to contribute to retirement. Oh, We're a little background.


We have about 420,000 between both of our retirement accounts right now and then 160,000 in non-retirement savings. We don't have any debt besides our mortgage. And then we also have started college funds for our children. Wow. And he thinks that once we reach a certain point and that number in his mind is about 200, 250,000 per person, that we can take our contributions down to 1%. and I am not for that at all of course. But yeah, I'm just trying to Why 1%? Why not just go to zero man?


Well I guess his thought is that he can, he's, we're still contributing something, but when he does like the, you know, compound interest calculator in 30 years, it's still like 4 million or something like that. Okay. And he thinks that's gonna be enough. Wow. Well it sounds like 15% is not gonna damper your lifestyle at this point. If you just invest 15% until the house is paid off, then you can invest even more beyond that or give more. What's the harm in that? It sounds like you guys have a great income. Well that's another factor is I like am kind of wanting to stay home with our kids. So All the more reason to invest is it not On, in my opinion, yes.


So I'm trying to win the argument to him. Do you kind of wanna stay home or do you all the way wanna stay home? So all the way, but okay, so my company, they contribute 15% of my salary, which is about 120,000 to my 401k regardless if I contribute anything. But I also contribute 15%. So that's a big hold up for me is I'm getting 30% of my salary every year into my retirement. And so I feel like I'm giving up a huge charge. Why Are you contributing an extra 15% if they're already contributing 15% of your own money? That's the same as you contributing 15% of your own money, correct? That's correct, yes.


Yeah. so what if, if you dial back to 15%, was he beyond 15% right now with his income? No. So we are, he is probably at, he just started a new company so he is actually not able to contribute yet. The past few years we've maxed out and then like just this year 'cause so he works in the mortgage industry so obviously things have slowed down a lot. So he dialed back his contributions to that 1%. Well That's my, my big thing is we don't know what 30 years from now looks like. We don't know if he's gonna be able to work three years from now. We don't know what life is gonna throw at us. And so I like the idea of just investing 15% until we get the house paid off, we can increase it there. And we've had very few calls where someone said, man, I hate that I invested 15%.


We have too much money help. That's my favorite problem to deal with. But we get a lot of calls to people saying, Hey, we're 62, we have to work because we thought our retirement was gonna do this, but then our account did this And, we didn't realize that our funds weren't in the right spot. And there's too many variables that I don't like about just not investing or investing 1% because you feel like you can ride it out. Right. Can I ask you, what is he gonna do with the rest of the money? So if I did leave, if I quit working, like all of my Ben, all of our benefits, family benefits, everything on are on my side and with his company, the benefits are, I mean it's like triple what we pay.


So it would kind of even out to dial it back to that 1%. so What, what does he make And then the insurance? It varies. I think this year it'll be probably around two 50. Maybe Just on his side. So if you stay home, household income is at two 50? Yep. With just a mortgage. What's left on the mortgage? Two 80. And what's the non-retirement funds for the 160 K? We ha. So we just sold a piece of real estate And. we plan to buy some land and eventually build. So we're kind of just holding it at our high yield savings right now. Why not down the Mortgage? We also have a, we also have a brokerage account that has that.


We may just move it there too. don don't really know yet. Yet. Okay. Well I would be focused on getting rid of the mortgage, which is only gonna make your life staying home even easier. Way more margin. and I would continue investing 15%. And one of the reasons of many is we don't know what 30 years from now looks like. We don't know what inflation's gonna do. We don't know what taxes will be. And so I would rather have a bigger pile of money. Well it's not hurting your lifestyle here. You know, we're not talking about 60%, it's 15 and you guys have done such a great job already. so I applaud him on that. But now's not the time to let our foot off I guess. So you would even put that towards the house. Even if we plan to move in like the next two years. Well, are you gonna keep the house and buy the land or would you sell the house when you get the land?


We, We would probably buy the land build then sell the house. Okay. I mean I don't like the idea of you guys having two mortgages. If you get the land, are you gonna be able to pay for the land in cash and building cash? Yes. Not building cash. No. But we would pay for the land in cash. Okay. There might be a weird little period there where you got the mortgage still, plus you've got a new mortgage as you try to build. so I would consider that as well as part of your near future plans. But I don't know that I can convince him to invest more. He can crunch all the calculations he wants, but this is all, you know, conjecture at this point. And so I would recommend you guys sit down with a third party, like a financial advisor and have them walk you through big picture.


Here's what you're, here's where you're at, here's where you're telling me you want to go. Is there a gap right now? What's it gonna take to get there? And he might say, Hey, you're 110% on track, let's scale back. Or he might say, I'd continue down this path, but two knuckleheads on the radio may not be able to convince him that's the problem. No, I appreciate it. Well Here's the biggest convincing. Six years ago I was three jobs and two states away. And if you had told me six years ago that I would be a YouTuber or that I'd be sitting on the radio next to George and the largest call in finance show on planet Earth, I would've laughed at you.


And so I think it's easy to be like, Hey, I don't wanna do this principle now. 'cause I got this thing that's gonna happen in five years. And what's pretty cool is I didn't say, hey, I I, I might wanna be a YouTuber someday, so I'm gonna quit going to college. I'm gonna quit showing up to my day job. I'm gonna practice YouTubing. I kept doing my, the day to day principles that I knew, which is to continue to go to grad school, continue to write good papers, continue to show up in, in, in my job. And then when this opportunity came along, it was cool 'cause I had the foundation and like George said, like no one's ever called us and been like, man, I just put too much in retirement. I wish I hadn't have done that. Yeah, but our show only exists because people don't, they have some scheme that in five years I'm gonna buy the land and I'm gonna get the goats. I'm gonna do it all in cash.


And so I'm not gonna put anything in retirement. You don't know if, if you're pregnant with twins tomorrow and everything in your life change. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. So just keep, keep, keep playing the chords in a four, four time. Just keep doing the things that you know are right. And then on top of that stuff then opportunities show up. 'cause you just kept doing the right thing day in, day out, it's diet, nutrition, it's, it's just this same boring thing over and over again. And then suddenly 10 years later you're a millionaire. Right? It all works out. So keep just showing up. Keep showing up. and I know he's smart and wants to hack his way to it, but it's just, it's just not possible. Thanks for the call Sydnee. More of your calls coming up. Triple eight eight two five five two two five.


This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright, so we all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of, of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I bet there are things that you loved learning over the years. Like gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us spend our lives learning deeply about anything other than ourselves. This fall I want to challenge you, become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you, to regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere. So it's convenient for just about any schedule. You just fill out a brief online survey and get matched with a licensed therapist and you can change it anytime for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp hlp.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by host of The Dr John. Delony Show. Dr. John Delony himself is with me. The number call. Hey, did you hear? I I heard, yeah, it's two eight two five five two two five. But I heard James May have been a finalist for the presidency of the Smashing Pumpkins fan club. No Way. Congrats. He's one of the best. I know. It's been a long time coming for him. He's A huge, huge, huge fan. Decades. He's awesome. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We are live. And that is called trolling my friends, in case you don't understand sarcasm. Alright, Carol is up next in Tucson. What is happening? Carol? I guys, can you hear me okay? Yeah, you could do a little better, but we can hear you.


Okay. I'll talk as loud as I can. Just right into your phone is what's helpful Right into my phone. How's That? That's that better? Sure. Okay. I'm a little nervous so Should I You take your time. Okay, so I, I I was forced into an earlier retirement due to some medical reasons, but fortunately I kind of set myself up with the anticipation of, of that I've been a low wage earner most of my life. No college degree waitress. And did all of those things. Finally ended up in a customer service position that, you know, got me by paycheck kind of paycheck.


But I had, you know, Dave Ramsey kind of mindset about just saving every penny, save every penny, save every penny. and I Ended up with a, a small savings of about 70,000 that during the oh eight housing crash, I decided to funnel it all into buying real estate, which paid off big time because I got three single family homes that were bottom dollar, either foreclosure or short sales. And they're all paid in full now. Awesome. Yeah. And they're, they've been rented.


Oh yeah, they've been rented the whole time I've been doing rentals. This has been since, well right around the oh nine ish timeframe. I also early on bought a duplex that I lived in the front and rented the back. so I house half that. so I never really have paid a mortgage or a rent because the renter has always paid for that. And that's now paid in full as well. So You, so you have four paid four properties including the one you're living in? Yeah, three single family homes and one duplex that are basically all paid in full. I do have a small mortgage on one of the single families. It's about 50,000 or so. Okay.


So I'm working on kind of paying that down. But I ended up in an early retirement and it worked out 'cause I was able to, because I have about 4,000 coming in from the, the, the long-term rentals and I turned the back of the duplex and then an also little area in the, in the back into Airbnbs, which brings in its own money. So what's your total monthly income from all this real estate? I mean it varies because the Airbnbs fluctuate based on seasons. so I tried to kind of average that out. And the average is roughly because some months I'm doing 10,000 a month and some months I'm doing 150 a month, you know, so it's really all over the place.


But I average it out to around either 18 to 2000, maybe a little more per month as an average year for the year in on the Airbnbs. Okay. And then the rentals, the long term rentals bring in, again, this is gross but you know, it's pretty close. About 4,000 a month. Okay. So your gross income, let's just call it for easy numbers, we're gonna say you're making $70,000 a year. Okay, let's go with that. Yeah. And what is your question today? I, well I have no debt. I have no car payments, no credit card payments. I have a small medical debt.


I'm questioning whether I should be to, to simplify my life, sell these long-term rentals, sell these houses, which I'm guessing would get me close to a million dollars in hand. Okay. I'm concerned about capital gains 'cause I'm gonna make a fortune on Me. Yeah, from what you bought it for and what it's worth today. Astronomical. Exactly. Astronomical. And if I do, is there a way to protect so I don't have to and I, is that a wise idea? Is that a bad idea? Should I just keep going the way I'm going or should I really kind of rethink and simplify and put it into something that earns interest?


Don don't. Well there's nothing wrong with being, Dave loves real estate and most of his net worth is in real estate. A lot of his income comes from real estate. and I would also say it, I would also say it's wise to be diversified. And so maybe you split the difference. Maybe you don't go, I'm gonna liquidate all the real estate and pay the taxes and put it all into the market. Maybe you go, I'm gonna sell two of these and put that money into the market so that I'm diversified and I have some income from the real estate, some income from the stock market. And they can balance each other out in that way. If the real estate market takes a dip or you got a bad renter, well your investments are still trucking along in the stock market. The stock market takes a big dip, but real estate spikes. Well we've got a good hedge there. so I like that mentality from now and as it becomes more of a headache, you can liquidate more real estate as you get older and you don't want to do landlord stuff, you can get rid of more.


Okay. What, what is there, there's no way to avoid capital gains on that scenario though, right? There's, you know, 10 31 exchanges and you can do that until the cows come home. But at some point someone's gonna have to pay the taxes if this thing sells. and I would be working with a tax pro as well as a financial advisor to develop the best game plan. 'cause you've built a sizable, you know, net worth here and some real assets. What is your total net worth? I mean, right. I, for somebody who's never made money in her life on a career like on a W2, I'm I'm a millionaire, Good for you. and I. Well there's a lot of paths to get there and you, you did it and Dave bought a lot of real estate during the crash and it panned out for him just like it did for you.


And he bought, you know, a hundred x of what you bought probably. so I don't think there's anything wrong with diversifying. I think it's a smart move. and I would look at the tax implications and see, all right, which one do I want to kinda dip my toe in the water with? Let's sell this property, here's the taxes I'm gonna owe, I'm gonna put it into the market. Here's the general rate I might see over that time. And that kind of guarantees that you have some level of income from real estate and the investments. Okay. And what, what type of investments do you recommend for something like that? Like is it like a boss thing or, I mean I'm not, I'm, here's the thing, I'm really naive about investments. so I really would have to 100% rely on the trustworthiness of a financial person.


Yes. Well we, we have a whole network of those. If you jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Trusted Pros, you can connect with one that we trust to help you with this stuff. And what they're gonna recommend is mutual funds. And so these are giant piles of stocks. We're talking like 200 plus stocks in one of these funds and that keeps you diversified. What they're not gonna do is say, Hey, I heard that Tesla's gonna go, you know, skyrocket after this move they make. We don't recommend that you want to be diversified among the best top companies out there that we're all rooting for. And even then they'll diversify you amongst different mutual funds. Maybe there's an aggressive growth one with smaller companies that are more startup. Maybe there's growth in income, the big companies we've all heard of for the last, you know, 50 years.


And so that will help you sleep better at night and avoid giant roller coasters in the stock market. Okay. And do I get dividends from that every month? I set it up that way so that it kind of supplements my income? Or is that something that should be continued to just kind of roll over on itself? I'm, I'm more of a fan of reinvesting the dividends. You're not really getting any benefit there. What's happening is they're selling off the shares and then they're gonna give you the profits. So instead of sharing the profits now I'd rather see those profits reinvested and add to the compound snowball that's happening. Okay. But then that, that means my, my monthly income is really gonna take a dive if I get rid of Potentially depending on when you need the money.


And so that's another thing to think about is are you not gonna talk touch this money for five years or do you need this money next month? And that's the kind of stuff the financial advisor will walk you through and go, here's the plan based on what your expenses are, what your needs are and your age and your time horizon for retirement. And so that's where, you know, you want a big holistic picture and some, a third party looking at that's really gonna be beneficial for you. Right. Well I'm in retirement now early due to medical reasons. So how old are you? and I'm not social security so I I do rely on this income. Yeah and that might be part of the picture. That's why I would say let's not go liquidate at all and then go, oh gosh, I need to this income right now. So get connected Ramsey Solutions dot com, click on Trusted Pros and they'll steer you in the right direction.


But you've done a great job. Even if it was accidental John, that I'll take, that's still a win. Still a win. So thank you so much for the call Carol. More of your call is coming up. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The, Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't band-aids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash Ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door and use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one and you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey. Use the promo code Ramsey


This is The Ramsey Show Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. Our question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. Now you guys private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally Mae. So to learn more about this custom refinancing option and a lump sum payoff option you could qualify for after 24 months, go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be available in all states. Today's question comes from Victoria in Kansas. Victoria asks, My son is 21 and has been living with his girlfriend since they graduated high school.


She's taken over his life and money to the point that he has cut off contact with me three times. She grew up, oh man, already she's stepped in it. She grew up with limited means and I was a single parent but did well financially. I showed him how to save money and be frugal. I raised him to earn the things he wanted before cutting off contact with me this time he said that they have leased brand new matching cars and he now has credit cards to bill credit. At this time, if anything were to happen to me, I would not feel comfortable leaving him any of my assets. This girl has driven a wedge between us and I don't want her to have a single red scent of my hard earned money. I fear he will give her everything, any advice on how to get him to come home. And if he doesn't, should I go ahead and remove him from my will?


Oof y Alright, so a couple things here. Dave's talked about this pretty eloquently and I won't be as eloquent, but when your son's 21 and he moves out, you are now in the influence business, not in the dictation business. In the dictator business. When you have a 16-year-old in your house, you can kind of say, here's what you're gonna do. Right? When they're 21 and they've moved in with a romantic partner and they're out, they don't have to do what you say. So Victoria, you worked really hard. Single house, single mom, you busted your butt. You wanna make sure they learned some lessons, some real important stuff. It's heartbreaking to watch your son living a life that you worked so hard for him to not live.


I get it, it's heartbreaking. You have some hard choices to make. So a, you gotta grieve it. You had this picture of how it was all gonna work out. He was gonna marry someone who's amazing. Y'all are gonna be close, is gonna, that picture is not reality right now. Number two, you, I say this with all due respect. Your best bet is to become someone who is likable. And what I mean by that is if every time you're with him, you're lecturing him. If every time you call him or talk to him, he knows you hate his girlfriend and you wanna make sure he, nobody wants to be around that person. If he knows, yeah, I know where my mom stands on these issues, we don't share values but my mom loves me and I feel whew after being around my mom, then you've got a better chance at influencing.


And that's not being likable doesn't mean I'm going to sign up for everything he's interested in. I'm not gonna like say oh sure to any all of his crazy ideas, but he knows I love him and I'm not gonna lecture him every time I'm gonna hug him. Right? So that's number two. Number three, here's a hard thing man. If you don't want to give him your money, don't give him your money. If he is living a life and it is expressing his life with values you don't agree with, then don't give him your money. Don't not give him his money. Be 'cause you hate his girlfriend. Right? That's a weird, I guess he, his girlfriend is gonna spend it doing dumb things and I get that. But I think victorious is worth having a conversation.


And if I'm a parent is I would start it. I have divided us up over issues and I'm sorry, you know how I feel about moving with your girlfriend. You know how I feel about leasing cars. You know that you're My son and I love you to the end of time. I've got some, I've got some pretty hard and fast rules around my money and I'm making my will before I just leave it all to you. You gotta know I can't, I can't. I feel like I'm enabling these behavior if I give you this money, you gotta have that hard conversation. Don't leave it to the executive of your will to have the hard conversation for you. That conversation's gonna be had, Break it to him 30 years from now. Hey by the way, you got Nothing son. You get nothing 'cause you moved in with your girlfriend, you're 21. Like don't do that. Have the hard, have the courage to have the hard conversation.


You're the parent. But I, this is about influence now. This is about love and connection. It's not about I'm gonna tell him 'cause he's 21, he's out. He's no longer living by your rules and in your home. And that's so hard for a parent, George, you and I both have young kids. I can't imagine that. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's tough. And the other thing is, I hope this is a season. I mean he's 21, you know at 18 when you're dating a girl, it's very different than at 25 or 35 when you're prefrontal cortex is fully developed. Yeah. You know what I Knew at 21? I knew everything. I knew everything. And there's that old that great all, all screw it up. That old great Mark Twain quote when my dad was 14, he was the dumbest man who ever lived.


And when I talked to him again when I was 21, I was stunned how much my dad had learned at seven years. Right? Like, like that's true At 21 year moron. So here's the thing, the chances of this relationship not working out strong to quite strong. And if you have burned the bridge, he knows you are not a safe place for him to come home to. Not that you're gonna agree with everything, you're not a safe place for him to come home to. He won't. He'll go somewhere else. He'll go into the arms of some other goofball or he'll run to a house full of knucklehead of men that you know, whatever. Let him know. Like come hell or high water, you're My son and I love you always. And you can always come home. She can't come with you. I don't like her. You can always come. I'm reminded of the prodigal son. I can't help but think about that parable. Yeah. And there was no caveats where he went, well if you lease a car and you're not coming back here son, don't even think about it.


There'll be no feast for you. I'll meet you in the street. 'cause I'm so excited to See you. Exactly. Yeah. And so I, obviously the analogy breaks down pretty quickly here. Yeah. But I still think there's an element of that. Just open-handed love and connection. Don't make it about the financial matters. Make it about the love and the relationship. 'cause if you make it transactional and go, well you're only gonna get this in the will if you don't lease a car. Relationship's over. Right? If I sign Up for that 'cause you have made it transactional, you'll exert my power over you even after I'm dead. Well then cool, keep your money. I'm gonna move On with my life. And if I sign a piece of paper that says I get X, Y, Z when you pass away, well our relationship is largely over. Yeah. That's what it's based on. If It is, I'm your mom till the end of time and hey, I can't, you know me well enough, I can't put money in that account.


If that's how you're choosing to live, you know that. I know that. And that's a different conversation there. Thanks for the question. Yeah. Alright. Tough stuff. Let's get to a call here from Chris down the road in Nashville. What's going on Chris? So my question is, can I retire? And my net worth just exceeded 4 million. So I've got 826,000 and pay for property. The rest of this is mutual funds. I got 995,000 in Roth, 1.6 million in pre-tax and six hundred 10,000 just in regular investment. You know, mutual funds that's outside of retirement. You've Been busting your butt for a long time, brother.


You're what we call Rich. I've been at this, I've been working at this company for going on 38 years. Wow. And how old are you? Well, I, I'm 61. Okay. So you can access, George is not Even 38 years old Chris. Yeah, that's pretty wild. Before I was born man, you were working hard. I Started here when I was 24 in 1987. I'm proud of you. So the, your question is, can I retire at 61? Sounds like you're ready to Yeah, I've been here a long time. Yeah. What's next? The The question is what are you retiring to? I know, I don't know that Are you single? No, I'm married. My wife is 54. She, she works full-time. What's she have to say about this?


She Wants me to retire. She, she wants me to. I mean, it sounds like she could retire along with you if she wanted to. You guys got a big pile of cash. Well, you gotta have insurance. Well, here's the deal. If you just crunch the numbers, get Her Insurance on paper, we could go, all right, we could cover, we we're self-insured. Yes. It's gonna add a monthly expense. Here's what healthcare will be. What does the next 30 years look like? Our retirement are these, these investment accounts they've been producing on average, you know, 8% a year, 9%, 10% a year. Here's what that means. If we retired, we could pull this much to cover our expenses. Have you crunched all those numbers? Yeah. Yeah. and I mean I think I can do it, but you know, it's just hard to pull that trigger.


'cause you know, I would stop all my investments and, you know, start pulling money instead of putting money in. Here's the, here's the hard, here's way harder than that. What, what do you do for a living? I'm an IT guy. Okay. That's the problem Chris. You're wealthy beyond most people's imagination. You're a multi multimillionaire with the paid off house. So you've captured the risk side of this equation. Okay. Your identity has been, I'm an IT guy at this place for four decades. Yes Sir. George's question to you is really important. Who are you gonna be the Monday after you retire? That's the question you need to ask. And that's a question you and your wife need to do together.


But it's an identity question. Who am I gonna become? and I would really recommend you not quit to do nothing. Quit to go do a new thing. Right? I'm gonna go work at Chick-fil-A I'm gonna go do a thing even for six months while I get my feet under me. But you gotta have something you get up and go to every day and not just do nothing, but it's about identity. You got the money brother. Yeah. Financially you got my green light. But we just gotta figure out the rest. But man, that's a big step. You've done really well and I'm proud of you man. This is The Ramsey Show.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But FAIRWINDS, Credit Union is different. Guys, you know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on fairwinds.org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans. Go to fairwinds.org/ Ramsey to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. John, I'm on social media a lot. I know you're less so, but I like to watch all the funny videos that people send me that I come across. And one of them makes fun of us and I like a good razz. One of them, all of them make fun of us. A lot Of them make fun. and don don't know why the algorithm says show this guy Ramsey show spoofs and gags. But I like it. I think, I think the social media algorithm knows who is the most insecure. Oh so they show him to Ken Coleman you. Oh, that was me. Alright. Didn't I didn't pick up where you're putting down there. There we go. Well one of these videos is from one of my favorite online comedian content creator guys.


And his name is Trey Kennedy. Have you heard of him? I have. He's hilarious. He did a video spoofing Dave sitting in this seat. and I want to show it to you. Let's do it. All right, here we go. America I. got Trey from Edmond, Oklahoma. how are you doing? Trey? Hi Mr. Ramsey, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? so I am kind of debating dropping outta college. Good god, Trey. Well I gotta hear the story about how you befriended a few lepers. 'cause apparently you found a pot of gold dropping out to do what? To be a content creator, social media influencer. I don Dunno if you've seen My Vines Dads be like, is kind of going viral. Dads, you know what dads be like, Trey dads be like providing for their family dads be like saving and investing debt free.


Don don't know. Maybe I could try to like to do a comedy tour. You know what, you are funny. You should be because that's hilarious. Everyone in the studio laugh, Adam. Brilliant, brilliant work. And lucky enough, man That felt, that felt really close to home. Yeah, It was a little too real. And I'm glad Dave's not in the seat. He may have taken offense, but I think he would've had a good laugh. and I think Dave likes it because we've got Trey coming on the live like no one else cruise to do comedy. Excellent. And I think he's on the line if we've got him. Trey, are you with us? Yes. What are You doing? Gosh, this is amazing. Good, Good to be here. Thanks guys. How we doing?


We're doing great. Good to have you. Do you have any financial questions for us? Sell the truck trade. No, sell the truck trade. I Mastered it as a comedian. I obviously was very financially driven to do this because that's always a good idea. Yeah. so What did your parents think when you were getting into comedy? Like was it, Hey, you're gonna go to college and get a real job? Or were they cool with you exploring this? Well, you know, I I I come from a great family and I and a man who really taught me finances and I got a finance degree, so it was like, it was ingrained in me. So the whole time I was never threatening to drop outta college or anything. I was doing the videos and finishing my degree.


So they, they were, they were, they were fine with it. Wow. As long as I was doing that. Yeah. And I'm glad you're using your finance degree to join us to do comedy on the live. Like no one else cruise. Yeah, I That's perfect. Lemme be clear. My finest degree, I. got it. But I, I don't, I don't know how well I got it. So Tre a better fit for me, Trey, from the outside. Be honest with us. We kinda make it pretty easy, don't we? Yeah, I was, you know, it's funny, I was, we, you know, you try everything as comedian and I was like, you know, every all my friends, everyone I know they know you guys. I have so many friends who's gone through all y'all's curriculum and I was like, let's, let's spoof, spoof, Ramsey and yeah, And, we make it so I feel like we tee the ball up for you A little bit.


A little bit. But hey, I'm, I'm with it. Okay. I'm a frugal guy, so Yeah. Did you kind of grow up Ramsey? Like did you know, did you go through financial peace? What was your first sort of interaction with this Ramsey fella? I don, my dad is like the ultra conservative frugal guy. So he's, he's so frugal. He would, him and Ramsey would be buddies. He's like, I already know the Ramsey Stuff. Like, he got the book like used from Goodwill, like from the library. He's like, I'm not gonna pay for it. Sure, Sure. That's incredible. So he in me and I've had a bunch of friends go through it and you know, especially where I come from Oklahoma Church. I mean, you guys, you guys dominate, you got people with envelopes everywhere.


I went to lunch once with a, with a buddy and he pulled like a PBJ out his pocket and I was like, this is going too far. Not even in a baggy Too far. Yeah, right. Oh, Be funny. Hey, hey Trey. On, on behalf of everybody, I just wanna say in a moment when I think the debate ended the other night with, if you vote this way, the world ends. If you vote this way, the world super ends. Can I just say thank you on behalf of humanity for bringing joy and laughter into like, just, just bringing some sort of joy to our world in a, in a Ds and I and I. Don't wanna get all existential, but thank you. Like, on behalf of a guy who's just two little kids, like thank you for bringing laughter into the world.


We need it, man. Thanks man. That's really nice. Yeah, I mean, if, if something's big's happening, it's just, you know, I I thank you for saying nice words, but to me I like the BA debate for me is not about the future of the country. It's just like, yes, I can make some content perfect. You know, it's like very self show. That's all that's at stake here. Just like, all right, how good is this Instagram reel gonna do? Yeah, That's incredible. There it is. I'm grateful, man.


Well, You just wrapped your, your grow up tour and you filmed a standup special in Salt Lake City back in April. What can we expect from you on the live? Like no one else cruise packed with Ramsey fans, Man, I'm so excited. You know what, comedians everywhere know when you get booked for a gig, you know, nine times outta 10, you're, you're like, you just gotta go do what you gotta do. But I am pumped to come hang with y'all and get on the cruise. So Were you surprised? You're like, wait, I, I made fun of them like seven times they want me to. Okay. All right. Yeah, you know, it's funny, I've been making all these Travis and Taylor bits and stuff, you know, with Ramsey, you know, you, you wonder like, will Ramsey Dave even see this? And then if so will, he's either gonna love me or hate me and Oh no, you can hear him laughing from his, his office up upstairs. Good, good. And By the way, we'll have you, many people will be drinking the Kool-Aid on this cruise, but we've got a special Kool-Aid IV drip for those of us in the green room. So we'll get you hooked up. Nah, okay, perfect, perfect. That's amazing. But yeah, I wrap the tours. so I am I'm about to have a kid here, so I'm off the road for a couple months and then whoa. Another I'm gonna to get back on the road and yeah, two under two. So well Our gift, we're gonna send you Ramsey plus for one, we're gonna send you FPU. Good, good. But so yeah, if you, if you've been seeing me this past year and you come on a cruise, you know it's gonna be all new material, all new fun stuff. I'm sure I'll have something up my sleeve. You know, specific to the Ramsey Crowd. Yes, please, please make fun of them. They are just yeah, dying for it. All the rice and bean jokes, all the frugality, all the Dave cars and make fun of Dave especially, and we'll make sure he's in the room for it. Absolutely. Hey man, we wish you the best. Congratulations. Hope everything goes well with your new kid. And thank you for bringing some light and levity into a world that desperately needs it. Man. We're grateful. Can't wait to hang out this, this spring. Thank you. Really grateful for, for the honor of doing the cruise. so I can't wait. You bet. We are pumped. All right. Trey Kennedy, go follow him. Join the 3 million on Instagram, who have chosen to do so. Trey Kennedy live like no one else cruise. He'll be doing comedy with some other comedians as well. March 22nd through, through the 29th. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise is the place to go. We've got some cabins left before it sells out.


Alright John, I gotta make, this is my contractually obligated announcement that this hour we've got some hot calls coming up. You excited about it? Hot calls. Well the board is filled up. We got Nicholas, we got Jasper, we got Dan, San Antonio, Charlotte, Alberta and I. Gotta know before we jump on here, what's the over under that we get a call about a horse? Well, we've got a call from Texas and a call from Canada. so I think the over under is strong. Quite strong possibility. Pretty high. Pretty high. Yeah. All right. Those are two horsey regions. That's not a Yeah, not a word. Wasn't good. Not a word at all, but we'll get there. That wasn't good. Well, don, don't know if we have time for one more call.


Do we? He is a little tight producer James. Producer James says too tight. Okay, let's get to a social question. John, do you have those with you? I got one here. This one's from Ian on Twitter. Keen recently sold my house, we don't know. Recently sold my house, I got a new home under construction. Do I take the profit from the recent sale, paid down my construction loan with a very low interest rate? Or do I take that cash and invest it into the market? You know, when people sell a house, they feel like they just won the lottery and they forget that that money should be used to put into the next home. It's Like people who total a car and they get a check and they think they won something. Yeah. Like, no, you have to go get another car. Yes, you need a car. Yes. And you don't need a much nicer car with a bigger loan.


Right. So absolutely keen, if you will, I would take the profit from the sale and pay down your mortgage. The construction loan. That's the goal. The goal is to become totally debt-free mortgage and everything. It's Not owe anybody anything. That's It. Yeah. So you, we will do our investing separately. Let's not try to combine the two and take home money and put it into the market that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Thank you to Dr. John Delony, thanks to Trey Kennedy for joining us at the end of that hour. That was fun. And to all the folks in the booth keeping the show afloat. We'll be back with you before you know it. America This is The Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals, only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus, you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


From Ramsey Network This is The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by bestselling author, Dr. John Delony. Give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five and we'll help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Nicholas is gonna kick us off in the great city of San Antonio, Texas. What is going on. Nicholas. Hey guys, how are you doing? Doing Well. Cool. Cool. How can we help? I had a question about a horse. Oh no. Yeah, There's no way really. Please tell me you're joking. No, no I don't. Oh man, I was about to earn a hundred bucks, George.


Bet me off air. That was gonna be awesome. Next caller, please. No, my real question is about try trying to get into a house. My wife and I make about 57,000 a year household income. So pretty small income for the two of us. But we, we need to move somewhere. We, we, we have to get close to healthcare so we can get another AB on the way. We have about 28,000 in debt. That's about 18,000 for a car loan and 10,000 for student loans. And I, my wife has great credit because she's been paying her student loans for a while. I have no credit. I've never had any debt, never had any utility bills in my name.


so I, I've got no credit at all. And we're trying to figure out how can we afford a a, a new place to live with our current situation and how do we get to where we need to go, you know, with, with some speed. What's the issue with renting? Well, don don't know that we could, I, I don't know what we would get with, with how much I can afford to put in each month. We were, we were looking more towards, you know, putting that money toward equity than, than towards, well Here's the deal.


If you can't afford rent, you definitely can't afford to be a homeowner. And so that's the worry here is it's not apples to apples. If you go, well, we could get a mortgage for $1,500 and live in a shack that needs to be renovated versus rent, rent is the most you'll pay. And that mortgage is just the beginning when you factor in maintenance repairs, HOA, the PMI, all the things that you might encounter. Yeah. so I would tell you right now, you're not in a place to buy a home. I want to get you in a place to buy a home. And what that looks like is knocking out the 28,000 in debt, getting our income up, getting an emergency fund, and then saving up a down payment and stepping into home ownership. So how long would that take? That's, I, I don't know.


Currently we're on track to pay off our debts, but only at the, the minimum payments. But we can, we can step it up. I mean, minimum payments. You're talking a 20 year payoff plan. I'm talking like a two year payoff plan. What would it take to pay off $28,000 in less than two years? We could, we could do it. We, if we, if we keep saving the way we do. And How much are you saving a month? Well, right now we have, we have a poor sampling. We're going through a house, house claim, And, we paying for repairs or a house that we're living in now.


So, so Cash flowing Repairs? Not of, I'm sorry. Are You cash flowing? The repairs? I'm not sure what that means. I'm sorry. Are You, are you paying cash for this or are you going into debt for the repairs? We We're paying cash. Okay, Good. So my thing is making 57, it's gonna be hard to pay off 28. And so that's where I think we need to get the income up. What are you two doing for work? I I work in insurance. My wife stays at home. We have a baby. Okay, so it's just your income? Yeah, just mine. Okay. So what does it look like to get your income up in the insurance world if you choose to stay there? I, I'm on track for that.


I'm on my way to some promotions. I finishing training in the next few months that will hopefully bring with it some more pay. don don't know how much I I, in order for me to, to make something substantially more, I I would, I would just need a few more years at my job. But I have no clear timeline as to when that might happen. Can you do extra jobs on the side when you're not doing insurance? Oh gosh, I, I don't see how it's, it's, it's a pretty, it's a pretty demanding job. How many hours are you working? Well, it's not just the full, it's not the hours of job, it's the hours spent doing training and, and learning on the side.


So it's already quite a bit invested other than the job. It's itself. Okay. It's, yeah. Well Here's, here's the spark notes of the call here. You're asking about improving credit, buying a house. I would not worry about improving your credit right now. I would worry about getting rid of this debt and getting a foundation with an emergency fund. That is the best thing you can do. And the credit score is not a great scoreboard for how we're doing financially. 'cause you can have a great credit score and still be in a place where you'll be a broke homeowner. And I'd rather see you step into this next chapter as a homeowner making good money. And if she wants to stay at home, that's great, but we need to figure out how to get all the things we want in a way that doesn't destroy our life. The the tricky part for us though is that we can't have another baby until we move And.


we really want another, another baby. I know, but Nicholas, here's what you're not hearing. You don't have a home problem. You have a math problem. You get what I'm saying? You don't make enough money. That's me being a jerk. They're saying it that way, but you don't make enough money. And George and I would not love you as a just a, just a, just a fellow dad. We're both dads. If we said, Hey, the best thing for your family is for y'all to artificially inflate your value to a bank, which is all a a all a credit score is, did you know if I gave you $10 million in cash right now, your credit score would still be zero.


Has nothing to do with how much money you have. It has to do with how well you've been a boyfriend to debt. That's it. And so what I'm, what George is telling you, what I'm telling you is your house needs to have more money. Which means if we really want to be a one income family, you my brother have to say, I gotta make more money somehow. If y'all really wanna have a house so you can have a second kid, then your wife's gonna have to say, okay, I need to be a part of bringing in extra dollars and cents. And, we have this dream of being a homeowner and being a stay-at-home Mom. Okay, cool. Then the, then the lion's share, the bulk or all of the money earning comes from you. But there's a math problem here.


And just because there's all these different exit routes into all of these awful traps that George writes about in his book, it, it doesn't mean that it's safe or it's smart or it's wise. And brother, listen to me. I've been in a home with a toddler and another baby on the way that I can't afford. 'cause I owed a hundred grand of student loans. And I'm telling you right now, I was a nightmare. I couldn't breathe, dude. and I became an anxious mess. And so when we sold our house And, we moved into a tiny, tiny, tiny little dorm apartment. I actually had more pe I was a better dad there. Okay? And so I get, I get how you feel trapped, but it's a math problem that I want you and your wife to tackle.


It's not a credit problem. It's not a finding the right bank problem. It's not, it's a math problem dude. And it's a math plus values problem. Actually wanna be a stay at home mom. Wanna have more than one kid wanna have every kid have his own room? Cool. Then we gotta make that much money. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. I, it, I was, I was crunching some numbers and even with the math that I was doing, we would have, the only thing that could've tried to pay for were the mortgage was the absolute cheapest house you could find. That's, That's which is gonna be a nightmare house that you're gonna have to sell. 'cause you're gonna, we can't afford the a hundred thousand repairs that this thing needs to make it livable. Don't do it man. Don't do it. It's gonna be a vortex of pain my friend.


Please don't do this. This is The Ramsey Show.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant online quotes.


Listen tickets for the live like no one else, cruiser selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation and I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


This is The Ramsey Show. It's a show where we talk about you, to you about your life and your money. Give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm George Kamel, joined by Dr. John Delony. And next up we've got Kim in Chicago. What's happening Kim? Hi there. I am married and before we got married I knew my husband had some student loans and then after we got married I found out about some credit card debt he had as well. and I listened to the show occasionally and I offered to pay off his debt. Like I know I married him and his debt and it's my debt. I offered to pay that off for him. He declined and I just saying like, he would feel guilty if he, if I did that and he would feel like he owed me the money.


But if he just pays like the minimum payment towards it and he doesn't have that guilty feeling of owing like the credit card companies and in general, like he's the spender and I'm the saver. And so like he pays the minimum payments and then spends the rest. So my question two parts is like, any tips on how to talk to him about that? 'cause like we, it doesn't like really end well when we try to talk about it. And then also like, okay, assuming like his habits don't change and like I love him and I'm not trying to change him. Like what can my strategy be with, with my income and my savings separate from that.


I, first of all, like I think ego has destroyed more marriages and more business relationships. It's just so stupid and so I, I on behalf of all of us, I'm sorry that your husband's precious little ego and it's gonna make me feel bad. Is is more important that he nurture and care for than your marriage. I'm sorry. Here's the deal that's gonna show up everywhere. It's not just gonna be in your finances. And so I think, I think the credit card thing is a, is a proxy war right now for, 'cause it's gonna come up with how many kids and the size of your house and I wanna buy.


I gotta get this new car 'cause I don't wanna be the guy in the in because you'll make me feel bad. And so it's just gonna be ego, ego, ego, ego. I think the conversation you'll have to have is, are you going to put our marriage ahead of your ego? Because if you're not, then you're gonna, you are right in already looking down the road and being like, I'm gonna have to do some things to protect myself because this is gonna go south. I think you're right to do that. And what you're talking about early on is it was, we call it financial infidelity, but was he hiding money from you or hiding debt? Just like I, I had seen his credit score and I had, I knew he had student loans and the amount on that, but yeah, after when we applied for our home loan, I became like seeing his credit report like next to mine.


I was like, wait, what's this? And then it came out. What was it was, what did he buy? He said it was over like, you know, years like traveling or things. He, he is a spender. Like he just has, he buys stuff. Did did he spend any of this money while you were married? No. This, I mean, I found out about five months after we were married. So he has not gone. So he was any further into credit card debt since you've been married. Can you tell me that with full certainty? I do, I do not know that with full certainty. I know that I, I know his current amount of debt is, is 21,000 I believe. And that's less than it was last summer when I saw it Was like 30.


And his grand plan for is to make minimum payments and spend the rest That makes him feel better. Like, man, I I wish I hadn't have done this for so long. Y'all are headed in in like, y'all need to cut this off at the past. You guys are in different worlds with your financial values and where you want to go. He doesn't want to go anywhere and he's in a tiny prison that he's created and you are willing to post bail. And he's saying, no, I'm gonna do my time in here. I did what I did, I should do the time. And you're giving him a get outta jail free card as his wife. It's Not saying no thank you. But even that it's say, Hey, I wanna build something new together and this thing's holding us back.


Can I I I'm holding these, I'm holding these bolt cutters. Can I just cut this chain? And he's like, well that would make me feel bad 'cause I have muscles and so I'd rather just be attached to this chain. Where else, where else does this ego show up in your marriage? I don don't know. I mean, we have a pretty good marriage I think. Okay, this is one of the, but, But here I didn't really prepare for that. Well here's the big red flag. You are already preparing to create your own world inside of your marriage. And this is how it happens. It happens with, she's always so mean to me. I'm just gonna come home about 30 or 45 minutes later.


don don't know how to ha I don. Every time I'm around our b our newborn, I I'm just, it's a failure factory. I'm gonna go do, I'm gonna go stay at work. It's when co it's when people inside of a marriage start creating their own little mini universes that you end up just by degrees a thousand miles apart from each other. And so the fact that you're asking this question, that's, that's why a, I just have a personal, I cannot stand male egos that would rather blow up a marriage than just say, I'm sorry I screwed this up. Thank you for being a person who's responsible for let's move on. I hate that with all my guts 'cause it's so stupid, so sick of egos.


Okay, so that's my bias, that's my drama I'm bringing to this call. Okay. Not, not on you, but the bigger picture is I'm hearing you love this guy. Wanna solve this guy? Just be, you're just like a practical problem solver and you're already starting to create, okay, what kind of spaceship do I need to build inside of this, of this bigger ship so that I can stay safe. and I want you to hear me say that's a big red flag. The bigger conversation is, hey, we've gotten off on the wrong foot. We've been married for a few months, we have a great marriage. We love each other. We we're great friends, right? But already I feel it's starting to separate. We gotta be on the same page when it comes to money. We gotta be on the same page about telling the truth to each other. Can we recommit? I'm in, if you're in, do you get what I'm saying there?


And that is a different conversation than, than the proxy war, which is, hey, I'll just pay the minimums, but I wanna pay it off. That ends up being a, a look, look over here, look over here to the actual issue, which is my ego is more like massaging my ego is more important than us getting on the same page. Do you get that? Yeah. Okay. And so I, I I think it comes down with you sitting down and having a direct hard conversation but using the word I to lead that conversation, which is I don't feel like we've gotten off on the right foot. I feel like we're already building two separate worlds in the same house. and I don't wanna do that. I love you too much. We get along too.


Well. Our our friendship is too strong for this. Can we control alt delete? Who do you mean? Dude, you brought in credit cards to this marriage I didn't even know about and then you won't even let me take care of it. 'cause you wanna have my money and your money. I wanna have our money 'cause I wanna have our kids. I wanna have our house. I wanna have our marriage and so let's just control it, delete it. Can we just, can we put that to bed? And if he won't have that conversation, you don't need to go have a go see a marriage counselor. 'cause you're, I I just, you're just setting the stage for a, a long-term challenge here. Yeah, and that's, I mean, yeah, I've tried to have that conversation, but yeah, it just ended with like, well it's my money so I'll, like I saved it.


so I spent it on something else. You know, like I kind of said, How long is this gonna be my money and my problem? When is it gonna be we an our, yeah, hey, this is our money. We pay the bills together, we set goals together, we build wealth together. It's our home, it's our life, it's our kids. You see what I'm saying?


Would he go through Financial Peace University if we sent it to you? Would he actually watch all nine lessons with you? Have the hard conversations and not just cower down and go, Ooh, it's making me feel bad. Maybe You think he would do it. Okay. I I I have hope he Would. We're gonna send it to you. That to me is it's, this is the Hail Mary of like, if he'll, if he's willing to watch this, I think we can do the convincing. And Dave is a great salesman to get you fired up about your own mistakes and go, Hey, let's move forward from this. But let's not make minimum payments and pay 22% a PR on our mistake and never pay this off and never make progress. 'cause that's gonna drag you down too. And you're a part of this marriage last time I checked. So hang on the line Kim, we're gonna send you financial peace University watch all nine lessons, have the hard conversation, get on a plan together and maybe you can pull him out of this Meyer that he's created for himself.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, it's Rachel Cruz. and I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here with all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. You know, John, for several years here at Ramsey, I've been trying to uncover and expose a lot of the money traps that are out there. We did a podcast called Borrowed Future that we then turned into a documentary Uncovering the Student Loan Crisis. I did a podcast called The Fine Print where I exposed all kinds of money traps out there. And so anytime we get a big one, I feel like we need to let the people know out there what's going on, what they need to know, and of course to stay away from this because I don't want them to be the next victim. And so we were made aware of this one, and ProPublica just broke this story, and it's about this company called Exeter Finance.


They're one of the largest auto lenders in the nation, and they specialize in high interest loans to people with histories of not paying bills or defaulting on debt. So this is subprime Lending. Subprime lending, their company is designed to overcharge people who struggle with, with being able to pay their bills. And they wrap it up in this bow, we're Here to help you. Yeah, we're life wrap. The Other banks don't love you as much as we do. Right? And the other banks are saying, Hey, hey, hey, hey, you guys can't afford this. You need to find other alternatives. And they're like, no, no, no, we'll take you, we'll take your business. Yeah. And we're gonna, we're gonna bleed you dry. And there's a lot of scummy companies, lenders out there.


This one might take the cake. Yeah, they might take scum of the year for what they're doing to people here. And we're gonna get into some of the details. But this company has more than 500,000 active loans and they have a partnership agreement with CarMax, which is the country's largest used car retailer. And they, they act like they're the, the provider of second chances. It literally on their website it says, we're here to help, except their practices often do the opposite. ProPublica says, when the company allows a borrower to skip payments, so they go, Hey, I can't make the payment. They go, oh, we'll give you an extension. Go ahead and just skip that one. And they go, Oh my gosh. Really? Thank you. That's what's happening. Well, what happens is it typically adds thousands of dollars and new interest charges to the customer's debt.


And dozens of customers told ProPublica that Exeter did not tell them about the added costs. Hmm. So they'll say, absolutely. Here's an extension. Skip the payment end sentence. They don't say, and by the way, this is gonna add $2,400 as a balloon payment at the end of the loan. I think that's the biggest catch, is the, as I read through this, it's not even, Hey, you know what? My mom's got cancer. I got a kid who's very, very sick. Hey, do do do do do. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. And there are, there are companies that will do that, right? That will say, we're gonna put, we're gonna note this. We're gonna add two months to the back end of your loan. So you said, we said it was gonna be done in May of 2027. You know, it's gonna be May done in July of 2027.


We understand, right? That does happen. And they say, no, no, that's super cool. We're just gonna charge you thousands of dollars in interest, in fees for that. And by the way, you're gonna owe us as your last payment. And that's where this thing got really gross to me, is you, you make your payment. They think you're a hero. You just saved my life. Thank God I can get my kid the medicine they need. I can, I can go see my mom in the hospital, thank you. And then you get all the way you pay, make the payment, make the payment, make the payment for the next two years, three years, and then your very last payment. Hey, you owe us $6,000. You remember that time four years ago that, that you had a crisis. You owe us 2,700. And guess what, What happens when you're already broke and financially destitute? You can't pay, which means they repo the car.


So They win. And that's the whole setup, which is why this is gross, is, hey, we're gonna charge somebody who we know Can't make the Payment, can't make the payment. We're gonna be graceful the whole way, and you're gonna keep paying in payment. So you're gonna pay us two or three or four times the value of The car. By the way, it's already a loan at 25% interest in a lot of these cases, right? And, We gonna take the car at the end so we don't even have to have a great loan because we're gonna get the car and then we're gonna resell it at our, we're here to help lot. Right? Oh, it's Disgusting. I I it, it, it's, it's just preying on hurting people. And it, it, it's, it breaks my heart is what it does. It's just that I can't, I can't fathom that this is how the people in the world Operate. Yeah. And I'm glad there's folks like ProPublica out there trying to expose this filth.


So they try to make their final payment. They're faced with this huge surprise bill. They often can't afford to pay Exeter. Then repos the car sends the bill to a debt collector. And in some cases the company makes more money on loans that default than on ones in which borrowers pay on time. Is That because they sell the car at the end, They're making money everywhere from the person with the fees from the repo. And at first blush, their portfolio looks dire. Majority of its loans, more than 200,000 of them are at least three payments behind. Schedule a degree of delinquency that is roughly twice that of any other subprime lender in the data. That's crazy. Many companies would be preparing to count those loans as losses, send 'em to a collection agency and repo the cars. But Exeter has turned what would've otherwise been a financial crisis into a profit center.


The article says, each time the company grants an extension, it resets the clock and reclassifies the loan as being quote on schedule. And ProPublica found that they've done this as many as 12 times over the course of a 72 month loan. So borrowers continue to make payments and hope in hopes of catching up. And the records show that many customers paid the equivalent of the full loan or more only to see their cars repoed. So they took out a $15,000 loan, they had paid 15,000 and it's still the car's taken away. Oh. And even better, a collection company then comes back after you for the repo payment. Like for, I mean, after the repo payment for the balloon payment, Keeping you in a cycle. So You're, you're in forever just poverty for e fraternity. Yeah. And they've, this company, ex Exiters always specialized in the subprime market.


But in the late 2010s, the company specifically decided we're gonna go after customers with really poor credit more aggressively than we have in the past. So it accepted borrowers with even lower credit scores. This is reminding me of the subprime housing crisis, John. They lent them way more money, as much as 50 grand per loan and gave them longer to repay it. And some agreed to schedule stretching longer than six years, making the loans more costly. So let me just say, these people did sign on the dotted line. Yes. They were desperate. Yes, they deserve better. They didn't deserve to be preyed upon, but they knew, hey, all right, I'll take on this seven year loan at 25% interest. And here's an example. There was a, a disabled veteran Don who was living in Louisiana and 2015 Exeter lent him 15,600 bucks to buy a 7-year-old GMC Envoy.


Over the next seven years, the company granted him 12 extensions by phone. And each time the agent assured him he was current. Well, in September of 2022, this is seven years later, he had paid Exeter $29,000. Remember they lent him 15 six, he had paid 29,819 more than his loan contract outlined. And the company told him he still owed more than 9,000 on top of that. And so when he couldn't pay in a balloon payment, they repo the envoy after he can't make the balloon payment. And now the collections company's pursuing him for the 5,800 bucks he still owes, man. Oh my goodness. I I can't wrap my brain around this. And John, they've got a calculator on this article that I believe everyone should go check out.


Hold, I was playing around with it. Why hold, I wanna make sure we cut. We, we say this, this show I think is we have beaten the drum from day one about personal responsibility. You gotta take ownership, right? And the one thing that I have always applauded this, all of us behind closed doors on the show is we do also understand, which is why the show exists. There are people that don't know, right? I would, I, I spent 20 years working in, in universities, there were students that I met, thousands and thousands of them. They did not understand there was even an option of not going to school with student loans. 'cause it's what their guidance counselors, their parents, their grandparents, their friends, their church member.


Like that's the ecosystem they lived in. So they signed the dotted line. And so I do want to highlight, yes, people have personal responsibility and there is an entire swath of this country that does not know you can get a car without a loan like that has never even entered into their, into their mind. And that's what the show's about, right? It's to tell people there's other ways to do this. And so there is personal responsibility and there is just flat out predators, right? That go looking for people who don't understand or are in a pinch, have sick kids who have just lost their job and they go, yeah, yeah, yeah, we'll help you come, come, come here, come behind the building, we'll help you. And no one else is willing to. We stepped in. That's right. And, we will destroy your life.


We o over depreciating asset. Right? And here's what this really is. This is car loan deferment. When we're talking about extensions, it's the same exact thing. There is no difference between a deferment and an extension. You're just pushing one or more loan payments to a later date. And so the reason here, this is working this way, John, most car loans use a daily simple interest calculation. So you make a car payment once per month and you owe a little bit of that per interest. And over time, more of it goes toward the principle versus the interest. Well, in these situations they were basically making interest only payments and they were not touching the principle, which means their loan balance was not moving at all. And they had no idea because the agents weren't clear. The customer service reps were incentivized to get 'em off the phone quick, don't give 'em all the information.


And so you guys go check out this full article. It, it was eyeopening to read, it was heartbreaking. and I believe everyone should go read it. So we're gonna link this ProPublica article in the show notes, in the description, wherever you're watching, they've got a calculator on that site to see just how bad these fees can be. and I, I pray that anyone you know stays away from this. This is the new payday lender and this could happen to your cousin who just walked over to the CarMax next door. So share this, spread the word. And let's take these scummy companies down. This is The Ramsey Show.


Here at Ramsey we talk a lot about building wealth. And a big part of protecting your wealth is insurance. Having the right insurance is key to taking care of the things and people that are most important to you. When you work with our Ramsey trusted insurance pros and partners, you'll have the peace of mind knowing you're not paying for gimmicks, you're only paying for what you need. Get connected with a Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash coverage.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by my good friend, Dr. John Delony. Give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five. And. we will be about the business of helping you out with your life and your money. All right, John, let's get to the phones. Dan joins us up next in Alberta, Canada. Dan, how can we help today? Hey Thanks for taking my call. Sure. My question is, how would you recommend preparing for a large salary increase in two years and should we change our debt strategy? Now with this in mind, we've about 120,000 in debt with a combined income of two 50. We're making progress on the debt once we made a plan and started tackling it together.


Though we do know there is more of wiggle wiggle room, but my wife, she's gonna finish residency in about two years. That's where most of the debt came from. And. we can expect her income to go up dramatically afterwards. We also have our first baby coming soon, so that's causing extra stress 'cause we know we won't have much family support with childcare. And, we go back and forth about balancing, you know, intensity versus comfort with our current plan. I'm also kind of considering a career change but would revolve involve a pay cut. So I'm thinking it's better just tough it out for the next two years. And, we just aren't sure what is best in this situation and would appreciate your advice. Wow, okay. We got a lot going on all at once. Don't we Can I, I, I live out on some acreage outside of Nashville, Tennessee and I've got chickens and actually we just got rid of our last chickens.


There was a hawk that took most of the anyway, but the number of times that I had 10 chickens and I went out to get 10 eggs and there was only six was every single day. And I got a ringside seat to that old, don't count your chickens before they hatch. And it's real easy to be at home and to say, Hey, when this happens in two years and I, just imagine the number of people in 2018 that were making plans for in two years and the number of people who are making plans in 2021 for in two years. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah.


I would stay as steady as a drumbeat, as a metronome and just keep doing what you're doing and if it all works out exactly the way y'all want it, amazing. That'd be so great. And you'll be able to just take this extra income and just start mowing down what you got left. But the alternative is there's a big swing in X, Y, and Z. The Canadian government hasn't been super, super stable in the last few years. Right. So who know, who knows, two years from now, I just would hate for y'all to make some plan based on some future salary. That may or may not happen. It probably will. It probably will. She's gonna med school, right?


She's finishing up med school. Yeah. Two years and then so she's, she's a surgeon, so Exactly. Yeah. So we think, we think so likely feel very likely. But also it wouldn't surprise me if there was some sort of legislation passed to cap the ob, like the insane salaries of medical professionals in Canada. That wouldn't surprise me one bit. And let's, let's do it at the average of the average working class 'cause we're all the same. And that wouldn't surprise me one bit to see that bill try to get pushed through. And you either, will it happen? Probably not, but man let's, I, my recommendation George is just keep, keep hammering away at this thing. What do you think? Yeah, Well my, you said we have a current plan that we're sort of comfortable with and then there's the like gazelle, intense napalm option. So walk me through what that looks like.


Like at your current pace, when will you pay off this 120 K? A year and a half maybe, maybe two years at most. Okay. Depending on how the like mat leave goes And what's timeline for baby Early next year. Okay. So usually what we say when it comes to babies is you're in stork mode, which means this is your permission to pause the baby steps and stack up cash. Now you guys making a crazy amount of money, I would guess that you can stack up enough cash to make sure you get through this Mom and baby come home safe And, we can push play on the baby steps again and apply that money to the debt. Is that the case? Yeah.


Yeah. So how much money do you have in savings right now? Outside of re outside of like retirement stuff that I had from before, I think she has maybe 3000 and then I have about like three. Most of the stuff is, is going to the, is going to the debt. Okay. so what would it look like to say, hey, let's pause, we're gonna stack up, you know, 10, 15 grand and then we're gonna hit play after that. How long would that take you? Yeah. Making two 50. Yeah. I mean to the end of the year maybe or you know, probably right when the baby comes. And so that's what that would, I would do that knowing that, hey, when the baby's here mom's home, let's just push play.


And that kind of, it couches both. number one, it keeps your intensity up but it also gives you the comfort of, okay, we're not gonna bring a baby into this world with a thousand bucks in the bank not knowing what could happen. Yeah. and I think right now it's, there's a lot of emotions that fly around when a baby's on the way and I don't want that to cloud your long-term plan of we're getting out of this debt. I also want you to, to find a new job. What are you thinking about doing? I have don don't know really. I, this is like a, a 10 year plan we're on with her, her med school and residency. Yeah. And I kind of fell into this thing. It's obviously going very well, like salary wise, but you know, I work from home not really enjoying that too much.


Sure. And need to try to find something more in person. So, but it would be like a, it would definitely be a big cut. I love the idea. Well aa I wouldn't, I wouldn't necessarily, I wouldn't start there. It might end up with a cut, but I wouldn't let that be your first, your first entry into the, into the potential new workforce. But man you got 24 months. Imagine a 24 month I can get retrained, I can take some evening classes. I both me and my wife finished grad school holding babies on a Boppy. Both of us did. So you can, you can start right now imagining a future that the plane lands in 24 months.


Your wife gets her full-time gig as a surgeon you can start making aji dollars and then you are able to launch right into this thing you've been prepping for. I love some sort of so I love grad school man 'cause it's got a deadline on it. You kind of know and I, I feel like you can set that up for yourself right now. I got 24 months to dream, to plan, to have coffee with people, to ask ideas, to get new ideas to like all that. I think you got like, you got plenty of time to do that, but I would be really intentional about it. Yeah. Chin up my man, you got a baby on the way. That's exciting. Your wife's you know, about to finish and get into residency and be a surgeon that her dream. And so I think there's a lot going on and it feels overwhelming right now, but if you just parse it out, okay, are we doing good over here?


We've got this goal. Yes, we got the emergency fund. Alright, how is she doing school? I can focus on looking at what my job's gonna entail over the next five years. I think that'll give you some peace versus feeling it all at once. And You and I, I, I wanna call this out. You and I both have, have been through this. George, your, our wives come in and say, guess what, we're pregnant and I Dunno if you're like me, but I immediately went to Hooray and oh no, and this is amazing and how are we gonna do this? What's gonna happen? And there becomes this flurry of I need to go do something, but there's not a lot to be done in the first XY and then you start Oh yeah, right In. You're largely unhelpful. I Have a bad habit of creating problems that, that I then need to solve in moments when there's big life changes on the horizon.


Yeah. And it's hard to have the discipline to stay in peace. I did this recently. I'm about to hit a milestone on my YouTube show. I can't do anything to push it. so I just created a spreadsheet so every day I can get up and black out a tab, but it gives me a thing that I did. so I can, it gets it outta your brain so I can go on to the next thing. So don't, don't, don't do something with that nervous energy that you're gonna regret two years from now. It's just stay in the course and stay in the course and stay in the course. That's very smart.


Well, hey, before we end this hour, let me let everyone know we've got a free webinar that I'll be leading on Monday, September 16th, 1:00 PM Eastern, 12:00 PM Central time on how to break the paycheck to paycheck cycle in 90 days. How to find margin in your budget even if you're out of debt. Hey, how do I find a thousand bucks that's sitting around? We're gonna show you some really unique and practical ways to create that margin, to save more, to spend less to find more room to attack your financial goals. So join us. I'll be walking you through it using EveryDollar on Monday, September 16th. Here's how to sign up. Go to EveryDollar dot com slash webinar, W-E-B-I-N-A-R EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. Save your spot. It's completely free. It's virtual. You can join, you can watch the replay later. But if you don't sign up, we can't send you the replay EveryDollar dot com slash webinar this Monday, 1:00 PM Eastern Time. It's gonna be a good time. Can't wait.


Alright, this hour is about to end if you're watching on YouTube or podcast. So join us on The Ramsey Network app to finish the show for free. Full episodes over there. If you're on radio stay right where you are. We've got more show coming up. If you want to get the app, go to the app store or Google Play and search Ramsey Network. Or of course you can click the link in the show notes, check it out there. You don't wanna miss what's coming up. Next we got Jasper, Vivian, Julie Hot calls and you guys gotta go to the app to watch it. Ramsey Network is the place. We'll see you then. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.