
Hey guys, if you're ready to get ahead with money and start building wealth this year, don't miss our free take control of your Money livestream. It's on January 23rd And you could win $4,000 just for signing up. You got nothing to lose, Go sign up right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream


From the Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony this hour. The phone number to call is Triple eight eight two five five two two five.


And as you're listening, if you could do us a tiny huge favor, let us know what you think about the show, what you don't like, what you want to hear more about in the way to do that is with our annual listener survey. It's now live. You can text the word survey to 33 7 89 or go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey. We'll also drop a link in the description wherever you're listening. And if you sign up today, you'll be entered to win a $500 Gift Card. And it means the world to hear what you think and it definitely affects the content that we do here for the rest of the year and our pay.


So be nice doesn't affect that. But thank you John. I try, you can put a good word. John Delony deserves a raise. I was trying. I was trying. He's doing so good. Alright, anybody will write that. Let's try to help someone. John, how about that? Andrea's in Phoenix. Up next. What's going on, Andrea? Hi. And thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. My name is Andrea and I am 60 years old and I am employed. I make about, I bring home about 24 $2,864 a month. I live with my son and his family. The only outgoing bills I have is my car insurance and I pay for gas and any other incidentals. I wanna know, is it possible for me to continue or to own a home and still save for my retirement?


I have 69,000 in a 401k. And I'll tell you a little bit, I was in Ohio and I relocated to Arizona before the pandemic. And since I've been here, everything has gotten so inflated. So my decision now is to go back to Ohio. But while I'm here in this kind of situation to save and not have to pay any bills, I have some time before I get go back to Ohio. So ask me anything. All right. So you told me your stated goal was, I wanna be able to own a home and retire one day. Yes. Okay. That's going to take a sizable nest egg and a pretty solid savings rate. So how much are you able to save?


Right now you're saying you get, you got almost no bills. So out of that 28 64, how much is left? It'll be 2 20, 154, like $2,154 with minus the car insurance and the gas. But I plan on getting a job in my, where I work at to work from home, which that will save on the gas. And I do have like 45,000 saved up. Okay. That's in a savings account. And no debt whatsoever? Well, No. Not if I have that. I just pay it off every month if I use a credit card. But I did get the EveryDollar app.


I recently did that. I'm still working with that and I've just only been listening to you guys for like three weeks, three or four weeks. Awesome. Welcome to the party. Well we, we have a pretty controversial stance around here, and that is debt robs you from your future, even if it's temporary, even if I'm paying it off tomorrow. And so John and I do not own a single credit card. We just use our debit cards, we use our own money. And what you're facing here, Andrea, is an income problem. We've gotta get your income up because that's gonna create more margin for you to save for that home. And so you've, you're in what we would call baby steps four, five, and six if you're debt free with an emergency fund, which you just told me you have 45,000 liquid. Yes.


Great. And so we'll call that your emergency fund plus some down payment fund. 'cause you don't need 45,000 I imagine, to cover your expenses for three to six months. No. Okay. So your, your a one goal if it is buying a home is to put money away for a down payment. But before we do that, we should be investing 15% of our income into retirement. So how much are you investing right now? So right now I'm not investing that much. I think I'm at 1% and I can probably put that up to where I should be. Why is it at 1%? Because my, in my mind is thinking before I listen to you guys, I was gonna get more in my check to save more, but that just hasn't worked out as well as I wanted it to.


Well, you can't save your way to wealth. We have to invest this money because right now you're not even beating the rate of inflation if that money's just sitting in a checking account. Yes. If you invested the stock market, the US stock market last year, Andrea, Andrea in 2024 returned 24%. So you put a hundred thousand dollars in that account. Now it has $124,000. Do you see the difference? Okay. Invested in the stock market and we're not saying a single stock, you're gonna do mutual funds within that retirement account. That will grow at a steady pace, probably 10 to 12% over the next 10 years. And that will always help Give you some cushion. I don't know that we're gonna have a dream retirement at this stage of the game.


We might have to do what John Delony says and, and choose our reality and grieve what could have been and create a new picture of what's next. Why don't you wanna live with your son? I just, I don't, don't, I don't wanna Do whatever you want going all the way back to Ohio. That's a long way. It, I mean, it feels like an intentional move away from family. Well, it'll be away from the yes, it'll be away from this family, but then my sisters and brothers are all back east and they're all getting older and they're all like sickly.


Ah, okay. And I guess I wanted to be closer to them. Not that I don't wanna be closer here, but it's easier for me to get here right now. It's not easy for me to get there. Gotcha. And Be there as a help. Is there a possibility you could move in with one of your brothers and sisters in a garage apartment or something? I I, I'm just trying to like reimagine buying a house right now versus if you're gonna be in a caretaker role moving in with somebody, I could, that is a possibility. I'm not gonna lie and say it's not, it's, it's a possibility. I know it might not be ideal, but man, I love the idea of you saving some money over the next five or 10 or 15 years until somebody can help you.


Right. Because you'll need that, you'll need somebody to, to love and care on you also. Yeah. If you move to Ohio, is your job gonna go with you? Yes. If I get the job from home, my job comes with me. Okay, Great. What does that job pay? About 40,000 a year. Okay. What, what job is it? And I know what kind Of Role I know I have, I work in the medical records department. What would it look like to make 60 or 70,000 at your age with your experience in that field? What does the ladder look like? I'm not understanding the question.


I'm sorry. Like, What would your supervisor be doing in the medical records field? Is there another job out there where you could not just settle for whatever job you could get, but go, how do I grow in this field so that I can actually put more away for retirement and save up for that house? I, I do have a certification for medical coding, but it's been just difficult to get a job because I don't have any experience in that particular job. Would an entry medical coder make 40,000 They could make, they could start off at 40,000? Yeah. So That's what I would be doing. If the trajectory is higher with your certification, even if it's not the exact role you want, I would just try to get on a ladders.


And the truth is, Andrea, you might be working in into your seventies to make this dream happen. Yeah. Are you okay with that? Yeah. I realize that. Okay. I am, I just crunched the numbers for you. You know, you got 69 grand in that retirement account. You keep investing, let's say a thousand bucks a month. If you can do that to 72, you'll have over half a million in that nest egg and on the way. Oh, okay. Get yourself, you know, a reasonable mortgage and that way you're not stuck paying whatever market rent is for the next 12 years. Or yeah, you take the last two bedrooms in one of your brothers or sister's house when you're caretaking and you're helping out and maybe you let that dream go of I have to buy my own three or four bedroom house, but we have a great place to live And you get to care and serve like you'd like to.


Thanks for the call, Andrea. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey everyone, listen, we all have stories, the family and cultural stories that we were born into, the stories of the things that have happened to us, both the good stuff and the challenging stuff. And we have those stories that we constantly tell ourselves. And none of us can go back and change any of our old stories, but the world is waiting to see what each of us is gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new stories that you're gonna write. And I'm not talking about making goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life and the lives of those you love for the better forever. If you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories and heal from them and begin writing new ones. If you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy And you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist And you can switch at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp, visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day. And thank you George. It's inauguration day, John, A lot going on. Very busy day.


And no matter how you're feeling today, we've said this a million times, what happens in your house is way more important than what happens in the White House. No president or administration has more control over the success of your life or your money than you do. And we're gonna prove it to you this Thursday at our free livestream. We're calling it Take Control of Your Money. Dave RAMSEY and Jade Warshaw will walk you through practical ways you can create more margin, build more wealth, and get ahead with money this year. And I'll be there along with Rachel Cruz taking your money questions live. And here's your first step. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream to sign up. You'll be automatically entered to win $4,000 cash. And once you're signed up, create a free EveryDollar account to get a bonus entry in the giveaway. And this is super important because we'll be using EveryDollar throughout the live stream to show you immediate ways to take control of your money So you can have your own budget live, doing all the things we're telling you to do, to show you how it can affect your wallet, your budget, your household, then share the event with your friends and family. Again, it's totally free, it's virtual. Join us from anywhere. You'll get a bonus entry for everyone who signs up. And it happens this Thursday, 7:00 PM Central. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream.


Jean is joining us in Fort Lauderdale. What's going on Jean? How can we help? Hello? Hey, what's up dude? Yeah, yeah. Hi, how are you? Fantastic. What's up brother? Yeah, I have an issue that I've been dealing with for the past few months. Okay. I've, I recently got scammed by someone that I thought was a friend and there's, this is a very complex story. It's kind of hard to explain. I don't know if, I don't know if I have enough time to explain it. Gimme the overview. How'd you get scammed? Okay, well this started in California before I moved back to Florida. You know, there's two, there's 2D there's two different parts of this story, but Gimme the super, super, super distilled version.


Did you send the money? Just give us the, the details. I, okay. I, I sent her, I sent her money for, to, I sent her money to help with her, her her lymph edema surgery that she was supposed to get, but she never did it. She kept making excuses on why she can't get the surgery and all this stuff. And then the other part was co-signing a car for her, which I co-sign, which I co-sign a car for her before I left to come back to Florida. The, the money part was after I came back to Florida. Okay. So what are you on the hook for now? You sent money via what? For the surgery? How did you send it? I sent it through Cash App and Apple Cash.


Okay. And how much did you send? It was somewhere between like, about somewhere between 30 to 35,000. And you had this money in cash? Not, not ca not straight up cash. Like I didn't have it like straight up my, you went into debt for this? My bank account. I went, yeah, I I I was already in debt, but now I'm in more depth. Like I just, you know, I feel like the dumbest person in the world talking about this to No, You're Good man. We're not trying to beat up on, you know, I'm trying to get to the bottom of this to see what kind of hole you're in and how we can get you out of it. So you, do you owe 35,000 in debt? No, I, that's how much I lost.


Okay. And the Cosign a car I owe way more in depth than that. I owe way more in depth than that. I have credit card debt, student loan debt. Yeah. You were in a bad situation before this. It just got way worse. Yeah, because I helped this And Wait, hold on, hold on. And they screwed me over. Yeah. So here's the deal. Before we get to like the tactics part, you're gonna have to do two things. One, you have to release that you did it, it's over. Okay. Okay. Somebody was hurting And you reached out and said, I can help you out. And they bitch you twice bad. Okay? Yeah. The more you hang on to that, the more you're choosing on a minute by minute basis to be miserable in the present and to not be able to move forward.


Right? Yeah. So let's let go. The second thing is you have to forgive yourself. Man. It, I've been having a hard time doing that. I know You have, we've all done stupid stuff with, with people that we were romantically interested in. We've all done stupid stuff with money. We've all just done stupid stuff now. We haven't all done it to the tune of 20 or 30 or 40 or $50,000 like you have. So congratulations on that one. But like, we've all done stupid stuff And you gotta forgive yourself because it's keeping you from doing the next right thing. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. You got a good heart and I'm glad there are people like you out there that are willing to step in and help.


And you got bit man. And so now you got a big old pile of debt, you got a big old mess And you're the only person that can clean it up, right? Yeah. Okay, So let's own that. Let's release the other nonsense and we're gonna, we're gonna move on and do the next right thing. Cool. Yeah. Okay. Say I forgive myself on, on national radio. I forgive myself on national radio. There You go man. I, there you go. You didn't have to say the on national radio part, but I'm, I'm with it. Respect. I'm with it. I'm with it. All right, here we go, George. All right, so Jean, what is your total debt load? All in Of what I owe? In like everything? Yes.


I mean that it, I mean it's a lot. After I have add it up, is it half A million dollars or is it a hundred thousand? Gimme just a Ballpark. I mean, if you add everything with what I owe on my card, yes. To my credit card debt. To my student loan debt? Yes. To what I owe the IRS, it's like probably more than a hundred thousand. Okay. And what is your income Like right now? I'm like, like if I had to make a guess, like 40,000 a year. And what are you doing for work Before taxes? I work at FedEx. Okay. Now you Can't make, you can't make your monthly payments every month, Can you? I'm, I'm barely hanging on by a thin strain.


Okay. Alright. And you know, I was doing, so I, I, I wouldn't say I wasn't doing like really bad, but I, I had, I had a little something going. Okay. I been, I was invested in crypto for like almost seven years and all that's gone because I sacrificed and helped this person out and they screwed me over. I was too trusting. I have too much of a heart. That's one of my problems that I have. Hold On, hold on. I have much of a heart. Remember when we just talked, open your hand up? Yeah, right now I can hear Your hands are clenched. I can feel it on you. Open your hand up, let it go. They're open. Let it go because replaying what you had and what you did over and over and over again will keep you from moving forward.


What, what I hear is somebody who A, has done it before So you can do it again. And b, you got a great heart. The world needs more of both of those attributes. You just need a little more wisdom. Okay? Nah, I, I would never let this happen again. Okay, Good. What was owed on the car loan For, for my own car or the one I co-signed For? The one you co-signed for? It's like, I think it's like 30,000 in value. Are they making on time payments? See, they're, well here's, well here's the thing. She's, she's still making the payments even though they're late payments, but she's still making the payments, which, which is the part that confuses me here, you know, and I get the feeling that she's, I suspect that she's using my, my, my money to make the payments on the car.


You know what she does with that Is, is her business Now that money's gone. You just wondering, just an attorney, do you have a way to get in touch with this person or they cut off all communication? I cut off all communication. I I couldn't take it no more. She, she is a, she's a weirdo. She is a narcissist. Okay. I I'm saying, you Know, like, I'm guessing it's too late to go, Hey, I need to get out this. Would you refinance the loan into your name? She's not gonna refu, like if she were to refinance it, she's not gonna be able to, she's not gonna be able to do it until July of this year because I cosigned for the car in, you know, last year in July. And at CarMax you have to wait a year to refinance the car. And I'm guessing this credit was so bad. They work with these, these shady companies like Exeter.


But yeah, she, yeah, she, she didn't have good credit, which is why I co-signed, I helped co-sign for the car in the first place. And then I'm guessing the interest on this thing is like what, 12%, 15%? It might have might be 12%. I'm not sure I have to call about it. We're running outta time Gene, but I'm gonna send you a copy of my book Breaking Free from Broke. And in the book I talk about this one line that will change everything for you. It's not all your fault but it's your responsibility. So like John said, we have to let go of the anger and move forward and go. Gene has a hundred thousand dollars mess to clean up Your own life, right? Your right, your own in your life, in your own credit cards, your own student loans, your own cars.


If she's making payments, let her make payments and go on about cleaning up your mess. 'cause you're not cleaning this deal either, Man. And so you're gonna have to get your income up. That might mean a second full-time job once you get off the first full-time job. But you can get outta this. It's gonna take a while and it's gonna take stop borrowing money and obviously you're done getting scammed. So sorry you're going through this man. This is The Ramsey Show.


Self-defense can be a complicated issue but there's one solution that makes it a lot easier. A burna launcher burns look like firearms, but they're not. They're non-lethal self-defense tools. They shoot chemical irritant projectiles that stop a threat in its tracks without the fatal consequences of a gun burn. Launchers have been vetted by government agencies, police forces and private security agencies worldwide. And no permits or background checks are required to buy or own. One plus burners are lightweight, easy to carry and Give you the power to protect yourself and your family even if you're not comfortable with traditional firearms. Not to mention they have more than 15,005 star reviews and right now RAMSEY fans can get 10% off and exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYR nna.com/dave.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by bestselling author Dr. John Delony. We're taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You call us and we'll help you take the right next step for your life, your money, your emotional health, mental health relationships, whatever is going on. Tanner's up next in Manhattan, Kansas. What's going on Tanner? Hi, how are you guys doing? Doing Great. How can John and I help? Yeah, so I am getting married in May after my fiance and I graduate. And thankfully I've had some very generous parents and grandparents and I'll be graduating debt free. My fiance will have some student loans that will need to pay off 'cause I know that I'll be inheriting that debt as well.


My question is, should I use a trust fund that my grandparents have set up for me to help pay off those debts like right after behind then. Okay, tell us more. How much debt is this? I think it's around 60 or 70,000, but I'm not entirely for sure. Okay. And then tell us about the trust fund. What's it made up of? How much is in there? So I don't actually have access to it yet. I'll get access 1 25. I've been able to take out money to max out my Roth IRA these last couple of years, but I think it's around 250,000. Wow. Incredible. Okay. And how old are you now?


23. Okay, So you couldn't even do it immediately, you'd still have to wait. Correct. Okay. So I guess I'm wondering if I should even ask about trying to get access to some money to pay off that debt even though I won't technically have access yet. What will your household income be once you guys are married? Yeah, we both accept jobs and I think we'll, we'll both be making $58,000. Okay, so I guess a total of 120 hundred 20. Yep. Awesome. And this is the all the debt that will be to your names, the 60, 70 grand her student loans? Yes. We might, we'll probably have to buy a new car so, okay.


Or not a new car but a buy a car. So Who's the custodian of the trust? What's that? Who's the custodian of the trust? My grandparents set it up but I know my parents can like move money around. Are your grandparents still alive? Yes they are. Okay, so are they in charge of it? Who? Like if you had to go ask how, how do you take withdrawals? Let ask you that I've, it's always just been, we get to the end of the year and it's time to contribute to the Roth IRA. So then I ask my mom and she is able to transfer the money. Okay. I would find out who's in charge of the trust.


Okay. Sounds like your parents might be trustees on this thing where they can control it. That sounds right. Okay. Do you have any savings? Yeah, I just studied abroad last semester, so it's a little low now, but around like 4,000. Okay. And with your newfound income, I would begin paying it off in the meantime. And if you're able to get access to it to knock this out faster, that's great. But there's another piece of this that I wanna make sure you get and that's, I, I want you to be able to have your own investing savings muscle and not rely on this trust fund.


And it's not because the trust fund's bad, I just want you to have the muscle to where, you know, if I needed to put 5,000 of my own money away every month from my income, you could do that. And that's gonna be a really good habit for both of you to build as you build wealth together. Yeah, that's definitely the plan that seems we start the job and have a stable income is to set up, slide aside that 15%. I guess another part of the puzzle is like, do I take the 15% whatever, do the company 401k and then afterwards I meet that 15%, do I go to my trust and max out Roth or Beyond the 15 15% you'd, you'd go into baby steps five and six, which would be safer for kids college.


I'm assuming you guys don't have kids. Not yet. And then baby yet six is attacking a mortgage. Do you guys have a house or will you We're plenty of renting. Okay, good. So here would, if I was gonna financially coach you guys as premarital counseling, I'm gonna go, let's get gun ho on this debt. Let's take all of our savings, future income if we need, if we can dip into the trust fund, let's knock out this debt fast, let's get a fully funded emergency fund, begin investing 15% beyond that, I would begin saving up a down payment for a house. Okay. And if you need a car in the meantime, let's set up a sinking fund. Is this like an emergency situation or is this a year from now? We need a car. It's not a great car that she has now.


I think she's just ready to start new and get a new one. So, So I would tell you that is the one of the top two or three wealth killers for new couples, especially when they're under the age of 25 is this quote unquote, I'm just tired of or this was my college car or we just feel like we or you're my new wife wife and so I wanna buy you a, that's when people get themselves, they buy a depreciating asset that just is a such a, a wealth suck versus if y'all shook hands and agreed on the first two years, let's just keep driving the same crappy cars and let's just get so far ahead financially that we can get whatever car we want for the rest of our time together.


Yep. I can't think of a bigger mistake I made right when I graduated college than running and trying to buy, buy after driving a tiny little crummy car that is probably still running somewhere. 'cause you can't kill those old Toyotas. I went and bought the stupidest, biggest, dumbest truck I could find. It was so dumb. That's A rite of passage for every Texan. Yeah. For every idiot. Not for every Texan, but for every goofball like me. Yeah, dude. And I think, I think an important call out here, George, is your heart is right brother Tanner. Like when y'all get married, her student loan debt is y'all's student loan debt. I would wanna know what was the main purpose of this trust?


Was it to get, was it set up for everybody, all the grandkids, to get everybody through college and now you're through college and it's still there. Like what's the purpose of this, of this trust? What is the original, what was its original intent? And I, what I don't want you guys to do is be married and have your mommy still dangling this account over your head. Like, well, are we gonna get Grant? Like I don't, I don't like that. That makes me feel like, eh, I don't, yeah. Getting outta college man. I wanna know if I have, there's a trust with my name on it. I wanna know what the rules and regulations are of this thing when it's fully mined, when I'm in control of it, what the original intent was, all that kind of stuff. And that's just about having a grownup conversation with whoever the trustee and the custodian is.


Sounds good. Thank you guys very much. You Got it brother. Absolutely. Yeah. The conversation might be grandma and grandpa go, yeah, we'd love for you to use this as a down payment on a house and get your financial future going and knock out her debt and get you guys some, you know, the right financial steps. But I could see a a a very real world scenario where, oh well this wasn't for you paying off your wife's student loans. She needs to and now we're in a, There's strings attached. That's right. It gets messy. It gets super messy and that's what I want. If that's the case, then best of luck to you guys. I'm, we're going to take care of our own financial future at our house. Thank you for having this thing Get me through college debt free and getting some Roths funded, but I don't wanna be controlled by this imaginary puppet string over off to the side and a new marriage.


Yeah, That's and that's the context we don't have. That's right. That'd it'd an interesting call to get grandma on the line That's right. And say what's going on here? And she No, absolutely use it forever. He wants That's right. We just wanted to leave a legacy and you know, as long as you're not mismanaging the money. That's right. Which John and I would say paying off debt is not mismanagement of the money. No. But I could see a family going, no, this is for us to build wealth with. Well this was actually for You Not to pay for someone's past mistakes and debts. That's right. That's not who this family is. You know, you just never know. Right. Yeah. That part gives me just some pause. Yes. You gotta take a tum just thinking about, about some of those conversations. Yeah. But the idea of a trust fund, I mean that's, that's legacy. Yeah. As much as we, you know, people make fun of, oh you're a trust fund baby. And I'm like, go create that same privilege for your family, right?


If you're so upset and jealous that someone would have money left over instead of leaving their children with a pile of financial mess to clean up. Or I Think the TV show version is a trust fund has $80 billion in it and you're just not working and flying around in jets when actually most trusts are, It's like that, I don't Wanna say it's small, but it's a chunk of money. It's got a very designated purpose. Get you through school, get you that first house. It Gives you a leg up, Get you married. That's right. That's right. But It's not a sit back, relax in a hammock for the rest of your life. That's right. Situation. So I think there's, there's a lot of wisdom there Tanner. And you're asking some great questions, especially at 23. At 23, John, I was a knucklehead, you know, still making a lot of mistakes and clearly this is what happens. It's not just the money side, it's the, the character, the financial literacy that was built by his parents, his parents parents.


And you know, the bible's very clear, leaving an inheritance to your, to your children's children. I believe that's not just about money. I mean that's, you know, inheritance of a lot of things. Character. Well, And and that's where, it's one of those moments where it's been about money and it's been about asking now it's about a transfer of wisdom and trust. Hey, I wanna sit down and talk about the guts, the nuts and bolts of this trust. And that's just an adult conversation that's uncomfortable. But you gotta have it. Thanks for the call Tanner. This is The Ramsey Show.


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in mls ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi? Why Refi, refinances defaulted private student loans. Defaulted means when the borrower can't make the required payments. So if that describes you and your private student loan contact, Why Refi? They can offer a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Alright. Today's question comes from Kathy in Rhode Island. Kathy writes, am I supposed to pay off a loan my husband took out from the bank? Without my knowledge, he recently passed away. And it was only then that I learned that he had a $10,000 loan. When I asked the bank what it was for, they told me that information was confidential and they couldn't tell me why he needed it. They just said that I'm liable for it as his spouse, what should I pay it off or let it go to collections? Huge. I I would guess that you inherit the entire account, including the notes, But yeah, you're gonna have to talk to somebody in Rhode Island 'cause I don't know what the particular, The laws there are.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You may want to contact an attorney to see if there's a way out of this. Yeah. Versus, you know, co-signing on a loan. Yeah. But generally if it was only his name on the debt, the spouse wouldn't be liable for it. So unless the estate's liable for it. Yeah. Who knows man, I would, I you need some more information here. My fear is the bank's coming for you and they're not being fully open. 'cause whatever is confidential is gonna be in that bank file. And if you inherit everything, then you inherit everything. I feel like there's a, there's more going on here. There's A, yeah, there's some stuff going on here and I don't know what that is. She doesn't know what it's for, but you need to get an attorney and dig into it, Kathy. Yeah. That's really the best.


Yeah. In some situations your state is liable for the debt and in some places like student loans, when you die, the, the loans go with you. That's the only way to get rid of student loans in most cases. To be debt. That's right. That's dark stuff. Yeah. Oh my goodness. I'm so sorry for your loss, Kathy. Yeah. And if you have the money And you don't wanna burn the brain calories on this, pay it off. That's Right. Yeah. And by the way, don't let it just go to collections. If you are on the hook for it and you're gonna, it's gonna go into collections when you're attached to it, then yeah, you gotta just pay it off. Or if he somehow took it out in both of your names or he took it out under an account, y'all share yes, you're gonna have to pay this thing off. That's the only thing I can think of is if it was a joint account with the bank and somehow they took out the loan under that same account.


Right. If he did, just go to a rando bank, open up an account, take a loan out in just his name and that bank got your name is trying to collect on you. Then you may, you may have a, a case to not pay it, But yeah, you need to check with a local attorney there. I'd also pull his credit report and make sure there's no other outstanding. That's a good idea. Debt Sitting out there too. Yeah. And this is a yet case number 5,870 million don't have secret accounts. Don't keep secrets like this from your spouse because one day you will die and you'll leave them with all of that nonsense. Man, don't do it. Don't do it. If you're trying to take secret accounts, trying to take secret loans, George and I, we do this all the time.


You will be found out. Don't do it. Don't do it for gambling debts, for secret girlfriends, for secret like gifts you wanna buy. You're that. Just don't do it. Don't do it because this kind of crap happens all the time And you just leave a grieving spouse wondering, what else do I not know? And it's just, it's just, it's bad all the way around. Don't do it. All right, let's go to the phones. Kayla is up next in Eau Claire, Wisconsin. What's going on? How can we help Kayla? Well my husband and I recently spent two years paying off $152,000 in student loans. Congratulations. Wow. Thank you. It was a grueling journey.


So we wanna make sure that we make wise decisions moving forward as we kind of, you know, restart our financial foundation. So we have a fully funded emergency fund and we're contributing in a 5 29 for our son. And currently we rent, so we're working on a down payment. And I guess one of my big questions, it all kind of surrounds around, we were able to get a life insurance policy for myself, but my husband has a medical condition where he cannot get term life insurance. And so as we move, move forward, we're trying to decide like, should we be looking at a smaller house so that like, you know, that kind of stuff is within our means since we won't have his life insurance.


If something were to happen when we do buy a house, do we get insurance for the mortgage? That would kind of act as like, you know, like life insurance that would pay the mortgage if he were to pass away. Or like even like looking at our jobs like should I get a job that pays more just, you know, trying to look into the future and how can we best protect ourself since we can't get life insurance for him? What is, what's, what is the medical condition he has? He has cystic fibrosis. Okay. All right. Does he have, have they given him any sort of timeline here or is it just indefinite? No, he Is, he is super healthy.


So I mean they, he doesn't have any kind of a clock or anything. They're expecting him to have a really long kind of normal life. Okay, great. Can I just applaud you before we get into the nuts and bolts? Can I applaud you for, for a lack of better terms, just owning reality because a lot of folks get so mad and they go to war with reality and you're already like, okay well maybe we'll need to have a different kind of house or I'll need to have a different kind of job or we'll have to take a different kind of mortgage insurance, whatever. That just shows a level of maturity and wisdom that is is just awesome. So I just wanted to high five you for that. Thank you. Yeah, you're asking really good questions and you're right, this is one of those tough things where if there's no way he's gonna get life insurance, we're gonna have to look into probably a more expensive option with a worse payout.


And so that's something like a guaranteed issue policy and then like you mentioned, mortgage life insurance which would just cover the mortgage balance. And so those are two I would look into, have you contacted our our friends at Xandr about this or where'd you go through for the life insurance? Yeah, That's who we talked to initially of trying to get term life insurance. Okay. And then we didn't really like go back to them after, okay We were done. I'm might reach back out and just get their take on what might make the most sense for you guys between the guaranteed life, mortgage life and then beyond that my, if I was, if I was you in your shoes, I'd go, how do we become self-insured as quickly as possible? How do we make sure that if something did happen and we needed to replace that income that we would be okay That might mean a bigger emergency fund, that might mean we pay off the house faster and get the smaller house like you mentioned so that we have less liabilities and we can reduce our expenses.


Because if you can keep your expenses low and learn to live off your income alone, that's going to reduce the risk in your life. Yeah. Because like right now, even like with the job that I do have, we do basically live just like on my income and then the rest has been going towards our down payment fund. So awesome. We're At a good spot there. What if y'all built a world where that might just be your reality forever? Yeah, that is a good idea. Well And and by the way, grieve, grieve it 'cause that's a bummer too, right? Yeah. Because maybe you wanted to be a stay at home mom one day or you wanted to do this or you wanted, he wanted to become X, y, and Z. Like it's just a matter of being like that was our dream and it's not gonna happen and that doesn't mean everything's bad in our life.


That means it's just gonna be different. And so what if for the next 20 years while he's super healthy or 30 years we just socked his income away. Yeah. That just reminded me like another question that I have kind of related to this is I currently work in the school systems and so my retirement is wrapped up in a pension and so I've been like waffling back and forth of if I should go change jobs to a job that where I can invest in like a 4 0 3 B or something like that to add even further stability. Well you can always invest on your own through a Roth IRA as well. Yeah. And that can be a hedge for you.


Yeah. Okay. So Let's have a world where let's say in 10 years y'all bought a smaller house, y'all paid it off And you just used his salary and every bit of his salary just goes to paying that house off. And you know in at RAMSEY we tell you to take your time paying your house off and do other stuff, but y'all know your life situation's a little bit different and so now you've gotta pay for a house and Yeah. And you dump his money into Roth IRAs and just general index funds for the rest of your time y'all gonna be and plus your pension. Y'all gonna be loaded up if y'all learn to live like that. Okay? Yeah. You do that for 10 or 20 years, you'll be self-insured in no time. And generally when we say get term life, it's four 15 to 20 year term because by the time it, it's over, you've self-insured, you get the house paid off 'cause you did a 15 year mortgage, you've been investing for 15 or 20 years and that nest egg is several hundred thousand dollars.


And so you're, you're doing all the right things and John and I wanna applaud you. We're here to just cheer lead you on and say keep at it. Yes. And there's gonna be days you're driving a used Camry 15 years from now and you're gonna see one of your colleagues pull up in a brand new Tahoe and you're gonna be annoyed and that's okay. You have permission to be annoyed and then you go do the next right thing That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Thank you to my cohost Dr. John Delony, all the folks in the booth keeping the show afloat And you America will be back before you know it.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade Warshot and I'm just gonna cut to the chase. If anyone knows about paying off student loans, it's me. Okay. My husband and I had $460,000 of debt and 280,000 of it was student loans. So I know the pressure that you feel when you have that debt weighing you down, but I also know there's a way out because we did it And you can too. Getting out of student loan debt starts with taking control of the situation and Laurel Road can help Laurel Road offers a free 30 minute consultation with a student loan expert to go over your repayment options and help make a plan based on your specific situation to get your student loans paid off fast. Okay? Truth be told, refinancing is not the move for everyone. And my advice is that you should only consider it if you can get a lower rate or a shorter term. But if refinancing is your next move, I think it should be with Laurel Road. They offer low competitive rates and terms that could help you pay less over the lifetime of your loan. Plus they offer interest rate incentives like an auto pay discount. So go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY to find out more and schedule your free 30 minute consultation. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association From the Ramsey Network.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You call us and we will do our best to Give you advice that only John could give or George they say the advice is worth what you paid for it. Amber's gonna kick us off in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, what's going on Amber? How can we help? Hi. So I have, it's kind of like a threefold question. We got ourselves into quite a big mess with our finances.


We took out a HELOC on our house a little over five years ago and when we did it, they did not, all they told us was that it was 1% interest rate. It would be, it would take care of all the debt that we had. We wouldn't have that debt hanging over our head anymore and we would be fine. So we did that. They did not tell us that the HELOC would balloon or mature, which it did. And now they're saying that we have to refinance the HELOC or pay off the total amount. And on top of having to do that, we have to include our other debt as well.


What's the other Debt on top of that? Which I'm sorry, what was that? What's the other debt? So we have two credit cards through the bank and then we have six other credit cards that had gone into collections and we were working with them to pay those ones off. The ones through the bank. We cut up the cards when we found you guys and stopped using them. But they still have a balance and we're current on it. It just still has the balance. So it's $17,000 for one with the bank, another $4,400 with another one from the bank. And then with the ones that had gone to collections that we were working with them on, that total is about about 19,000 total.


And they're saying that we have to include the two through the bank. And two of the ones that had already gone through like the beginning legal proceedings of the other credit cards, which was one was 7,000 and then another one was like was 2,400. When you Say you're, and they wanna include all of that onto the heloc. Well they, they wanna do that because they want to, they want, they don't see you guys as as likely to pay all this back. And so they want to have your house on the block. They'll, they'll become a secure Debt. That's why they're doing that. Right. And So you might need to go, George, I don't know if you can go get another bank and see if you could get HeLOCK with another bank and some whole thing That's, I'm wonder could you get a traditional mortgage with another bank?


Yeah. So that was my, that was my question. I guess I didn't lead with that. I was wondering like, so they're saying this is an our only option and this is the trap we fall and fell into every time I understand it was us that got us into this situation, but like as soon as we did that covid hit like a year and a half later and then I had a company reach out to us and tell us it was a debt relief company. Oh my gosh. And they said to Yeah And you did it. I told for that. They said to not only stop making payments, Let your credit crash, we'll settle, let the credit crash And you give us the Payments. And they, beyond that, they said to, because they would just take every take care of everything and the payments would just kind of, you know, go away.


They would be able to settle it all to max out the cards because the more debt that we had, the more they would be able to work with them to, the more likely they would be able to get rid of it. Okay. You you, So you hear yourself telling us that And you can even hear that. That sounds insane, right? I I understand how saying that Well, We're not beating you up Feel like an idiot Probably. Yeah. Well, George and I have both done stupid stuff with money. You're not, you're, you're, you're like millions and millions of like they wouldn't run this playbook if those plays didn't work on people. Okay. There's a sucker born every day. That's right. And I hate that you got Caught up in it, but, but here's the thing. Two different times somebody told you if you just do X, all your debt goes away.


Yeah. And that's why I was calling you guys 'cause I don't wanna do the same Okay. Stupid thing over again. So you, they're telling us this is our only option and I've heard, heard you guys say countless times, there are other options. Yes. Yeah. The best option is to go to a completely different lender, stop doing business with this bank, get a traditional mortgage that covers all of this. So we do have our mortgage company, our main mortgage company that we work with. And that was gonna be my other question was would it be better to reach out to them and see if we did, if we worked with them and explained to them that we had the HELOC with the bank and that now it matured and see if we can work with them instead. I would use that language instead of Adding all of this additional debt onto our house.


I I would tell them I, we found ourselves five years ago in a scared place during covid in a predatory heloc. Okay. Can we, I wouldn't give all the balloon and maturation, I wouldn't do all that stuff. And yes. See if you can roll us up in a traditional mortgage. My bigger question is, can you guys actually afford to live in this home So we can afford to live in the home? My husband brings in on average $2,000 a week. Our mortgage is, well we had a, we were behind a little bit on the escrow because of our homeowner's insurance that had to switch, so they added that onto the principal. So it went from 1300 to 1700 a month.


So I mean the, the mortgage payments are not a problem. And making, so if You took on a new mortgage, we're Making payments on all of the things. Could You refinance and do, do one new mortgage that encapsulates all of your debt And move your payment to 2,500 bucks a month To talk to the mortgage company to do it all in one? Yeah, I would keep the credit card separate and deal with those on their own. And debt snowball those settle on your own. But with this HELOC that seems like horrible could absorb The HeLOCK. I have to add all of that onto our house. Agreed. And I don't know if the bank would even let you Yeah. 'cause they need that tied to their collateral, not tied to your personal debts. What is the, what's the balloon payment on the heloc?


The total amount or the payment amount? The total amount. Total Amount. 29,000. And they wanna add that 17 plus the 45 plus another plus another 10. So we're looking at over $60,000 that they wanna put onto the year to Get out of this. And so if you, if you refinanced your current home and added 60,000 to the mortgage, that would get you out of it? Well we would only need to add, they want to add all of that on the HELOC itself is only 29,000. But they're telling us that in order for them to redo the heloc No, we, We, we're not redoing any of that. No, we're not Done with that business with them. No more HELOCs. You're gonna Have another balloon at the end of a new heloc.


You Just, yeah. And they're telling us that we won't and I don't believe them. Do you guys have any other debt? Car loans, student loans? We have, all of our current debt that we have is through the bank. We have a, we have a van payment through them. We have a camper through them and we have the two credit cards that we already cut up and don't use Amber. You know, all this needs to go right. All of it. Yes. The van gets sold tomorrow, the camper gets sold tomorrow. We use all of that to clean up our debts and we stop playing with this. Stop. You guys have debt all over the place. You got, you're hiding debt in the couch cushions at this point. How much? So how would I go about, we are planning on selling the camper, but we don't know how we would be able to sell the van because we're upside down on it.


You need the difference in cash or go to a local credit union and get the difference. That's the only way he's out of that. Yeah. You need to come up with a difference to clear the title. And Amber, you're gonna have to get probably one job, two jobs, three jobs. Your husband's gonna have to get another job. You'll have a huge mess. And y'all have to make a ironclad commitment. We will never borrow money ever, ever again. Ever again. Gotta stop. Gotta stop. Yeah. The bank sees y'all as a huge liability. So they wanna roll all this debt into that house so They can take your house if you can't Pay. So you can take your house on any of these small credit cards, they can take your house from you. So don't do that. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys. I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse. They've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance. Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Hey guys, I've got a big announcement. George Kamel and I are bringing back investing Essentials, our two night virtual event, deep diving into investing and real estate learn step by step. How to get the most out of your 401k mutual funds and real estate investments because there's no better time to get the clarity you need to Invest with confidence. Watch live on March 4th and fifth. Get tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Leslie's up next in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Hold On before we go to Leslie. I won't do it. Let's yeah, take, sorry, Leslie. We'll hang on one second. Like I, You're stuck on our last caller. I'm Stuck on the last caller and how it sounds nutty, but it is America. It's the current state of personal finance in America. Seven credit cards, a mortgage, a HELOC on that mortgage. 'cause somebody said, oh, you got equity.


And what Amber said, the last caller said was so important that somebody called her and said, you won't have to worry about this other debt ever again. And it just sounds so amazing. Right? Well, when you're that desperate That's right. And someone calls, you're like, this is the savior we needed. And people get onto us all the time. They beat us up all over the place because they have all this quote unquote equity And you can just pay off everything. But here's what happens. People don't, then they go are like, oh, we got some extra money. Let's go get a camper. And instead of buying a used car for 7,000, 'cause that's all we have, it's so easy to go to the lot and be like, well, we got the new ones over here. And it's like, we took out that heloc, we have another.


And you find yourself and they Go, we can make way. What? What payment do you need? We can make that work. We'll make it work. Yeah. And we'll just, we'll, we'll, we'll balloon it later. That's a problem for future you. And if people need any, if they're thinking about thinking it a loan man, oh, and then, oh, and then covid happened, right? If you're thinking about borrowing money, go back and listen. Not to the question Amber was asking. Listen to her voice. That haunts me. 'cause people call and they call and they call, and all they did was what the banker told them to do. All they did was what the lender told them to do. Or the guy on the phone called, or their uncle called. And everything, you get so desperate that you begin looking for, as Brene Brown says, whatever you go looking for, you're gonna find it a magic wand shortcut that will take it all away.


And you just dig a deeper, deeper hole till they come and say, Hey, you're gonna do it. We say now, or we're taking your home from you. And that's when you realize, oh gosh, we're about to lose everything. Right? It's ter over $29,000, you might lose your house. Right. It didn't seem like a big deal at the time. It never does. And that extra credit card didn't seem like it would be the thing that sinks us. And here they are in a giant mess. That's Right. That's right. Making A hundred over a hundred thousand dollars, which we can all agree is a great income. Right. But not when it's propped up artificially with thousands and payments every month. Thousands and thousands of payments. But more, more. It's when a banker calls you and says, Hey, you're ours. Now you're gonna do what we say, you're gonna take all this debt 'cause we don't trust you anymore.


And 'cause now 'cause we, we, we've owned you for a long time and now we're gonna call it out. We get to decide what you do next. And there's just a panic in somebody's voice and it haunts me. Please, please, please don't borrow money. Proverbs 22 7. The borrower is slave to the lender. That's right. It was true back in the ancient times and it's very true today. Yeah, Man. Let's go out to Grand Rapids now we can talk to Leslie. All right, Leslie. Hey Leslie. What's going on? How can we help? Hi, I, my question is, should I take out a loan to purchase a family veterinary practice? No Way. I hope you weren't listening the last five minutes of the show.


Oh geez. I was listening. Yes. Okay. Tell us why you were the exception. Oh, incredible. Now Tell us more about the this business. Yes. So this is a father-daughter business. My father owns the business. I have been working in the business at for almost 11 years now as an associate veterinarian. I'm not a partner, I'm not an owner. And I work full-time as a veterinarian. I've got two little girls, beautiful little girls, one and four and a half. And my amazing husband works as a school teacher. Awesome. And my, my, I guess my, currently the practice is grossing, last year in 24, we grossed 1.3 million and our profits are 80,000 a year.


My biggest question, and my brother actually said that I should call and ask about this because my gut reaction is absolutely no, I do not want to purchase this practice with a loan. But the reason the question is coming up is because my husband and I in June finally paid off $250,000 in student loans. Wow. You did. Congrats. Way to go. Thank You. Thank you. And we are debt free except our mortgage for the first time in our lives. Awesome. And it's, it's amazing. And you're, why would I wanna go back into hundreds of thousands of dollars of debt?


Absolutely. Yeah. So is your dad trying to get you to, is he trying to get you to buy this or has he offered it to sell it to you? What, what, how's that? How'd it come up? Yeah, so we've been talking about it for years now. I'm pretty vested emotionally in the business. I, I'm 120% kind of person. And so I, I run the day to day and I manage our team. Okay. And so we have talked in the past and I've been very undecided if I wanted to move forward with purchasing the practice or at least becoming an owner. And my, and I finally agreed that yes, if we can do this, if we can figure out a way.


Last year, about a year and a half ago, I said, we can figure out a way without me having to take out a loan to do this. I'm on board. And it came up again recently and he said that he didn't actually believe me when I had told him that I didn't wanna take out a loan when it came up again. And so that really made me feel very unheard. And my, we, our relationship is very strained because of this business. And I have worked really hard to try to be mentally healthy for my patients and my family and my team sometimes working against him.


Okay, so lemme hop, lemme hop in here. So a couple of things here. Number one, please don't go to a bank and take out a loan and buy this from your dad like that, okay? There is some ways that, and like for instance, y'all shake hands and he agrees to take 25% of the profits over the next five years, that kind of thing's. Okay? So revenue sharing, a gradual buy-in, some sweat equity, something like that, like you're Talking about Is we're not gonna do debt, but I'll Give you this much revenue over this many years in order to essentially pay this off. And what I like about the percentage is if suddenly there's a covid hits, then you don't, like, if you take out a loan from the bank and Covid hits, you're still paying the bank what y'all agreed on.


If you have a percentage payout over time, and the, that $80,000 a year profit goes down to 20 for a couple of years because of, I don't know, there's a, a, a dog flu that hits, or I don't know, then y'all both have skin in the game. And if he looks at his daughter who's been with him for 11 years and says, no, then I don't wanna do business with him. Okay? Okay. Here's the other side of it. You're gonna have to take language. Like, I don't feel heard and I have makes me set. This is a business transaction And you are gonna have to get business partners to help you because when family does business transactions like this with family, it gets very emotional.


So what does that mean? You're gonna have to get a third party appraiser to come in and say, we're going through your books. This is what this thing is worth. It's Not how he feels about the business, right? It's what is it actually worth? Okay? Because dad might say it's worth $10 million. I want $10 million and I deserve 10 million. I put 40 years of my life into this things, I want $10 million. And now he's put his daughter in a really precarious situation, both financially, but also you are gonna look at your dad and say, dad, it's only worth $3 million. It's only worth $2 million, dad. Right? So now we've got a problem, we're gonna get a third party appraiser. And if he says, well, I'm not doing that, then again, if you're running this practice, essentially, if you're already a veterinarian and you're leading the team and you're running payroll and you're hiring and firing people anyway, then you can go start your own company.


Yeah. I'm questioning if this is the place for you long term, whether you own it or not, right? Because because of this strained relationship, it hasn't been going well so far. Owing dad $400,000 or a million dollars is only gonna make it worse. And by the way, in his generation, you just went and took out a loan, which is why his generation's in the mess that they're in. So don't get mad if he's like, what Didn didn't know there's another option, that's fine. I'm not gonna get mad at him about that. But I'm not gonna go to a bank and mess up every Christmas for the next 15 years 'cause I owe somebody. 'cause Didn didn't have the courage to tell my dad. Now,


Have you gotten one of those texts recently claiming to be the USPS with some sketchy link to update your address? It's annoying and a little terrifying. And you probably think to yourself, I should do something about this. But where do you even start? Well, as your nerdy friend who does the research for you, I found the solution. They're called Deleteme. And here's the reason they come in the clutch. The internet is packed with data brokers, which are these shady companies whose sole purpose is to collect your personal info and sell it for a profit. Enter Deleteme. Deleteme Swoops in finds your info on these sites and removes it on your behalf. They even send you a report with all the details. And so far for me personally, they have reviewed 27,000 listings, removed my info from 240 data brokers and saved me 66 hours in the process. I trust Deleteme to help protect my family. And I trust them to help you too. You're gonna get fewer spam texts, fewer phishing emails, and fewer creepy robo calls. And Deleteme also makes a great gift for other people in your life that you care about. Individual plans start at just $9 a month. So take an easy step to protect yourself and your loved ones today. And as a RAMSEY fan, you'll get an extra 20% off any of their plans at join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


It's that time again, folks. Tax season is here. I know some of you would rather bury your head in the sand until April 15th than face your taxes. But here's a better idea. If your tax situation is complicated, get in touch with a RAMSEY Trusted Tax Pro today. That way they can take the stress off your shoulders and once those tax forms come in and teach you how to keep your tax bill as low as possible, but don't wait. RAMSEY Trusted Pros can book up fast. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro to find one who serves your area with excellence. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. The phone number to call is Triple eight eight two five five two two two five. Well, John, it's tax season and that means a lot of people get a little sweat on their brow. There you go. Oh my gosh. This again, every year we have to do this. I know. It's like Christmas. It just surprises us At least Christmas. There's some joy. You know, unless you're a CPA and even A CPA, it's probably going, oh gosh, get me through this, please.


So here's the deal. We wanna make it easy on you. We know taxes are confusing and So we have a hub for you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tax where you can find our no nonsense tax software called RAMSEY Smart Tax. You can find highly qualified tax pros that are RAMSEY trusted across the country in your area. And we have some great tax resources. I personally use them every year. I go to the site and I download the tax prep check checklist. I read over the beginner's guide to taxes as a little refresher to go, all right, I'm, I'm ready for this. Puts a little pep in my step, so go check it out. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tax is the place to go.


Cindy's joining us up next in Miami. What's going on, Cindy? Hi John. Hi George. Thank you for all your good work and your sound advice. Thank you. I'd like some clarity and I'm looking for your professional guidance. I'm currently with my husband on step four and six. I'm a teacher in Miami. My husband's a firefighter. We purchased a house in 2017. It's now valued at 1.3 million. We have a 15 year fixed mortgage at 2.35 and we have 160,000 left on our mortgage.


Amazing. We Always overpay our mortgage when my husband gets overtime, but that comes in waves. So we're anticipating maybe six to seven years left on this mortgage. I am very concerned with our property insurance. When we bought in 2017, our property insurance was 1,200. When we paid it in 2024, it was 7,700. Ooh. We don't escrow And what's happened in Asheville and these horrid fires in California, I am anticipating a huge property insurance hike.


Hmm. Now my question is, since we're on step six and we're anticipating this, should we go back to gazelle intense and try as hard as we can to pay off this mortgage and then become self-insured? I would never get rid of property insurance if that's what you're talking about. You're saying, hey, we'll take on the risk of having to rebuild this million dollar home. Well, what we're thinking of is just we, we currently contribute to, we have a six month emergency fund and we're continuing to put a thousand dollars a month into it.


I just don't know if it's better to be self-insured or stay with these high prices of property insurance that I'm thinking because we've never seen something like this in California. Sure. This Has never I'll, I'll tell you two quick things to help Dave RAMSEY has hundreds of millions in real estate. He insures every property, even though he doesn't, he could afford it. But he says the risk isn't worth it on my part. I would rather pay this premium to have it covered for me. And they shoulder the risk. And I think the same is true for you. So there's a simple solution and I'll hand it to John, but just set up a sinking fund. And even if it goes up to $10,000 And you wanna live in Miami, call it the Miami tax, you gotta pay.


It's like ha having a high HOA fee. 'cause you live on a beachfront condo, that's the tax you pay. So we're gonna put away $833 a month into the savings account so that when it comes time to pay the property taxes, the money's there. Okay. And Cindy, every bit of your language reminds me of a guy I used to know and I'll call him John Delony 2.0. So tell me if I'm wrong, I'm honored your, you survived Covid as a teacher. Yes. Your husband's in a very high stress first responder job. Yes. You're in a very high stress, I'll call a teacher's first responder job. Correct.


Caught up in all the politics, all the nonsense. Plus you. I grew up in Houston. Your situation is worse than what I grew up in. And I still have in my nervous system Hurricane Alicia, when we had to eat on a camp stove for 10 days 'cause we had no power in the city. And you deal with that every year now in Miami. Yes. Yeah. And you've probably been scrolling and scrolling and scrolling through your hurricane season through what happened in Tampa or it almost happened bad, bad in Tampa and what happened in North Carolina. What happened in the fires? You're an anxious, anxious mess. Yeah, I wouldn't, I wouldn't agree With that. Alright. And now here's what you're trying to do. You're trying to take what's happening inside your nervous system and create future tragedies that you're trying to solve in the present.


You're making yourself nuts. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. So here's, here's what I want you to do. Cancel for 30 days. Get social media off your phone, Okay? Commit to not going to a news source for 30 days. 30 days you're a teacher. If something bad happens, your students will let you know They know about it before you do. Yes. Yeah, for sure. And I, I want, I want you to detox. Okay? Okay. Now here's the simple, so here's the simple thing. Are y'all gonna leave Miami? No. Is our long-term Goals. Okay? So this is where you live. You have a million dollar house. Your husband's a firefighter, you're a teacher.


You will never be able to accumulate a million dollars in cash to self-insure yourself. So in no, it'd be very difficult. You're gonna make yourself nuts trying to catch that dream by the tail. 'cause you can't. And so all you're gonna do is scroll job listings. You're gonna scroll extra job, you're gonna make yourself bananas. So y'all are living there. This is our home, this is our castle. This is where we planted our flag. And so, like George said, okay, well the, our dream tax or our home tax, they might make it $10,000. I don't think they're going to, I think they've priced it in the market. They've gone up eight Jill percent over the last five years.


But if hurricanes keep happening and they keep getting more intense and happening more frequently, then it's gonna go up. They have to cover their spread or they're gonna go bankrupt. Okay? So let's just put 10,000 bucks. If we pay our house off, we'll have a $500 a month plus our property and our property taxes. This is gonna what it will cost. Ta-da. That's problem solved now. Yeah. Okay. You get what I'm saying? Okay. And I'm saying it this calm on purpose. 'cause I want you to practice this because I I I, and I'll Brene Brown calls it dress rehearsing tragedy. You're, you have already imagine yourself standing in front of a knockdown house and wondering what we're gonna do. Don't do that until it comes. Yeah.


We'll cross that bridge when That's right. We come to it. That's Right. Okay. So yeah, I like the idea of getting, get that 10,000. Now if you're, if I'm you, and this is gonna kind of break with the RAMSEY protocol a little bit. If I get to, I'll just tell you what I did with my, with my last house. We got right to the very end. We, we owed a hundred whatever. Yeah. We, I went full baby. Step two, I went bananas. Okay? Okay. But it was for a very limited sprint. You can't do that for five years. You can do it for two. You could, Okay, So you and your husband, that's Where I needed clarity. Y'all Could do math, but listen, that's about making a more peaceful, less anxious house. Then it has anything to do with being able to predict what an insurance company, what the weather's gonna do or anything like that.


Okay? That's you controlling what y'all can control. And a part of making a non-anxious house for me and my family was I don't want us to owe anybody anything. Right? Right. That was part of John creating that world. He was running towards something versus just away from the thing that could be. And that's what I would tell you is you're, when we talk about baby steps one through three, it is gaz gazelle intensity. Once you're in 4, 5, 6, it's intentionality. And that's a tough move to make when all you know is go, go, go, Dave said, right? And so I would set an in intentional goal with your husband of, Hey, what if we could do this in 40 years? Could we do, that's 40 grand a year? All right. Yeah. Let's commit to that spit shake. We're Gonna commit to that two years. Be bananas, right? Two years If you want 80, could we do 80 grand of and yeah, we could do that.


Whatever that is for you guys. But like John said, do it for the right reason. So I love paying off the house regardless of the interest rate because it's gonna set you guys up for freedom. You can invest that payment. But I would keep your property insurance forever no matter what. Yeah. And just make a sinking fund and do it and say, well we did our good deed for the day. We paid our property taxes. Hopefully it went to something good. We paid our insurance, it covered us. I can sleep better at night knowing my house is gonna be okay. And one last thing I want you and your husband to do This is for all teachers and first responders at night. When y'all have shared meals together, open the meal with five things you're grateful for. Look each other in the eye and say them out loud. 'cause I want us to remember when the world feels like it's burning down around us.


We do have things we can be grateful for. It's a practice. Thanks for the call.


How many times last year did you end up with too much month At the end of the money, even if you're able to stay on top of your bills, there's nothing left over. No margin, no breathing room. You work your butt off, but you still feel broke. And now you're wondering if 2025 will be any different. It can be you are not powerless over your money. When you take control of the things you can control, you will make progress and bring peace back to your home. And we're going to help you on January 23rd. Me and Jade are hosting a free live stream where we will show you how to free up more breathing room this year. Plus when you sign up, you could win $4,000 cash. It's gonna be a blast. Guys go sign up right now. Make this the year you stop getting by and start getting ahead. Register for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Dr. John Delony. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Noelle joins us up next in Dallas, Texas. How can we help Noelle? My question is, am I in the wrong, because I don't wanna go on a spring break trip with my husband and daughter to visit their sick grandma. Ooh, wow. Okay. What's the heart behind it? Yes, you're wrong. I don't, yeah. Is there more context here? Give us more context or is that it? The context is we're in baby step two and we had already invested about $800 to get a plane ticket for just my daughter to go out and visit Grandma.


Grandma has been battling cancer for years and she, she's probably on her last year. And So we definitely wanted her to spend time with her. But that's what the, we had discussed. And then today my husband says, why don't we all go? And I'm just not sure that's the right thing to do. Hmm. So he he's going with her without you to see his mom. It sounds like it. The other, it's so it's his grandma. So my daughter's great grandma. Okay. And the stipulation, I guess that's important is grandma's willing to foot the bill to pay for our tickets. Okay. Can she afford That?


My my other She can. Okay. My she's gotta pay it off house. You know, she's invested well, she's ready to spend her money. It's the end of her life. Okay. But you know, my thing is I'm missing out on an opportunity to earn money when it's spring break. I'm a school teacher and so when, when I'm on break, that's a great time for me to pick up extra jobs and make more money. And my son can still go to daycare, but I am gonna miss out on the opportunity to make money and pay off our debt if we go on this trip. How much are you talk, I mean, how much can you earn in a week? 500, $600. How much debt are you guys in?


We've got 11,000 in a car that should be paid off by March due to cashing out a whole life plan. And then we have my husband's student loans. How much is that? 60,000. Okay. So the current trajectory, when is all this debt gonna be paid off? All 71,000 with your household income? It, If I continue working then in 18 months. Okay. And if you skip this extra week of work, that would've amounted to $500, it would slow it down to 17.7 months.


Yeah. Okay. Well And Noelle, hold on. So I just wanna make sure we like that's really what we're talking about. No, this has nothing to do with that. You're mad at your husband Yes. Because you wanna stay at home and you're having to work to pay off his student loans. Yes. Yes, yes. You have to get to the root of this thing. 'cause on its face, lemme just say you can feel however you wanna feel. Your feelings are yours And you get to do 'em. And there's lots of of spouses that go visit family members that don't want to, but they do it. And if it's grandma's last year of her life and she's offering to pay to fly everybody to say goodbye one more time, then if you can do that, I would say do that.


But you've gotta address your anger. And maybe it's not holy at your husband, maybe it's just life And you love him and you're glad you married him and all this stuff. But it just is what it is. What it is you need, you need to address that because you're creating a life that you're resentful of. Does that make sense? That Sounds, that sounds true. Am I okay? So, okay. I was just gonna make sure I'm not crazy. Like so have that conversation with yourself and with him. 'cause right now for him, he thinks he just figured it out. Oh, we, we can all go and it's gonna be free for us. Got it. I mean, and and, and if you don't wanna go And you need to work and you've already committed spring break's just a few weeks from now, if you've already committed, then say, I gotta commit my commitment.


And if this is the last year, we're all gonna be going back anyway for the funeral, you know, in the next year. So if that's the case, that's the case. But I'd much rather you deal with what's really going on here, which is you're stuck in a situation having to work when you wanna be home with your baby. And it's real frustrating. Yeah. Is that, I mean, tell, tell me I'm bananas. You're not Definitely Think you were able to justify Attention in my body. Yeah, yeah. I can hear it through the phone, man. You're, you've been trying to justify it by going, well, we're in debt, I could make more money. It'll speed it up and we just prove with math that it's 0.3 months of, you know, it's really not about that.


But I, I do think relationships are not convenient. Family is not convenient. Health crises are not convenient. And that's a part of life on the baby steps. And So we would tell you, hey, if this is really important to your family, you might need to just pause and take the trip and let it slow it down by a few weeks and we'll make it up on the backend. But right now, I think you might need to be there for your husband Or the other side. If being around grandma and her family, aunts and uncles are gonna be there, make you sick to your stomach. There's been, they've said ugly things about you, whatever. Then have that honest conversation because it's gonna be bewildering to your husband who doesn't know that you are this against going or you're this frustrated with the life that you're leading and he's not gonna be able to figure out over $400 that you're, or 500 bucks that you may earn over a spring break week.


You know what I mean? Yes, I know what you mean. So I think I need to be honest with myself about where the anger's coming from and have that conversation. There you go. And if you get to the end And you still still don't want to go, don't go. But just be honest about why you're not going. And if every, George, this is kind of epidemic levels of people opting out a family because they're annoying or they're man, sometimes you just go, sometimes you go And you sit by your husband And you sit by your wife And you hold their hand and make sure they're not alone when they're going through a really hard moment. Right. And again, you and I don't know what the grim all meant to him. If, If it's hard for her husband to share this, that hey, here's really what I want you to go.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. What I'm guessing is happening is he sees how stressed she gets and how frustrated she gets when she has to work this extra week and he thinks he just solved it. He's like, oh dude, vacation all expenses, expenses, paid trip expenses, played trip. And I get to see grandma, but we get to go to Texas. And she's like, I hate all of my life. And you, and not really hate, but you know what I mean. So yeah. Sometimes getting to the root of the root of the root of the issue is where we gotta go. Absolutely. Good word. John is in Oklahoma City up next. What's going on John? Hey guys. Hey. Get right to The question. What up? So my question is, I've in baby step two right now, so I drive a beater to 2004.


Chevy Trailblazer has 295,000 miles on it, starting to have them do a lot of repairs on it and everything. Hey John, if I can make, Hey a, a lot of times people call us and say they got a beater and they tell us what they're driving. You actually are. So I applaud your brother. Yeah. Congratulations. It is. You got it for real there, dude. Yeah, it's, it's a show. It's Old enough to drink this year, so there's something to sell, Right? Yeah. Congratulations man. Yeah. So my, my deal, I'm popping, I'm starting to put some more repairs under this, which is taking extra money. I have roughly $80,000 of consumer debt to pay off. And then I'll start maybe step three. But my question is, if I can make this vehicle last through the debt payoff, is it okay to save up some cash to buy a better used vehicle before I start the 36 months of, of expenses?


Yeah. I mean if, if you need to like, you know, repair it, drive it until it can't be driven anymore, but also know it might not have two years left in it. And so I would set up a sinking fund that'll probably slow down your baby steps, but at least it won't be this. Oh my gosh, I gotta go finance a $30,000 car. I had no idea it was gonna explode all, you know, just set aside, you know, 400 bucks a month so that a year from now you got five grand that'll get you another beater to get you through. Probably I'll just set up a sink and find to put, you know, fix some cash here. And like I said, it will slow down my debt pay off. But I do work full time and I do a side gig doing DoorDash on side to make extra money. So good. You're getting it brother. And hey, it'll slow you down, but if you go borrow it, you're gonna go backwards.


And so That's what really slows you down. That's right. And George and I like we, we will all tell you just cautious because man, it's tempting when you get on that lot And you see what you get for five grand And you see what you could get for 10. Gosh, it's so temp, temping, Man. Automatic windows and power steering. Don't tempt him with a good time. Air conditioning. That works always for 15th I'm in right. So's tough, tough. Just make, get that sinking fun and commit to just that being the number Drive like no one else. So later you can drive like no one else, John. You're doing it right man. Hey, the rest of The Ramsey Show is in the Ramsey Network app. That's where we're gonna keep the party going. So download it for free using the link in the show notes or just search Ramsey Network in the app store if you're on radio.


Stay tuned. Everyone else don't miss what's next. We'll see you in the Ramsey Network app.