
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their life, specifically their money, their work, and their relationships. The phone number for you to jump in and get coached up today is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Alongside the Natalie attire. George Kamel. I am Ken Coleman. Excited to be with you. And let's get right to the phones. Christie is up in San Antonio, Texas. Christie, how can we help? Hey guys, I have a convoluted situation here. We like the convoluted ones.


We specialize. That's why we show up for days like today, I was engaged and he declared bankruptcy during the engagement and I had no idea oof how much debt he was in. And we've since separated and he is left me with the house that I can no longer afford on my own. And I'm trying to figure out if I get him back or just try to cut my losses and get rid of the house and just continue with my life. Okay, Hold on. If I get him back, is that what you said? What does that mean? What does that involve? I don't know. We've been, we've been having this like back and forth thing for the last three months since we've been separated.


And I don't know, I just feel like I hate that. Like he kind of left me with all these responsibilities that he committed to with me and Yeah. But Can I tell you this? We were together for so Years, so I'm, I'm glad he did it now as opposed to later. Yeah. This dude is a loser. Yeah. And you know it. So is your name on the house? That's what I'm understanding that you two bought this together. He gave me the down payment. So yeah, it's just mine. Oh, It's all you? Yeah, it's all me. And I'm So only Your name's on the deed. Only your name's on the mortgage? Yeah. Okay. Okay. What's the house worth if you were to sell it today?


Probably like three 10. What do you owe on it? Three 50 plus the for forbearance for the last year. Oh. And what's the mortgage payment? 3000 a month. All Right. And what is your income, your take home every month? Zero. Zero, zero. What? Okay. Yeah, I know. It feels like that should have been a part of the initial information. What, what do you mean zero? Well, I'm back in school. I, I was making 120 a year and got laid off and so now I'm going back to finish my degree. And I haven't had an income technically since, well, my unemployment ended last week, but, so now it's zero.


Christie, Christie, Christie. So first things first, and George, I want you to jump in here because it's hard to, hard to talk budgeting and stuff like that when you have zero income. And I, I know what happened to you. I've, I've counseled so many people like you, who something negative happens in their professional life and then the decision becomes, well, I'm gonna go get a degree. In your case, you never finished your degree. And so you say, well, I'm gonna go finish my degree 'cause it's gonna put me in a better professional situation. Am I right so far? Right. Right. You're right. Except for the fact that at one point you were making over a hundred thousand dollars a year without that degree.


Right. So Christie, we're pressing pause on the education and we're gonna go get a job. I know. Well, the, so the good thing is the house is on Airbnb and I, I'm, I'm supposed to gross 5,000 next month. It's just the operating costs to keep the house afloat are like, Where are you gonna Go to four Grand? No, where are you Gonna live? I know. Well, that's kind of the thing. I'm like technically homeless right now, so I'm very angry with my ex. What do you mean by technically homeless? I am couch surfing, pet sitting, house sitting, doing whatever I have to do, staying at the house when people aren't here Type Of thing. Alright, George, does she, does she sell this house and take the hit?


Yeah, I'm confused. So what happened to his down payment? Well, what do you mean it's, he, he gave me the money for the down payment. So like it went towards the house. So why is the house only worth three 10? But you owe three 50 Because we bought it for 365 and put 3.5% down. So you buy the house for 365 with three, three and half percent down In 2022. So the market was just super hot. And now you're saying the house, the house is worth less than you paid for it by a long shot. Yeah. And I've invested a lot of money into it. Remodeling and all the Things. Yeah. That's what's not making sense. How did you buy it? Yeah, for $50,000 more than it's worth.


And you put a bunch of work into it. I'm just not, I'm not buying this house is worth only three 10 at this point. Yeah. I don't know, honestly. I probably need to get an appraisal, but Who, Who, who told you it was worth three 10 Zillow. Okay, well let's not trust Zillow. Oh, my head is Zillow doesn't know the renovations. Okay. You need to get with a real estate pro. Yeah. Today jump onto Ramsey Solutions dot com. We'll connect you to a real estate pro you can trust to help you through this. But you need to sell this today. And Christie, no Airbnb schemes while you're homeless on the street. This is insane. Yeah. No matter which way you spin it and press Pause on school, please. Yeah.


Okay. Listen, I, first of all, we are, listen, George and I are on your team. We're Team Christie. Team Christie. I got the t-shirt on underneath my shirt. Here. Go Christie. Go. Okay, but if I can be your older brother today, you can fix this. Okay. But the operating, I guess I just thought he was gonna come back, you know? No, he's not gonna come back. He's a loser. I don't want him to come back. Get a job. I said, I'm playing your older brother right now. If this dude comes back tonight, I'm on the front porch going, Hey bro, step off. You're a loser. But, but, but let's forget about the relationship advice. All Right? I, if he comes back and he makes, and he's a changed guy and all that, whatever, but I'm not counting on that.


But he's not gonna fix your financial problems. You don't have a job and you have a house you cannot afford. So regardless of loser guy becoming Prince charming, you still gotta fix those problems. And you have to be intentional with some urgency. Bless your heart. I know you've been through a rough time, but I feel like I'm talking to somebody who's kind of laissez fair about this whole thing. Like, well, I'm just kind of couch surfing right now and I'm, I know, I know. You know, it's like, no, like Christie, like you can fix this. So pause school, sell the house, get with a real estate pro today, George.


Go to our website, Ramsey Solutions dot com. Find somebody local. Say, Hey, I was just on the phone with Ken and George, I'm in a mess. I need a pro to help me sell this house and get me out of this thing. So we get out of that. You get a job, go make six figures again and get yourself right sized. Do you have any other debt or anything else going on financially that we need to be talking about? I mean, just student loan debt from being off and on with school. I'm just worried 'cause I can't drop out again from, from ut or they'll, they won't readmit me. Who cares? So that's the least of your problems. What degree are you trying to pursue that you didn't finish? I'm a software designer by trade. Nobody even, I was just getting a, a bachelor's in design.


Yeah, No, don't, nobody cares. You don't need a degree to win in software design. Yeah, I know. You can go right into that field, work your way up and, and by the way, nobody cares if you went to UT or not. So ut dropping you and not letting you back in is the least of your worries, George. Yeah. Yeah. You should not be sinking any more money and time into this because you are literally homeless. There's a much bigger problem. So Post forbearance program isn't gonna be in my best interest Then. No, these are all shortcuts that are masking what's underneath, which is you have created a house of cards that is quickly falling apart And we need to be drastic about this. Cut the Airbnb ties, get with the real estate pro, list it this week and be done with it.


Have a home. You actually live in rent somewhere for a while. Clean up the financial mess and move on. George, This is why we don't buy houses with people we're not married to. Oh, this is the thousand story on the show of how this can go wrong. I'm so sorry. I gotta get George some Tylenol. I see a headache coming up


These days. Business as usual is anything but tariffs make trade policy a moving target. Supply chains are squeezed and cash flow is probably tighter than ever. So if your business can't adapt in real time, you're in a world of hurt. That's why you need NetSuite by Oracle. Trusted by more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions. You need to see what's happening, what's stuck, and what's costing you and how to fix it. And NetSuite is the number one cloud-based business management suite because it helps your business make the right decisions fast. It brings accounting, financial management, inventory and HR into one place so you're not left shuffling a dozen different spreadsheets that gives you the visibility you need to make quick decisions based on actionable data. And NetSuite AI automates everyday tasks so your team can focus on strategy. It's one system for full control and no guesswork to tame the chaos. And right now, if you're leading a business doing more than a million dollars in annual revenue, download NetSuite's free ebook, navigating global trade. Three insights for leaders at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Let's Go to Alex in Knoxville, Tennessee. Alex, How can we help today? Hey guys, Thank you for taking my call. I'm a big fan of the show. I watch y'all's YouTube videos and everything about investing and stuff, and that means a lot. You all took my call anyways. You bet. So I'm in a very, very, very bad spot and I feel pretty much like nothing at this point. I took out a, so basically my job, I, I work, it's a federal job. I guess I could say it. I work at the United States Postal Service and we lost a lot of our package volume. So I knew that I was gonna have to come up with some more money somehow.


And stupidly, I, I took on day trading and I made like $120,000 in three months, but I took out a $60,000 loan to get that. And long story short, I ended up losing the money and then I took out another loan to try and make it back and lost it too. So now I owe like $6,200 a month in expenses and I make like 4,000 and I'm about to lose my job because I can't afford a delivery vehicle to deliver out of 'cause it's part of the contract and I'm freaking out and my girlfriend cheated on me and I feel like I'm gonna lose her. And I feel like a lame excuse for man, and I, I just don't know what to do anymore.


All Right, well first of all, take a deep breath. Glad you called us. And I want to start with the fact that you're not a loser. You've had some losses and those losses sting, but welcome to the human race. You made some poor decisions and really what you did is you made one bad decision, then you got panicked and you made another bad decision to try to bail yourself out. But I gotta tell you, you're not a loser. And I mean that from the bottom of my heart. This isn't a pep talk, but you're not a loser. I'm sorry about the girlfriend situation. You'll look back on this many years from now and you'll thank God that you didn't go the long haul with her.


So you've got two massive hurts, just absolute a left hook and a right cross and you're spinning. So I'm Still with her. I'm just trying to figure everything out. Well, well, We're not gonna talk about the relationship part right now. I wanna, I want to focus on, on the bigger issue, which is you're a hundred thousand dollars in debt and you might lose your job. Okay. So Yeah, How certain are you that you're going to lose the job? Is this a aone conclusion because you can't afford a car? If, if, I mean, I might be able to get my dad or my grandmother or somebody to help me get a vehicle so that, that's a peace of mind there.


I don't think that they would let me die. I guess. Well, first of all, but you're not gonna die. Okay. We've, we've taken calls George with a lot more debt on the line than, than the hard does. Yeah, there's Not like a bookie coming after you. Is there? Like, are you burying the lead here? I just, I'm just so overwhelmed because of how much underwater I am every month. And I, I've been working like 60 to 80 hours a week for the past five years. And for How much? I've got nothing to show for. What's your income? So last year it was 87,000 and this year it, with the overtime cut, it looks like it's gonna be about 65 or 70.


Okay. And how Old are you? 24. Are are you currently working with The No, overtime. How many hours a week are you averaging? Right now I'm getting like 55. So right now I'm getting about $2,500 every two weeks take home. But that's gonna be gone in about two months. Okay. So like 1800 Vehicle. Okay, so here's some good news, good news. You feel like you can get a vehicle, you feel like you got a family member that can bail you out in the short term to keep this initial job? We wanna do everything we can to keep it, but you're going to have to, you've worked crazy hours before. You're gonna have to work a second job, maybe a third job for the foreseeable future.


And that's all. I just don't know how, 'cause I'm what do you I'm so tired and mentally exhausted. I get it, brother. But guess what I, I, I had, I had my wife and I had three kids under the age of three. I don't wanna hear a young 24-year-old tell me how mentally exhausted he is. I'm just gonna pull that card out. George single moms have stood on this debt free stage many, many times and talked about how much debt they paid off. I'm not knocking or or in any way minimizing how tired you feel. 'cause you've been through a lot emotionally, but you got plenty left in the tank. I, I've just seen people deal with far more than you're dealing with right now.


All Right, here's the good news. You're not married to this woman, All Right? It hurts. No, but you don't have time for a girlfriend right now. There is no way outta this Alex. That's what I'm trying to tell you George. And I don't have a magic piece of advice right now for you to get out of this other than you're going to have to get a, a better job or b get a second or third job to get the income in. So I want you to suspend your disbelief for just a moment. And I wanna bring George in and let's just say that we can get our income back up to that 80,000 or 85,000 where you were before. George, I want you to walk in through, 'cause this is a kid right here who does not believe that he can get outta this thing. Let's go.


Yeah, walk him through what he does to begin to knock this a hundred thousand down. Well, let's talk about what kind of debt this is exactly. So how much debt total? You told us the monthly number. What's the total balance? They're all unsecured loans and one of 'em is $43,000 and then another one is $30,000. But that one's a 22% interest rate. And then I have another one at $14,000 and then I owe my dad $11,700. But I just wanted to briefly touch it. Like I get that I'm not married to that girl, but I have been with her for four years and she's got a 5-year-old son. Like all she knows, you know, so Yeah, but buddy, I feel Like a failure to them.


But Alex. Huh? You're not. Yeah, she cheated on you. This is a separate call. Thank you. And you Told us she's giving up on you. Yeah, we, We don't have time in this call to address that. The bigger issue my friend is your money situation. Okay, George. So Let's let, so you have about a hundred thousand dollars in unsecured debt and who, who gave you these loans? SoFi Bank and City Bank. And they're just all personal loans. Yeah. Okay. So here's the deal. You don't pay them a dime until you've paid your own bills. First, food, utilities, housing, transportation.


So if we look at those areas, how can we cut down on those areas in order to create some margin? Where are you living right now? I, I live with my girlfriend And we rent, it's, it's actually a really, really good situation where we've been there for several years and the rent and utilities together is only $800. It's a little trailer. Okay. I don't know if that, I mean the price point Sure. But the living situation doesn't sound ideal to me. But you make a great salary for a 24-year-old living in Knoxville, Tennessee. Can we agree on that? That if you didn't have debt, you'd have a great life. Yeah, that's all I really want. Have you cut off all access to day trading or any other gambling?


Yes and no. I'm still looking to see if I, I've got $7,000 cash left. I was trying to see if I could find, you know Alex one big No, This is not, this is not Oceans 11. You're not gonna hit the roulette table and strike it rich and, and clean up this mess. You're just gonna dig yourself into a deeper hole. That's what got us into this mess. Would you agree? Is desperation and greed. Yeah. So it's not the way out either. And so you have to cut off access to the thing that ruins your life, which is day trading. Yeah. It's not gonna be the solution. You are the solution. You getting off your butt working 60, 70 hours for the next two years.


That's what's gonna clean this up. So how can we get you making be more than that? What's that? It's probably gonna be more than 60 to 70. 'cause I'm working 55 now. I'm gonna have to work another full-time job just to make payments. Well, or like Ken said, you find a better paying job. Yeah. I don't want you to think that I have to work a hundred hours because I make 25 hours. $25 an hour. Yeah. What are the skills that have caused you to make this money? And how can we find a different job even that can pay more than that? Maybe that's not a government job in the private sector. That's the problem is I, I I never finished school, so I don't have a degree. So anything else looks like less? No, you don't need a degree. You know what you need to do is go get a job in the trades.


They don't care about degrees. If you show up and work hard, you'll make money. But I'm gonna tell you something Alex, I'm really concerned because I'm still hearing a guy who's so beat up that doesn't believe he can get out of this. And George just gave you the, the answer. You don't have to pay all these people right away. You gotta take care of you first. It's unsecured. If it goes to collections, they'll ride it off and they'll lift to fight another day. You're gonna be fine. But I'd get out of this little teeny tiny trailer with this woman who cheated on you too. My goodness. You're staring at failure all day long.


Hey, this is Dr. John Delony for Churchill Mortgage. Good friends, I have bought multiple homes with Churchill Mortgage because they always shoot straight with me. They tell me the truth. So let me shoot straight with you when you're getting ready to buy a home, the first step is not house hunting. It's making a plan. Don't settle for tapping a button and just talking to a bot. I want to encourage you to sit down, down with a guide. You can trust my friends at Churchill Mortgage. They actually see you. They actually care about you and they'll listen and learn your goals. And most importantly, they will tell you the truth. Churchill has loan experts who focus on you and your unique situation. So your journey ends with a home. That's a blessing, not a burden. Churchill Mortgage can even help you become a certified home buyer so that when the time is right and you find the right house, you are ready to make your move. I know the housing market is tough right now. I know, but you probably have more options than you think. Churchill would love to help you figure them out and they'll do it with honesty and integrity. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 n mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


All Right, Brendan is joining us in Boston, Massachusetts. That's George Kamel. Hey, Lincoln. Sick neck of the woods. Love it when George gets to talk to somebody from Boston. Brendan, How can we help today? Hey Ken and George. Hey, Thanks for taking my call. I couldn't have handpicked better folks to kind of talk through my situation with me. Aw, That's good. Nice. Because You didn't get AdChoices. Well, a lot to unpack here, but I know, you know, after following the Ramsey principles to a t should I pay to go back to school and most likely end up taking a pay cut to pursue a new career in my current stage of life. Oh, okay.


I got questions. So which direction are we planning to go that requires you to go back to school? So I'm, I've always been drawn to clinical side of healthcare. I've worked in, you know, on the business side of healthcare for the last 10 years. And you know, I, I woke up one day, I'm like, I'm, this really isn't doing it for me. So I I applied to, to nursing school to eventually become a a nurse practitioner. Okay. And that would require that, you know, to go going back to school, gotta Do it All Right. That always answers my first question. Is it the only way or is it the best way? And in this case, if you wanna be a nurse practitioner, it's the only way, which means it's the best way.


So we know that part. Now you said you followed the Ramsey plan and so does that tell us that you've got the money saved up for school to be able to cashflow? What's that gonna do? What's income and paying for school look like? Yeah, yeah. So we've been planning for this. It's been a long application cycle. So we have, you know, all the money saved for, it's a pay out of pocket. Great. We've been kind of planning for all this the last couple years. Who's we? My wife and I. Perfect. And what's her income? Gimme your combined income right now? Yeah, annual household income is 325,000. Oh, Awesome. How much of that is yours?


Just about half of it. So You're, you're both in that one 50 range? That's right. Okay. A little bit more. Yeah. Okay. And, and then you saved up the money to go. So I'm not hearing anything. I got no flags yet, George. So will you be able to continue to work while you're going to school or is this a I gotta be full-time. It's an accelerated program, so they really encourage full-time. So I, I was planning to go full-time. All Right. Have you guys budgeted for that slashing of your income by, by a half. We have. We, we are, we, we have a 2-year-old now and a and a new baby on the way.


So we've been saving for what we anticipate daycare costs to be. So we should be able to do it. And so how long is the accelerated program? It's 18 months to become a nurse and then it's another 18 months part-time to become a nurse practitioner. Alright. So can you work after the first 18 months, will you be able to be employed as a nurse and start making money again? Yes. Okay. Again, I don't see any flags, George. Yeah. You guys have done your homework, you know, the co the cost, you've made sure that your family can afford this major life change. And I think it's a great goal. I mean, my brother is a nurse practitioner in Boston and I don't think there's anything else he'd rather be doing.


So it's an awesome field. You are gonna get. You're, you said you mentioned this pay cut are you talking about in the interim until you get back into work? That's right. Yeah. I, what I'm seeing is, you know, starting salaries for, for nursing is, you know, in this area anywhere from like 70 to 80 K for new grads. You know, with me making one 50 k now it feels, you know, silly to pay out of pocket to go back to school to then also be taking a pay cut and, you know, I That's Once you're an np, what, what will you be making? Yeah. Probably closer to what you're making now and eventually more. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. Probably close to it. So this Is not a long term pay.


That's right. And it's what you wanna be doing. 'cause would you be miserable three years from now if you were in the same position you are today doing the work you're doing? Oh yeah, yeah. I'm already miserable right now. And could you live off of two 50 household income instead of 3 25 if you were doing what you loved? Definitely. Yeah. I think we have our answers. Yeah. I mean, Brenda, I'm not kidding you. And, and when I used to have the Ken Coleman show, George, this would've been a textbook answer for what I would've given to somebody to actually make a transition. And Brendan, you've done it and Very few are willing to do it and have done the work. Yeah. The fact that you guys have saved up money for that bridge between going back to school and getting hired and in 18 months, so it'll be 36 months you'll be back to where you are financially if not more.


And very, very happy you've done this by the book. Everything you just answered is exactly what I would tell somebody on how to transition. If you're gonna take a temporary pay cut and you guys have adjusted your lifestyle, I say bravo, George. Yeah. And this is one of those situations, Brenda, where on paper, you're right, it doesn't make sense on paper mathematically. Yeah. But money isn't everything. Once you have some, and you guys have put yourself in a position where you have the money to cashflow all of this, to not be in crippling debt at the end, you have a great income even without you working. And so that makes me feel a lot of peace about this. Very rarely are all the boxes being checked. And so you've got all green lights from Ken and I, I would Only disagree with you on one thing, George, I do think this makes sense on paper.


This whole plan makes sense. Well he's saying if I lose the income, we're gonna cut the income in half. Once I am working again, I'll be not making what I was making. So he's going, this doesn't make sense, But only for short term. Exactly. So the way I'm looking at It is that after that first 18 months, I'm not going, why did I do all this to be making less money? That's the first part of the 18 months, 18 more months later you're making the same amount if not more. Correct. Right. That's right. So bro, this is a three year plan to be doing something you love and you're gonna be making the same amount of money if not more. That to me is wise. So I was having a little fun. Of course. I don't disagree with you on that. Sure. But this to me, But the short term plan on paper is Well Yeah, but again, you're, you're taking the necessary steps to where this isn't actually going backwards.


This is just intentionality. Yeah. Even though it feels like you're going backwards, you're really not. It's part of a long-term plan. And I think you're gonna be thrilled. And I can't, I can't praise you enough. I'm, I'm not kidding you, you're the poster child for how to change careers And having been on the business side, I think that's only gonna help you Oh, in this next chapter. That's a great point. And accelerate your experience and your income. Who wouldn't want to hire a guy who understands all sides? Question for the, yeah. Thank you George. And question for you both, you know, just similar situation. Like I'm a, I'm a young dad, I know you guys both have kids. Any advice on how to deal with sort of the guilt piece of it? Of, you know, investing in myself to go back to school when you feel like you should be pouring into your, you know, nuclear family unit?


I love this question Brendan. You're such a good dude. It's, it's funny 'cause it's like only good dads ask this Question. It ask this question. Yeah. And can I just say this, your kid is gonna be so young, he's not gonna remember any of this. And so the answer is there's nothing you're pouring into the guy except milk. And that's coming right back out bud. Yeah. You Know that. So you just, you are being a great dad by doing all of this while he's so young or she so young. Whatever your situation's gonna be. And you're gonna be a much better father when the time comes to actually pour into them because you're not miserable.


They get a picture of what it looks like for a guy who didn't settle. Yeah. Yeah. Imagine doing what you're doing now. You're already miserable. You think that wouldn't impact you driving home 10 years from now, the kids 10, 10 years of age. No, You, you're right. I know. No, you're Right. Yeah. It, it already does. Exactly. So you're actually doing the right thing because a healthy you gives that child and your children a chance to be healthy. And the best part is when you are home, you're gonna be so present. That's Right. Yeah. 'cause you know you're gonna cherish those moments. That's it. So I'm proud of you, man. What can I ask what this whole program costs the accelerator program from RN to Yeah. Np.


Yeah. Yeah. So the accelerated portion is right around 40 and then the, it's all in-state tuition and then the next portion of It is right around 30. So all in right around 75. Fantastic. That's Not bad. Not bad. And you know what's interesting, George and Brendan, I'm telling you, and George will back me up on this. You're gonna come out of this program and you're not even gonna feel good about what you've done. You're gonna realize that you're the only one who paid cash and you're gonna be so light, you're gonna be floating through the hallways. You're gonna be the weirdest guy in the office. Yeah. While everybody else is drudging around in those medical, what do you call 'em? Scrubs. Yeah. But no, the shoes that are the Crocs. Oh, the Crocs. I can't do the Crocs.


Oh yeah. It's the only reason I'm not a doctor. Yeah. Only Reason. I know. I know. In fact, if I see a doctor or a nurse with Crocs, I don't


Trust me. When you go through a job loss or job change and lose your employer sponsored health insurance, there's no better time to try Christian Healthcare Ministries. That's right. There's another option besides Cobra, to take care of your family during that time. Because if you didn't know, the cost of Cobra has gone up a lot in the past few years. And CHM is an affordable, biblically based alternative to health insurance. So do your own research. The CHM is a great option. That's potentially a third of the price of cobra. It's a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And the support you get from CHM goes beyond helping you pay for medical bills. Members become part of a family that prays for them when they have a medical event. Try getting that with Cobra. So if you're going through a job loss life change or just wanna explore other options to save on healthcare, CHM might be perfect for you. Ch m programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


All Right, George, it's time to talk about protections. You know, you love talking about protections. You know, you're the guy who knows more about insurance than anybody else. I can't find my sheet. It's Against m George. Do you Have the sheet? I, Here's the thing, here's why we're talking about there It is. Couldn't have been more obvious by the way it said coverage checkup right there on the paper. Ken is he's, he's hooked on phonics today. That's Right. So when you're tackling debt, you're building wealth. People often forget about one of the most important steps to reaching those goals, which is insurance. Having the right coverage as opposed to having too little too much can impact how long it takes to get there. You gotta have the Goldilocks level of insurance skimping on it might seem like you're saving, but when life happens, very dangerous situation, you can easily fall back into debt and put yourself out there very exposed with a lot of liability.


Question For you. Do you find that people are overcovered more often or undercovered? Which one do you see? They're undercovered unless undercover. Unless they fell for a really terrible insurance product. Okay. That was sold to them as something they needed like whole life insurance. Okay. If they have that, they got sold to terrible policy. Most people are underinsured. In fact, this is no joke. Right before the show I was on the phone with my insurance. Oh yeah. I'm not surprised By this. Oh, Xander. She's great. This is real life, George. Yeah. I don't wanna give her the name. 'cause then people will be calling her saying, Hey, I want to And What were you doing? What were you doing? You checking the Coverage. I have a, I have a roof claim right now. Oh, situation. Hail, hail damage. Yep. It might need to be replaced. And so she's so helpful working with the, the field adjusters from the insurance company.


Oh yeah. The realtors, everyone. So she's just the best.


So the right insurance will act as a shield around your loved ones, around your wallet, around your wealth. If disaster strikes. In some cases it can even save you money for paying too much for bogus ones like cell phone insurance. And one of my favorite things to do is send people to our coverage checkup tool. It's a free online resource. Creates a personalized insurance action plan that's unique to you and your situation. And if you think, why would I wanna take a coverage checkup? Well, I helped a friend of mine. I said, Hey, what, what are you paying for your insurance? She told me and I was flabbergasted. Mm. And so she took the coverage checkup and got in touch with an insurance pro, a broker who was sourcing the best deal among many different companies, ended up saving her over a thousand bucks a year with one phone call. But she was then flabbergasted with Better coverage than she had. Yeah. So one reason to do It is it's gonna free up a whole bunch of margin in your budget. So go check it out. Wow. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. Take the coverage checkup or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


Gotta Tell you a great usage of a word there. You know, flabbergasted is, it's, it's, you don't even, I don't even know what it means, but everybody knows what it means. It's up there with gobsmack. For me, I like a good gobsmack usage as well. Thank you. That's, that's one. Nobody knows what that means either, but if your gob has been smacked, then something significant has happened. It's a big deal. It's A, that's all I know. Big deal Michael. Sometimes folks, I'm gonna confess George and I are just entertaining ourselves and if you get something out of it, great. You're likely not though. You probably aren't. Michael is up in Sacramento, California. Michael, how can we help? Hey fellas, how you guys doing today?


Well, We're having a little too much fun. Much fun. I hear it. So my question is, me and my wife are in a lot of debt. We're trying to do the snowball, but the problem is we aren't making enough to make minimums as It is. We have our house expense, our credit card expense and everything that comes with five kids. So my question for you today is, would it be smart for me to go into collections on a select few of credit cards and then in a year after we paid off a lot of them start saving to call the collections agencies and pay off of what I actually owe?


Well, you may have to call the cell phone company first. I don't know if you paid bills broke up up Bill on that. Huh? Talk a little bit closer to the phone or get in a good spot. You're Wanting to intentionally stop paying on your debts. Have 'em Go to collections and go I'll worry about it later. And try to negotiate. Yeah. Basically. 'cause I can barely make the minimums on my debt. Well, it's a terrible solution to an already terrible problem. So the the better question is how do we get our income up and our expenses down in order to create some margin? 'cause these debts are not gonna go away. All that's gonna happen is it'll destroy your credit. The debts are still there and then the companies will come after you probably sue you and you'll end up in court trying to fight this.


And you're probably gonna end up paying more than what you owe after all the fees are incurred. Yeah. Michael, How Michael, quick question. How, how old is your oldest child? My oldest is 19. 19. Okay. This is perfect. I want you to flip the question that you just gave George and I, and I want you to picture your son coming to you and saying, Hey dad, I committed to do this, this, this and this. I don't have any time. I got no time. I'm over committed. Can I just like ghost all these people that I committed to? What do you think dad? What, what would you say to him if he threw a scenario like you threw at us or my version I just gave to you?


What would you say to your 19-year-old? I'd probably say that's not the best idea. Why is it not the best idea? Because if you basically, if you're committing to these people, then your, your, your word is your bond and you need to figure it out and figure out how to take, get it taken care of with all the people that you've committed to. Great answer. I agree with you. And I think there's one other thing that, and I think you'll agree with me on this one. I think the other reason you'd give your son that advice and, and the reason that you believe that's the right advice is because he wouldn't learn anything at all if he just ghosted everybody and just did a clean slate. Am I right or am I wrong? No, you're you're absolutely right.


So I'm not trying to be cute, I'm just trying to help you understand that that's essentially what you just brought to George and I and if you do this, it's the easy way out. It's not really easy. It's gonna be a nightmare dealing with it. But that's what I'm hearing and I just, I hope that helps you. It is not who you are, man. You signed up for this stuff. Your word is your bond and I think that you wouldn't learn anything if you went this route. Not to mention it's not as easy as you think. I think we're talking to a guy with his back against the wall and you're going, Hey man, this is, this is all I got left. This is the only card I have left to play. And we believe in Michael maybe more than Michael believes in Michael right now.


So let's talk through the actual numbers and see if we can find a different solution here. What is your household income? So we are making about 68 to 70,000 a year. Okay. And what is the total debt balance for consumer debt? Non-mortgage? 75,000. Okay. And what is your mortgage payment? Every month We rent. Okay. What's your rent every month? Way too much. 'cause I live in California, it's about $3,200. Okay. Well for a family of seven that feels reasonable. In California, I've seen prices of with the same house around 27.


Are you Double income or one income? We are one income. I, I work full-time at a machine shop. My wife works part-time at a our, our church. Can she bump up her hours or get a better full-time job? She, as at this point we are hoping she doesn't have to, she homeschools our kids. And I didn't ask you that. You sound like a politician on a Sunday morning show. I'm saying can she get a full-time job at the church or a better full-time job for a season of life to help dig you outta this? I would say at this point no. 'cause daycare would be too expensive.


We don't have any friends or family members that can watch the littles Not near us. Not, not close enough. And the church doesn't have a daycare. Not during the week. Okay. Well if she, she's working full time, she could go get a full time job that, that can cover the childcare and give you guys some margin. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that might be the solution. You guys gotta get more income, brother. Well, I'm, I'm working on that now. I, I work 66 hours a week and I have a second job. What's Keeping you guys in this specific area of California? Nothing. I wanna leave, but my wife doesn't want to.


For what reason? We live in a really nice small town and it's A town you Can't afford it. It is really, It's over half your take home pay every single month. Yeah. She's not gonna have a house soon. If we don't do something drastic, She's not gonna get to do homeschool and everything else. This is a real serious marriage conversation. I think we need to come to Jesus meeting tonight with the wife and she's gonna have to choose reality and either she's working full time And we create some margin here to clean this mess up. Or I think we're gonna have to look at other options, which means public school, downsizing, anything we can do to cut the expenses and increase the income.


That's your only way outta here. Not defaulting on the debts.


Switching banks can be a hassle and I totally get that. But when Winston, I opened up our Fairwinds account, we were shocked by how quick and easy it was. It just took a few minutes online, we didn't have to block off an entire afternoon or track down paperwork. And the next day we got a personal call from a Fairwinds specialist just checking in. I couldn't believe it when I answered my phone and I was talking to them. I was like, y'all are the nicest people. Now. If you're working hard to save money, get outta debt and build a future, you should have a bank that supports that. Not fights it. That's why I recommend Fairwinds. They created the smart checking and savings bundle specifically for Ramsey fans. Plus they have a great app and you have access to over 33,000 fee free ATMs and more than 5,000 shared credit union branches across the country. So you can have access and withdraw your money just like you're used to no matter where you live. Don't settle for a bank that slows down your progress. Make sure you choose one that helps build you up and helps you win with money. Visit Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey and open your smart bundle today. Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey Fairwinds Dot org slash Ramsey Fairwinds is federally insured by the NCUA.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help America win with their money, win in their profession and win in their relationships. The phone number to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. He put the bomb in bomber jacket. George Campbell Too soon. Ken, too soon. We got a lot going on in the world today. I shouldn't even worn a bomber jacket. Oh, I didn't even I didn't see you doing that. I was Wow. Well played sir. He stepped right in. Right in it. Right in it folks. That's why I like being with him. He's quick folks. You should see him on a skateboard. He's even quicker. That's actually true. I'm m Ken Coleman alongside of course, the man.


The myth, not quite the legend. Yeah, let's not go that far. George Kamel. He's got a long way to go. He's too young. I am a mythical folklore type creature under a bridge. You are, you are. Yeah. You gotta pay the troll toll. Yeah, you're like a modern day hobbit. Thank you. Yeah. Very cool. Add that to my Instagram guy. Did you get a fresh haircut? I did. I thought I'm hosting with Ken Coleman today. You got the high and tight. Let's put our best foot forward. Yeah. What, what clipper what length are they doing right there? I think he's doing a, A two. A two. That's pretty tight as I see. Oh, you can see it on camera? Yeah. Thank you. The angles guys got the white walls there. I like it. Whoever was listening is no longer listening. No, but they're, they're, they're fine. They're here for that. They wanna know George. Okay. Ali, I guess. Is it Ali or Ali?


I'm not sure. We'll go with Ali. We'll try. I never know. I'm hooked on phonics usually. Here we go. Ali? Yes, it's Ali. Oh, Great. I got it right. Boy, I was nervous there. One L could go both ways. It could, It could. How can we help today Allie? Well, my, we can delve into the, I guess the details, but my main question is I'm in my fifties. My mother is 80 ish, almost 81. My main question is, as her only child, am I responsible moving forward, trying to save for my own retirement to take care of her financially because she has spent most of her life making bad decisions for herself.


No. Okay. What Makes you think you are responsible? Because I'm her, Like I said, I'm her only child and I Is She putting a little bit of this on you? A little bit of passive aggressive guilt. Take care of mom. Little bit. I had a feeling Little bit. She made a comment not too long ago about when she's outta money, it will quote unquote be on me. That's not even passive. That's just straight aggressive. No. Right. Was she Half joking or was she dead serious? I I think she was serious kind of with a smile like, I know you'll take care of me kind of thing.


And she's, she's a I'm so sorry. Fe Ally. I'm sorry. Because lemme tell you something. Well, here's what I don't want to skip over. That's a really unfair and really heavy weight to, to put on somebody. Yes It is. And I'm sorry. Thank you. And I'm not making her out to be awful. No, she, mom, I wanna honor your mom. She's a great mom. She a wonderful mother. Mom. She's terrible with money. Exactly. Yeah. Not your problem. Right. Okay. So you can honor her without agreeing with her, without funding their decisions. Indefinitely, without enabling financial misbehavior. And so I wanna free you from that, that that is not your responsibility.


Morally, ethically, legally. If you want to help her and you have the ability to help, you can do so. Right. Here's the big question. So it's two-parter. A have you told her, mom, it's not my responsibility, these two clowns on the radio and podcast and YouTube told me, they told me it's not. And I agree with 'em. A have you told her that it's not your responsibility and that you're not going to, and b, if you haven't, and when you do tell her, does she have any kind of means by which to change her behavior at this late in the game to where she's not a burden for the state, since she's not gonna be a burden for you.


Right. I don't think, I haven't sat her down and said, look, you know, you can't do this anymore because I am not going to fund you. I can't, I have two jobs. Right. You know, I'm trying to put away from my own retirement. You're Trying to break a cycle. I am breaking this cycle. Don't you Think you but hey listen, and we're we're team ally. You know this. Yes. Don't you think you should talk to her soon? Talk. Oh, I'm sure I should. The the comment that I made to her after she told me it was going to be on me was, what do you want me to do? Get three jobs? That's kind of what I told her.


Well, But again, that was, we're both playing this passive right game. Exactly. Passive. Yes. So second question. Yeah, my second question, what's the answer to that? She has i, me, well, she gets 20 ish, 2200, 2400 Social security. She sold her condo two years ago. Moved in and, and for a profit, moved in with me and my adult children and the profit, I think it was around 150, she paid off some credit cards left with a hundred. And that's all gone. Where where do you mean it's gone? It's, she spent it on Food Q qvc.


No, she's not really a huge I know that was terrible. That was, yeah, I know that that was, that was such a stereotype. Ageism comment. I, I apologize to the audience, but was funny. It's fine. People laughed in the lobby. She likes big stuff. She is, I always call her champagne taste on a beer budget. I know her and I know her well And I love her. Like I said, I love her. So she's living with you right now? She is. Oh, That feels like a problem. This is And she is got, yeah. And then since two months after, a couple months after we, she moved in with me and sold her condo. She developed AFib. Oh. So she's battling, you know this, this heart thing.


She's got, she's got heart issues and heart failure. And then that makes me feel even worse. Like, I'm not gonna take care of That. So she piled up a bunch of debt or she just spent all of her cash? She, she spent her cash. She piled up another maybe 40 or fifties worth of credit card debt. And now she has filed for bankruptcy and also hired an IRS attorney to get her out of the 17,000 IRS debt that she has as well. Wow. Ayyy. So how much debt does she have remaining? So she wants nothing. She just has her, the only thing she has left after all of her credit cards and stuff is her car, which she owes about $8,000 on.


Does she even drive anymore? She does. Hmm. She's, you would, if you could see her. She, she doesn't act 80. Look 80. She drives, she plays bridge. She Goes, oh, I know. She's, she acts like a 16-year-old girl living the endless summer it sounds like to me. Yeah. And I want her to do those things. I don't want her, you know, I want her to get out and, and get some fresh air and, and this and that. But her heart issues now have made it really difficult for her to even walk up the stairs and stuff. All Right, George, so what what, what does she do here? Well, she's already living with you. You're not gonna evict your mother and put her out on the street so you no signed up to have her live with you and take care of her. So your only option is to go mom, She does pay rent.


Yeah. You're going Mom? Yeah, I'm gonna take control of your finances. This 2200 is gonna come through me and it's gonna pay for the expenses. And you, you're gonna have your own little budget and it's not gonna be much, there's gonna be no spending in your future. It's gonna be survival because this is the life that you set up. And so if she's under your house, she's under your rules. Yeah. That's how it goes. But in no way, shape or form do you try to help her with her debt? Her debt will die with her if I'm correct, George. Yeah. And so don't you get sucked into that? That's don't help her Pay off Her debt. No, not at all. You're a good mom ally and you keep focusing on you getting financially healthly for you and your family.


Statistics Show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's A gut punch. And oh, You're telling me. And for, for decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse. They've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here and you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options and term take care of your dad. Gum, family, man. Term life insurance can replace income, pay off debts, cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's Exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying I love you to your family. Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xandr Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally. For 25 years, they're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


All Right, let's Go to Bill in Phoenix, Arizona. Bill, how can we help you today? Hi, Thanks for taking my call. My question is this, whether I should gift or loan or not provide any money at all to help my 33-year-old son and his family buy a house? They're planning to move. I don't have a problems with that. They're, they are in an existing house, but where they move to, they're gonna have to buy another house. House prices are a little bit higher, and he has asked whether I'd be willing to contribute money to either increase his down payment that would lower his mortgage amount, so it would be a little bit more comfortable for him to, to afford.


He's never given me an exact amount. He's floating the idea of anywhere from 50,000 to a hundred thousand dollars. I can afford it, but I'll be 69 in a few months and I'm gonna retire at the end of this year. And so my gainful income will end my gainful employment ends. So this really comes down to whether it's a personal question, whether I should contribute any money at all. I don't view this as an emergency situation for him on it, but it would certainly make the, the transition for him much easier. Okay.


Has he been, has he been responsible adult with money? Oh, Yes. Okay. He's been responsible. Has he ever asked for money before from you? No. No. Okay. And if, if you had not called us and you weren't talking to us about it, you couldn't talk to anybody about it, what is your gut telling you to do? I want to help him out in some respects. I know that I'm saying, but, But not, not at the level that he wants. And my gut feeling is I'm not interested in loaning becoming a lender good to him.


Great. I don't, I I think lending money to family members creates a whole set of problems. You're right. We would agree. Yeah. So let me put you on the spot just for fun. Yeah. Okay. Because there's no pressure here. But I love your answer. But my next question is, if, again, you couldn't talk to us or anybody else, and you, 'cause we now know you said I'm, I'm leaning towards giving him some money. What do you feel comfortable in your spirit, in your gut giving him money? How much? Well, how much? Yeah. Well, you know, the, the thing is, is I would feel comfortable with 25. I would probably go maybe as high as 40, 45.


Okay. So why, tell me why, tell me why you're comfortable with 25, but you're willing to go as high as 45. Probably, because I love him. Right. But the reason is the 25, you feel like psychologically you can absorb that gift you give that never Oh, clearly, yeah. Okay. Yeah. I, I'm just digging around. I want George to jump in, but I I just wanted to ask those questions because you're, I appreciate you calling us and saying, what do you guys think? But George, I, I think this is a personal decision and Bill's a very, very wise person and seems like the son is very responsible. He is never asked for money before.


I'll add this and then I wanna get George's take. George, I, part of me thinks that the sun could wait. There's always a better option. And I know that as a son, I would only Go to ask my dad for money in this situation if it was the last resort. Yeah. That's me personally. That's not casting, you know, aspersions on Bill's son here, but that's just where I fall. What are you hearing? What do you need to know? What are your thoughts? I think Bill is asking all the right questions. He's given the right answers. The questions I have are more on the sun side as what is causing the urgency for a house right now that they can't afford? Well, you know what? There really isn't any urgency.


I mean, he's, he's accepted a new job, increase in pay, but they wanna move out of the Phoenix area. They're going to be moving up to a cooler climate. And, and I'm all for that. I've never held any of my, my kids back. If that's where they wanna go, you know, so be it. It's just that, you know, where he's moving to. That housing market is a little tighter and a little bit more expensive. He will have a house to sell in Phoenix and he'll, and he has some equity. It's just that for his family and their growing size, they want, they need a bigger house.


And, but none of the, these are all choices that he's making and they're not really what I call an emergency. I've always been there for my, for my family, for emergency situations. Well, Is he, does he have any consumer debt right now? You know, I don't know that he, but he, they're very fiscal. He and his wife are fiscally responsible. Okay. So, And they have an emergency fund of their own. So this is not you Yes. Bail bailing him out. Yes, they do. So Quick follow. Correct. Yeah. Am my understanding that if he has a house in Phoenix, is he trying to hold onto the house in Phoenix and then make the move or, 'cause if he's got, if he's got equity in his current house in Phoenix, is that a not enough equity to help him make a really nice down payment as they move up north?


That that's correct. Is is they, he, he anticipates that he would probably have about 150,000 profit, you know, after paying office mortgage and, and that he'd have 150,000 profit and he is got another 25,000 in savings. So he can put $175,000 down, But he wants another 50 to a hundred on Top of that. Yes. Because, because he has an idea where he wants his mortgage to be, that, that would allow him to get it comfortable with that payment. It doesn't sound like you're 25. No. Gonna, I'm 69. No, No, no.


I know you're 69. I'm saying you're 25,000 that you feel comfortable with, Like, that's not a make or break. That's not gonna make that big of a difference. The 45, 50 To a hundred, sure. That's gonna move the needle Mortgage payment. So you're, I guess what I'm getting at is your max dollar that you stretch give, which is 45,000 even, that's not gonna make that big of a thing. And so I think the son needs to wait or needs to be patient there, or he needs to find another way. Is what I'm Hearing. That's been my gut this whole time. This is less about you and how much you're gonna give and more about, is this the wises situation for him? Again, he's a grown man. He can do what he wants. And to that, I would say give however much you feel comfortable giving.


And it's up to him what he does. And I see this as an early inheritance. Yes. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah. And, and that is, you know, one thing that, that my wife and I were thinking about this morning is, is, is, and I don't know what the dollar amount would be, but we thought about, well, rather than increase, giving him money to increase his down payment is to see if we can contribute money that he can buy down an interest rate. Yeah. It's, it's generally not worth it to buy down the points. You're better off just giving him that money for the down payment at that point. I know interest rates are high and it feels like a win. You can do, you know, break even analysis on all that and figure it out.


But we found in our experience, it just, the numbers rarely work out. I see. So I would, I would give what you're comfortable giving and I would also caution him to not overbuy and, you know, get starry-eyed with the kind of house that they're looking for. They might need to wait, they might need to look at a different neighborhood. They might need to scale back on the type of home they were looking at. And Bill, I'll throw this out here. When Stacy and I moved our three kids here 11 years ago, we rented for two years just because we wanted to make sure that, 'cause I felt like we Wired to be at Ramsey Solutions for a long time, and that's proven to be true. And I wanted to make sure that we were planting in the right place within the Williamson County area.


And so we rented for two years. It's not a bad play, George. Yeah. If he's getting a pay raise and he rents for a year or two and they continue saving up the down payment and maybe you gift on top of that, I feel much better about the situation. Can I ask what your net worth is or what's in the nest egg? My net worth is just below 2.3 million. Okay. And how much do you have in that you could, you know, make liquid? Well, this, I don't wanna make liquid. I mean, I, I would give him the money out of, out of our high yield savings account. I don't want to be cashing in Investments. That's A taxable event. How much do you have in cash? About 150.


Okay. So this feels more emotional than It is financial. He could give more if he wanted to, but I think Yeah, but I, I, I don't know Where I like where your head's at, Ben. Okay, good. 'cause I was gonna say, I, I like how you answered, you're pretty clear on that 25 to 45 range being, and I'd stick to that Any more than that. He's gonna get resentful and I wouldn't do it.


Yeah. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All Right. We all know this. The world is going bananas and we're under huge pressure to perform and look like we're keeping it all together. Check this out. 76% of people globally agree that mental healthcare can help resolve personal problems. Yet six outta 10 people still believe that society discourages people from asking for help. Listen to me, real strength, I'm talking real bravery comes from opening up about what you're dealing with and then doing something about it so you can be your best for yourself and for everyone else that you care about. If you're feeling the weight of the world world, please talk to someone, anyone a friend, a loved one, a family member, or a therapist. I see a therapist every week. If you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule to get started. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time and it's easy and it doesn't cost any extra money. Talk it out with BetterHelp visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp HE p.com/


All Right, folks, we so much appreciate all of you who are part of this fun, fun tribe and listening and watching, however, and wherever you listen and watch. And we would love for you to share the show. It's how we grow, you know, the old algorithms, and we've got a great way for you to share it with some actual value. How about the fact that we have our crack production team? They're amazing. They have put together an awesome Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist. So think about your fundamental financial class, the way we would teach it, if you will. And people say you listen to this Ramsey Show. What are you talking about? Hey, let me just share this with you. And you can share the link, which is at the top of the show notes, or you can open the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube and you can text it, DM it, send it in a group chat.


It's all super easy and clickable. And this is, again, all the basics. What are the baby steps? How do you pay off debt using the debt snowball? How do you build an emergency fund? How much do we need in the emergency fund? All the basics for somebody who's not tied into all this, and you really want them to begin to think through and use the principles that we teach. It's the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist, again, at the top of our YouTube channel. Or you can click the link in the show notes. Annabelle is up in Austin, Texas. Annabel, How can we help today? Hi, I am a baby, baby, baby because this is the very first month I've ever actually Hey, Annabell.


Annabel. Annabel, I'm so sorry to interrupt. You're coming through real, real fuzzy. Can you maybe move the phone a little bit closer to your mouth? Okay. Is that better? We'll go with it. It's hard to hear you a little bit. Okay. But let's try, go ahead. All Right. I'm really new at this. I'm a baby. This is the very first month I'm actually having been losing my credit card, so, All Right. I'm gonna put Annabelle on hold because I, I wanna do her justice and I, I know that I'm having a hard time understanding her. I know our audience is as well. Let's Go to Laura in Philadelphia. Laura, how can we help?


Hey, I'm a single mom and I have three kids. My oldest is going into high school. I work in marketing and I've gotten laid off twice in the last five years. Oh, I have, yeah, I have a job now. Okay. Okay, great. But I have a fully funded emergency fund and contribute 6% for my 401k. My question is, because my field is so volatile, should I switch baby steps so that I pay off my house first rather than going to the 15% for retirement and working on college? Wow. So you're investing 6% now, is that all you can invest?


Do you have any money beyond that? No. Okay. Do so that to me is the bigger issue because you have no debt other than your mortgage, correct? Right. Yes. What's your mortgage payment Every month? 2000. And what is your take home pay every month? About 9,000. Okay. You have a great income. Now let's talk about this volatility. And I want Ken to speak into this. Marketing is not a volatile industry. So what is the industry that you're saying is volatile? Well, I work for private companies. There's a lot of churn. You know, I don't know, I, it's just, there's always been a lot of churn and I've seen like a lot of, like, are These like startup companies?


What do you, what's behind this? I, I kind of work in the digital space for like digital marketing. Is that, are you working for agencies? No, I've worked in-house at like a larger corporation and then I moved to a startup and I got laid off at both. Okay. Well, but here's the deal. Yeah. I, I, I think I know what's going on. And I love George's question. I I think you're naturally a little bit gun shy and you're a little bit scared because you've been burned. Yes. One, listen, first of all, layoffs happen. And that happens many times at really big companies.


'cause you know how they do, they staff up when the stock is good or profits are great. Yes. And then they, they, they let people go when the stock drops. And that sounds by the way you're reacting what happened to you on one of those situations. The other situation is a startup. So to me that's, that's the risk. It's always a risk when you Go to work for a startup. It's the reason they call 'em startups. So George, I I'm gonna give it back to you 'cause I think what's going on here is just a natural fear of getting burned again. Yeah. And to simply answer your question, no, you shouldn't focus on paying off your house and skip investing. And it sounds like you couldn't even do that if you wanted to. 'cause right now you're not investing 15%.


And I'm confused because you have an amazing income. So what are your monthly expenses? Well, I've been, I've been, I've been stockpiling my emergency fund because I am terrified. So I have a How much do you have? Like one year? I have a hundred thousand. What do you have a year of emergency fund for? Are you scared of another layoff to where you're not gonna get a job for six to eight months? Yes. Yes. All Caps. Yeah. Yes. And it's, so I am very high like in my field. And so the jobs are so limited. And also because I'm a single mom, I want a remote job. And those are so limited. So I'm trying to find, like, It is just, it takes, it's a very long process to Sure.


Get a job and, But your job is stable now. There's no fear of layoffs. Yes. No. Okay. No, but I, but I've felt that before. Well, The longer you stay in this job, the more that fear will start to dissipate. Yeah. So that's the good news. But I would, you're, you're good on the emergency fund. Let's move on and crank up that investing to 15% and then if you wanna throw some money into a 5 29 plan for each of the kids, I would do that. Yeah. Set a goal. Maybe it's, you know, 200 bucks a month for each kid. You can use investment calculators, you can work with a smart ster pro. You can get in touch with one through our website and go, okay, how much will I need per kid based on their ages? Or can I start to cash flow some of this?


Can I talk to the kids about a college plan? Do they want to go, where do they want to go? What degrees do they wanna pursue? I would start having that conversation With your high school or now? Yeah. To develop a plan. Okay. And then beyond that, if you have money outside of that with this take home pay, start chunking some toward the mortgage, extra toward the principal. Okay. Maybe you decide to do, Hey, I'm gonna do a thousand bucks per month. I'm gonna ratchet it up every year. If I get a raise, I'm gonna ratchet it up. And then as the kids exit their college phase, you're gonna have even more to throw at the mortgage. 'cause you won't be cash flowing it. Okay. And just a little bit more security if we could, Laura, I think you're probably way better off than you realize. I got a hunch. How much is your house? How much could you sell your house for?


And and how much do you owe on it? I owe two 70 and I probably could sell it for five 50. Perfect. I just wanted George to hear that information as well, because I, I just feel like you're way better off than you realize. If, if for some reason you were to be laid off again, you got options with that house. Yeah. You're not, you're not stuck. You know what I mean? And for that reason, I think this, Yeah, You should be paying into your retirement the full 15% like George told you, and, and take care of the kids. 5 29, you're gonna be okay. It's not like you're underwater with that house.


Am I right George? Yeah. Does that make you feel anything? Well, Your mortgage payment compared to your income is astounding. I'm just, I'm amazed you've done such a good job. Yes. With this super high income, keeping your expenses very reasonable. Staying away from debt. You have an overly funded emergency fund. And do you also have any, is there any child support or alimony that's tied to any of this? Yes. We get, we just split all of the kids' expenses. 50 50. Okay, great. So that does lower your expenses. So it's so that, that's not part of your take home pay, it's just the expenses are shared. No. Yes. Okay, great. So you should have plenty of margin. No, I Have them more to move through the baby steps very quickly.


I think you're gonna end up paying this mortgage off faster than you think. I would set a goal Yeah. That excites you, but is also realistic to where you go. Okay. I know that worst case, seven years from now, this mortgage is paid off. What is a six month emergency fund? What's the amount if you do six months, Laura? I I think it would be 65 times six. It is like my minimum expenses. Okay. This would be a fun challenge to Ken's point. What if you took six months and you threw the rest toward the mortgage? That's where I'm going. Or You, or you really? Yeah. That's kind of front load, those college funds. Yeah, because compound growth, right? If you throw 50 grand into a bunch of 5 29 plans and let 'em ride for years, you're gonna be okay for college.


That sounds good. Yeah. I'm in a new role and I just wanna make sure we're, we're sailing. I you're doing great. Think being a single parent, I'm just, you know, I'm by myself so when I lose a job, there's no Other person. Yeah. That security gland is flaring up extra hard. Laura. We totally understand. Great questions. Bravo Mama bear. You're amazing. You're crushing it.


Ever look at your phone bill and feel like you're trying to decode a top secret message. $17 and 42 cents for advanced signal optimization. What even is that? Well, luckily, Boost Mobile keeps it simple. Just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data with no contracts. Absolutely zero nonsense and a price that's guaranteed forever plus boost backs it up with a 30 day money back guarantee. So you can try it without feeling trapped. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY to make the switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash Ramsey. Restrictions apply. See Boost Mobile dot com slash Ramsey for details.


All Right folks. Graduation has come and gone, I believe just about everywhere now, right? We're late enough of the year, everybody's kinda walked through that and we got a lot of students, whether on the high school level or the college level that are moving on to the next phase of life. And it's really intimidating whether it's picking out the major that you think is gonna get you the, the professional direction that you want to go or it's All Right, I've picked all that now I'm out of college and I gotta find a job. And I'm really proud of the work that our team has done on the get clear career assessment, find the work you're wired to do, student edition, it's now out and this is this language. It's a lot simpler. The assessment itself, a little bit different output than the adult version. It's been a big hit and it's now available, it's 34 99. This is a great gift for that student in your life trying to figure out what am I wired to do. It's not a difficult question to answer if you have the methodology of the get clear career assessment. So you can get it today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. It's the get clear career assessment. Find the work you're wired to do Student edition. And I know that my kids would appreciate if you bought it. They all need new shoes. They really do. There you go. Holes in them And everything. I'm not above groveling. No, it's great. I wish I had this when I was, you know, exiting high school. Yeah. Can't imagine how many years I would've shaved years off of your life and get you right where you are now. That would've been amazing. We could have, we could have skipped all the social media, all the marketing and even the countless hours of skateboarding as you tried to find yourself. Yeah, I never did. Yeah. All I found was skinny jeans. Yeah, well and the bomber jackets. That's true. Don't forget


Cindy's up in Houston, Texas. Cindy, how can we help? Hey there. So I'm calling, I am just starting to budget for the first time in my life, but I was diagnosed with a, a medical problem that could potentially put me out of work for an extended period of time. So my question is, would you recommend that I go ahead and continue paying off all my medical debt or would it be wiser in my situation to get my three to six months expense emergency fund first and then start putting money toward my medical debt? How much medical debt do you have? Best I can figure around a hundred thousand.


Texas doesn't report it to the credit bureau, so it Whoa. Kind of. Yeah. Bless your heart. What Was the situation that got you into a hundred thousand in medical debt? I had two widow maker heart attacks within six days of each other. Oh my. And was diagnosed with heart failure at the age of 44. Cindy. Wow. You're a miracle. I'm glad you're still with us. Me too. Are you working full-time right now? I have a full-time job, but I have had to cut my hours back to part-time right now. What are you making? So It bring it about 2 75 a week after taxes and insurance.


Yeah. So what happened with health insurance that you were on the hook for a hundred grand? Because I didn't have health insurance when all of this initially Happened. Oh my gosh. Hmm. Yeah. And so you've had to cut back this current cutback is because of this new physical situation? That's correct. And is that gonna be ongoing? Is it chronic to where this is all you can work? It's chronic. This is pretty much all I can work, but there's a very good possibility that this may have to get scaled back some off and on indefinitely. Hmm.


Well I mean you're, you're on the poverty line, so there's no way you're gonna pay back this, these medical bills at this rate? No, I, my husband does work full time. Okay. What does he make? And Thank God he brings home about 800 a week. Okay. So I mean we're, we're probably still close to the poverty line together, but You're not much, You're making 1100, he's making 3,200. So that puts it at 4,300 take home. Yeah. Which puts you guys at about 50 k Yeah. For the year. Correct. So that's, I mean, you can live off of that, but you have a hundred thousand dollars in medical debt alone.


Are there other debts that are floating around out there in either you or your husband's names? No, The only other debt that we have is about $5,000. 3,500 of that is personal loans to my father and his father. The rest of It is outstanding credit card. Both of our vehicles are paid for. So the mortgage is the only open loan that we have. Okay. Have you communicated with the, the hospital that's holding these bills and explained that you didn't have insurance, that you wanna do self-pay and see if they'll bring down the total bill? Have you tried to negotiate that?


I didn't. I have submitted a request. I have not heard back yet because Like I said, you know, I've never done a budget in my life. Never, never been taught how, so the EveryDollar budget has, Is your husband on board with this? Is he going, Hey, we gotta a hundred percent. Okay. So you guys are both ready for some life change? Yes, definitely. Okay. I wouldn't jump to just building the emergency fund. What you can do. You have good health insurance now that's covering you. I I do for the time being, you know, if something happens with my job then I'm out. And I've been told I'll never get private health insurance And he doesn't have insurance through his employer.


He does. It's ridiculously expensive and nobody at his company really wants me on their insurance. It's a small company and their rates are based off of It'll drive their, their premiums up for everyone. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause it's a group plan. Okay. Correct. Well, you, what you can do is create a sinking fund in your budget. And so what that looks like is you would have a line item that says medical and you could put $400 every month into that line item and put that in savings. Okay. And that way at the end of the year, you have $5,000. And so you kind of have an ongoing little medical fund to cover your ongoing care that's needed.


But I, what I don't want you to do is just ignore the debts and just stack up money for who knows what. You have good insurance, now the damage is done, we'll deal with that. Let's get an itemized bill from the hospital. Let's work with their finance department to say, listen, we're we're not doing well financially. Do you have any, you know, hardship programs that could lower this bill for me or forgive this bill and fight that and see what you can do to get rid of that medical debt. And if you do that, you've cleaned up the mess. And now let's cut the credit cards up. Let's not use those anymore. Let's stick to the budget, then we can begin building the emergency fund. Okay. Yeah. Have You made payments on the medical debts Cards up? I, I have not at this point.


No. To be honest with you, I, until I started looking at the budget, I didn't think we really had the money to even pay all of our bills. But we do. Yeah, you gotta cover your bills first, so don't give them a dime until you've covered food, utilities, housing, transportation, and insurance costs. Okay. You guys come first. Yeah, Because my, my biggest fear was, you know, if something happens and I end up not being able to work at all whatsoever, you know, I know I can apply for disability, but in the interim I don't get paid. And that's, that's what terrifies me. Yeah. That's a scary place to be. I'm sorry you had to Yeah. Learn that lesson the hardest way possible with two widow Makers with i six days Of each other.


I can't imagine. I I I don't pull out the pulpit very much, but I'm gonna pull it out here for a second. I, It is wrong on every level. I, I'm trying to contain my sheer anger on behalf of Cindy and the Cindy's of this world. The cost of healthcare in this company has absolutely gone bananas. It's wrong. It is out of control. And we have no leadership in this country. And I'm talking everybody, so I'm gonna just piss off everybody 'cause I don't care what party you subscribe to. I don't care who you think is the political savior. There is a lack of leadership everywhere in DC There's a lack of leadership in the governor's mansions in this country when we can't see how this kind of stuff is breaking real Americans and insurance companies ought to be ashamed of themselves.


Politicians ought to be ashamed of themselves. The healthcare industry ought to be ashamed of themselves. This is ridiculous. And I'm all for free market. So I'm still a free market guy. You know that George. Yeah, but this is Wrong. I mean, we know medical bills are one of the leading causes of bankruptcy. Yeah. It's ridiculous. These insurance companies are making plenty of money and quite frankly, I'm sick and tired of it. We wonder why there's so much hate and so much outrage towards insurance companies and politicians. Yeah. It's 'cause of this stuff right here. You Got lobbyists lining Congress's pockets from the healthcare industry. It's not Okay. Wishing you the best, Cindy. Hope we can get this cleared up.


Hey George Kamel here. So you're thinking about buying or selling your home. It's exciting, but there's a lot to think about and all those decisions can feel overwhelming. Well, here's the good news. You don't have to tackle the process alone. Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base is the place to find all of your Free Tools and resources for help to get prepared to buy or sell your home with confidence. You'll find calculators start to finish, guides a podcast, and even an in-depth video course hosted by yours. Truly what's not to love. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to talk about their money, their profession, and their relationships. Thrilled to have you with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five alongside George Kamel. I'm m Ken Coleman. Thrilled to be with him as well. Always fun. He's always a quip away from making me laugh pretty hard. That's the Goal. That's all I can bring to The table. He's got a fresh haircut. So it looks like the first day of school for George. I got my backpack. That's your lunchbox? Yep. Mom packed it. Good. All Right. Did you get the oranges? No. Dunkaroos though. That's a win. Maybe Lunchable Dunkaroos for the win.


I have no idea what you're talking about, but I'll Learn more about it. Gosh, You're older than I thought. Your age is showing Ken. I know. Never heard of a Dunka roo before in my life. Mary is up in Charlotte, North Carolina. Mary, how can we help? Hi, I I I have a bit of a conundrum. I have taken over handling our finances from my husband. I just say he got into the sovereign citizen thing about seven years ago. I asked him not to make any decisions, but he did and didn't tell me. Tell me what, tell us about sovereign citizen thing. To The best of your knowledge, what is it?


The best of my knowledge is it's a group of people who don't believe that our government is actually a government. That when Congress let out in the early 19 hundreds, that the same people didn't come back, back in and they passed laws around our taxes and everything else. And that it's unconstitutional and that when we were born, our social security number is used as collateral by the government. And so we have billions and billions and billions of dollars in an account somewhere and our signature can pay off debt. Just our signature. Oh. And we don't have to pay back loans, we don't have to pay our mortgage. We don't have to pay anything.


Cool. That's a fantastic idea. And you seem to know a lot about this. Like you've just heard your hubs weighing on and on and on about this, it sounds like. Yeah, not just that, but in our arguments of me talking about being good stewards and having good character and when we say we're gonna pay something back And we sign it that because we said it And we signed it, that we need to do it and Right. So this And he, Yeah. Whew. So this has put you guys in a spot, I'm guessing, Extreme spot. What? Tell us what's, what's, what hole are you in? Well, Like I said, that's what he felt about the government.


So he stopped paying our taxes. Right. He stopped paying our mortgage and our car loans And we had a, a home loan that we got years ago and I stopped paying all of it. So I, when I took over, I took over last year and a couple of months in, one of the elders in my church gave me a number for a company to help me work on the back taxes. And so now I have that extra bill and I'll just give you some numbers. Taxes are over half a million, including all the fees. Oh My gosh. Mortgage, they tried to close on the mortgage. They tried to foreclose twice. The sheriff showed up and Like I said, I didn't know about any of this.


Right. I found out when the sheriff came and said, here's your foreclosure papers, you need to be in court next week. And then I told my husband he needed to pay it. So he got us caught up and then they repossessed my car. And so I told him he needed to pay it and I got my car back and then he didn't pay for another seven months and they came out with foreclosure papers again. And I told him, I said, I, I, hold on one second. Need to Feel like I'm safe. Yeah. This is interesting to me. So he's forget the conspiracy stuff that he's all in and all this kind stuff, but he's holding the money. He's not spending it, it sounds like He he did the first time, the second time.


So he works for himself and doing what we only, he's the contractor Building homes and He, no, it's commercial work and it's very specialized and he makes really good money. Okay. So my point is, is like he, he's not spending this money, he just doesn't want to give it to the government or to the mortgage company or anything else. But it sounds like every time they come threatening he goes out in the backyard, digs up a coffee can and provides the money. Is that what I'm hearing? Not really. Well you just said he paid It did. So happened he paid the car. Yeah, he paid the the First time. Oh, the first time he did that with the mortgage. The second time with the mortgage, we lucked out that he got paid a little extra that month.


And so that went to pay that, that back mortgage and then, and then with the car, it, I don't know what he did. I think he talked them into putting everything towards the end of the loan to get us caught up. Oh Gosh. So there's a giant balloon payment at the end. Yeah, but I, So is he now getting outta the, is he out of the finances and he's not doing any of this nonsense and he's now letting you pay things on time? He is agreed to let me do it. He doesn't agree with me And well, I don't care about that part. You told him that you prefer to not be homeless, that it's your American, right? Yes. To want to have shelter? Yes, I have. Okay. What does he think about that?


This guy doesn't seem like he cares about providing for you? Seems like he's more into his little conspiracy group. Yeah, well, you know, we said the same thing about, you know, he says he doesn't care about money. And that I said to him, so why don't you just give it to the people you said you'd give it to, you know, why are you keeping it? But, but he's not really keeping it either. He does like to spend And we have no savings. You guys, do you guys have one joint account or does he have a separate account that he spends from? Well, the state came after him and took money out of the account, about 25 grand, which was every penny that we had. So he changed banks, they did it again. So he changed banks again. Gosh. So what I did when I hired that company is he, he didn't like keeping receipts.


So I found all of the banks that we had for those years and I've been systematically going through the bank statements to itemize the senate company so we can at least have some kind of deductions on that. And I, I'm, I still have three years left to do of all of that. And I have no idea, you know. Have you pulled the credit report for both of you? Yes. Okay. What iss what's the total damage Total that we owe? Yeah. I don't know the total yet. I know we still owe about one 70 on our home. Our home is valued now around between five and 600.


I'm not exactly sure 'cause I haven't had it done. We've been in our home for 20 years. Okay. And you owe 500,000 to the IRS And what about these cars? There's about 50,000 on the cars. There's about 20,000 on a home loan, about 65,000 in student debt. Credit cards. We had no credit cards until a couple weeks ago. My dad told me that he pays his house bills with a credit card and he just goes and he pays off the bill right then so that he can earn cash back. And so I thought that might be a good idea for me. One way I can Try to help. It's a terrible idea. Yeah. Okay.


Is anyone in your life financially responsible? Oh, my dad Is he, he has no debt. No Debt. He's, he's not, if you pay the mortgage with a credit card, you're incurring an extra fee, which negates any cash back you could ever want. So, okay. Mary, I don't know that we can help you in a two minute call. This is a nightmare and I'm scared you're gonna go down with this guy and he, you're both gonna be in prison, right? If you keep this up. Yeah. This is a, this is a marriage situation where you've gotta put a stop to this with him. He's putting you in such a reckless situation At this point. You need to protect yourself. Yes, I would. Separate accounts. Are you working full time? I am not. I'm not able to. Are you on disability?


No. I, I was a stay at home mom for 25 years. I tell You what, and I was working at my church last year and, Okay, so Mary, hang on end Of all of this. I lost my Mary. Hang on. We're we gotta do a quick commercial break. We'll come back and try to help you.


You work your butt off for your money, but your money's never going to return the favor if all you do is hope for the best. If you're ready to learn how to make your money work for you, check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor can help you find advisors who specialize in retirement planning, charitable giving, advanced investing strategies and more. Whatever your goals, your pro will take the time to explain your options so you never have to invest in anything you don't understand. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. The Get Connected Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


Alright, so we've been talking to Mary and her husband has long been a member of a group called Sovereign Sovereign Citizens. Citizens. And these fine folks don't believe that anybody should pay taxes. By the way, I would like to point out nobody, I mean, nobody hates taxes more than me. Okay. But it's the law. Even Jesus took the subject on in the Bible. That's True. Given unto Caesar, what is Caesar? So bless her heart. Mary is really under it.


Let's, can I go through the numbers? Let's remind people, let, Let's, let's go through the numbers. Okay. Set it up where Mary's at. All Right. Mary, you back, you back with us? Yes, I'm here. Okay, so I heard you have half a million dollars in back taxes to the IRS. You have $50,000 in car loans, $20,000 in a home equity loan, $65,000 in student loans, and then you got one 70 left on the mortgage. And the house is worth about five or 600. And we also, my my husband was in the hospital last year for extended period of time. So we also have about 60, $70,000 in medical debt. Okay. So that's good. And I'm supposed to be having surgery coming up, so I I'm about to cancel it.


Oh Boy. Do you guys have insurance? Do you know what it's gonna cost you? Well, he didn't wanna buy insurance either, so I, I just got insurance. You guys Don't have health insurance April? We didn't, but we do now. But it won't pay for anything until next year on the date that I signed. Oh my goodness. Yeah. What's the surgery for? I had total knee replacement. Oh my gosh. And you told us that you can't work. I I I've been trying to work. I I was working. I'm, I'm a worship leader and so I was at my church and I was struggling and I went to my pastor with this and he talked with the elders and deacons and I did too.


And I ended up losing my position out of safety for the church. What does that mean? Safety was the church in harm's way Be well if I got arrested because of all of this. So Even they see the writing on the wall. Oh, yes. And and they were talking with him too. I told him, he, I required him to start talking with an elder or find someone who's a mentor who knows the word that he could talk to about these things that he believes. And he did finally agree to Go to counseling with me. And, but he's, he's not talking to anybody. He doesn't agree with them. He, he thinks they all held him accountable in a meeting.


He even said he doesn't believe this, but he said that he thought I was being unfaithful 'cause I didn't agree with him and that he had the right to divorce me. According to what Paul said. What, what is keeping you guys together at this point? Well, I know he loves me and I know that he's working at it and I do love him. We've been together for 30 years and Okay. But none of that actually shows that he loves you. Yeah. I don't see a guy who loves You. If they came and repoed my wife's car, put me on the street and made me homeless. 'cause my my wife said, I don't wanna pay bills. I don't know how.


That's love. A love requires action. Yeah. Yeah. Mary, I didn't plan to, well, he Said I could, I could take care of the finances. So he, he's, he said I'll earn it. What does he make? And you can take care of It. Well, but if he's spending it, Mary, you already said that he's been spending it. So you need to, he needs to lose access to any money in this household. Well, at this point he's not spending because I'm controlling the finances and he's agreed to ask me before he buys anything, but he wouldn't be able to even if he wanted to because of the way our debt is now. Right? Yeah. You guys can't make minimum payments on, he Also got $30,000 in contract labor. That's another day Kid. He should not be running his own business.


Right. What does he make? Close to 300 a year. Okay. So there's some good news in all of this mess. He's got a great shovel that if you take control of we can clean this mess up. And if I were you guys, guys I'm trying to do guys, can I just throw out a plan and see how you like it? Yeah, absolutely. The number one debt to focus on right now is that IRS debt pay these back debts. That's Yes. So that's what I would focus on first. Followed by all this consumer debt. I wouldn't worry about the mortgage right now. In fact, I would consider selling the house and renting to clean up this mess faster. Really? Yes, because you have over $200,000 in consumer debt alone. You have $500,000 to the IRS and then you have the $170,000 mortgage.


So we're approaching a million dollars in debt. Yeah. And, and Mary, right. They're not the IRS is not gonna play around. This guy has already put you put you guys in a very precarious situation. I think the church was wrong to let you go, but the church was scared outta their mind. And, and honestly, I'm scared for you and I I one, one more conspiracy Facebook post that your husband clicks on and he goes dark on all this again and you're going down with him and Yeah, I, this guy's gone to counselor. I told Him I would leave if he did that. You what? I told him I would leave if he did that.


Yeah. But, But it's too late if he, if he takes you down with him and then you go, well that's the final straw. Now's the time to leave him until he changes. He has been confronted by pastoral staff. He's been confronted by a counselor, sheriffs and confronted and sheriffs. And when he is been confronted, he comes up with some crazy idea that you're cheating on him. You're the best woman in the world. I think most women would've long since left this clown. Yeah. And I know you love him and I'm not trying to be derogatory, but I'm telling you as a stranger who you called to ask my opinion, this is beyond bananas. You're in an unsafe situation.


You Are very unsafe. And he can say he loves you, but this is not the act of love. No, I know. And that's why I called you. 'cause I don't want Go to jail, but I didn't know he was doing This. I know you didn't. I, and at this point I think you can prove that you didn't. And I love that you have control of the finances, but I would be completely making myself independent. George, listen, Maryanne, in the next few minutes I want you to pay attention to what George says because you need to get independent of your husband right now financially first. And I would put the ultimatum down that this dude does massive life change and proves it to you in some very specific ways before you ever even talk to this guy again.


That's how serious I think this is George. I want her to protect herself financially. What would you do if she was your mom? What would you do? I would get your name off of anything he's connected to and make sure that all everything is under your control and that he can cause no further damage. I would freeze all of his credit so that he can't go into debt. Even if he went one or two behind your back. Yep. That's good. You can freeze his credit with all three credit bureaus. And I'm gonna gift you a session with a financial coach because the depth of your situation is far beyond what we can cover. That's right. On a Ramsey Show call. And I wanna make sure that we can serve you well. Yeah, that's right. We wanna help and, and help you take the right Next Steps. So we're going to gift that to you. It's free, it's on us to get on financial coaching call with someone to walk you through this for what the, you know, what your specific area is.


There's a lot of logistics here to, to walk through. Yeah. But I do think that it's probably wise for you guys to sell this house. I agree. And maybe you go live on your own and rent somewhere. I agree. I don't know what that looks like financially for you with his income and you not having one. That's gonna be difficult. Yeah. But yeah, cleaning up the IRS debt is a one, then I would do the debt snowball for the rest of these debts. Focus on the smallest balances first, knock them out and freeing up a payment along the way. And you'll knock out the mortgage by selling the house and it'll probably leave you with about 300,000 in profits that you can use to knock out over half of this IRS debt. Yeah, I would, I listen, I think they already, I Go to your, I Go to your dad.


I Go to some family right now. You need to be around some safe people. I'd probably talk to an attorney and figure out what your rights are. Yeah. And if you, you know, if, if you're the quote innocent spouse in the situation, will, will you be absolved of whatever crimes he's committed? I don't know. Yeah. Is that who I would talk to about getting my name off of things? Well, the name, your name off of things would be refinancing. If your name is on there, I don't know that they'll just remove your name. But you can contact every lender that's out there that has his name on it and see if you can get out of it and say, listen, things that you weren't a part of, if he went and took any of these debts out behind your back. I don't know. There's so much here to unpack.


I'm so sorry you're going through this and right now I'm more concerned about your safety than anything else right now. Yeah. Hang on the line Mary. We're gonna get you connected to a financial coach that can walk with you on this. And I'm so, so sorry. But you gotta fight for you right now with everything you got.


Does having more money and less stress sound nice but feel impossible? Well, in my brand new book, breaking Free From Broke, I share my story of going from Broke to Millionaire and exactly how I did it. You'll learn about the money traps and cultural lies out there designed to keep you brainwashed and stressed out from credit card schemes to mortgage myths, to investing traps. So if you're not where you wanna be financially, I can help you finally get ahead. You can get breaking free from Broke today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


All Right, time for our Ramsey Show question of the day, which is brought to you by Why Refi. If you've got defaulted private student loans, let's be real. They don't go away on their own, but our friends at Why Refi will help you explore low fixed rate loan based on your unique circumstances. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today. That's YRE y.com/ Ramsey. It may not be available at all states.


Today's question comes from Robert and the Baby steps community. When buying something expensive, how do you decide whether you use money from your brokerage account or savings account? We are debt free except our house. We want stuff now but also want compound interest to work so later I can buy stuff like cars and it's like buying a biscuit. Okay, interesting question. So he's saying buying, should I a biscuit, Should I sell funds for my non-retirement investment accounts in order to cover these high expense things or should I just use my savings account? My hot take is that all savings, all investing should have a goal. So you should separate it out. What were you investing in that brokerage account for?


Was it for this exact thing? If so, don't feel bad cashing it out and paying whatever taxes owed on that. And if you have money beyond your emergency fund saved up for these things, don't feel bad using your savings for that if you had saved for that specific purchase. So I like to actually create different savings accounts and label them properly. So let's say we're gonna upgrade the car. Well let's have a upgraded car savings account where we put money every single month, 500 bucks a month. 12 months later you got six grand in there, two years later you got 12 grand, et cetera. So that way you know exactly what you're saving for. So the advice here is use savings if you can. I'm with you. I want compound interest work as long as possible.


But again, if the brokerage account existed to save up for that, then go for it. But investing for anything should be a long-term play. Like five plus years. So if you're saving for a car three, four years from now, I would not invest that money. I would park it in a high yield savings account. And that way you're not worried about what the market's doing. Is it up or is it down? Did I lose money? Did I make money? And that's the simplest way to live your life is have a goal for Everything.


And by the way, the best way to be able to do the advice that you just gave is a budget. Absolutely. And I do wanna point out all this month we've got EveryDollar free webinar trainings. These are free kick the tires, how to use EveryDollar. Questions that you've got. It's phenomenal. Thousands of people signing up. You can sign up for free. EveryDollar dot com slash webinar, EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Alright, Audra is up in Baltimore, Maryland. Audra, how can we help? Hi, Thanks for taking my call. I'm calling today because I'm really struggling to decide on whether I should kind of splurge on an upcoming wedding is gonna be a second marriage for me, or if I should not do that and maybe rebuild my emergency fund. My last marriage left me like financially, I won't say devastated, but Pretty close to, and I feel like I'm really stuck emotionally. Like I don't want my ex to take this away from me, if that makes sense.


What Do you mean take what away from you? He's already taken so much from me. I get that, but what else would he take from you? The wedding? Like not being able to do that with my, my fiance now, who I gotcha. Yeah. It is the love of my life. He's, he's the type of person that just inspires you to be a better person. You know much so much. Do You have any, do you have any debt right now? Just the house. Okay. But no cards. I think my fiance, he, he has his car. Okay. Probably about 25 on it. How much do you have in savings? Total? No emergency. I have no liquid savings right now. All I have is my IRA was left untouched and there's about a hundred in there.


Okay. Well I'm, you definitely need some emergency savings right now because you're one emergency way of from going back into debt, which might mean we need to scale back on this wedding. Do you have a date already planned? Have you already booked things, signed contracts? Yeah, we were hoping to do it in April. I did put down a $200 deposit on the venue, but you know, nothing set in stone. It could be reversed if we needed to do that. And, And when you said, when you said you wanna spend on this wedding, what, what were you thinking? You Wired to spend Probably between probably around $20,000 And that's coming outta your pocket or are we splitting this with the, with the fiance It would be split.


We, we would try to do it together, but what I'm considering doing is we make a fairly good amount of money if we get our spending in check, I think we could afford it. And I think about prioritizing that and keeping, I can, I can get a HELOC for hundred $40,000 and use it as an emergency. You can't Afford it if it takes a HELOC To do it. No. Audra, that is debt that puts you at risk and it puts your home at risk and it moves you backwards financially. Okay. Please don't do the heloc. So here's the deal. How long? Yeah, whatever, however much money you have is how much we can spend on this wedding. And so if you're gonna spend 10 K, he's gonna spend 10 k. That becomes the savings goal.


And so the question becomes can we save 10 K in time for this wedding to pay for all the bills? Can you? I'm not sure. Well, it's, it Wouldn't ask Wait a second. What's your income? So we actually, it's our spending. It's outta control. No, no, No. There's no we yet You guys aren't married. You shouldn't be talking about we Are you guys living together? You splitting bills? What, what, what are we dealing with here? We're, we're, we are living together. We just moved in together not too long ago. Well then what's the rush on the wedding? I'm not trying to be Mr. Traditional, but I mean if we're living together now, we can really postpone the wedding and do this thing the way you want to do it if you've already decided to live together.


But, but my, yeah, Well, we're excited. But the other thing, I'm self-employed and a big benefit of this was I pay out the wazoo for my own health insurance. It's close to it's 700 and like $60 a month, just my premium. And if I got on his health insurance, we would save hundreds of dollars a month. Well, you gotta choose sweetheart. You want the big wedding then you want the insurance discount. You want. So You're, the main reason to get married sooner is to jump on his insurance. I mean, then just Go to the courthouse tonight. Well, no, and That not, that's not the main reason. It is a factor. The main reason we're just really excited. Like, but To Ken Ken's point, why not Go to the courthouse and save up for the big party 10 months Later from now?


You're, yeah, you could, you could do a selling. I tried. Yeah, the courthouse wedding. We both did that with our first weddings. To give you context, I was like homeless. I was homeless when I first got married. My first marriage. Yeah. But, and I got married in like a, It doesn't matter. You Told me this guy is different, didn't you? And I just wanted something different than Matter. The courthouse is not the factor here. You just told me this guy's different, so this marriage is gonna be different. Yeah, right. That's True. You want everything but you can't afford anything. That's what we're hearing. So you gotta choose. Yeah, I just, and what is your, what is your monthly income through Again? My monthly income's about $7,000.


That's a great income. That's great. So you can get your emergency fund up and then if you really hustle, you guys can cash flow this wedding. But you acted when George asked you, could you come up with $10,000 between now and next April's a thousand dollars a month? You were like, I don't think so. You make 7,000, could you put away, before you did anything else, put away 1000 of the seven into a savings account? Could you auto transfer it and pretend like it never existed? Yes, I could. Okay. That means by April you would've $10,000 in that one account. Okay. There's your, There's your Part. Now you could you take another thousand and put it in a sa another savings account for your emergency fund. Could you live off of 5,000?


I I could. Most months I, so I have my own businesses. Some months are better than others. So it can be vary a little bit. So Then that means, so what are your expenses? You told me that you have a spending problem that he does too. Oh yeah. So Let's prioritize. So my bills, what's more important? My bills are about $4,300 a month. 4,300. Like my mortgage. Yeah. So if life went perfectly and you followed the plan and you made seven grand, you would have an extra $2,700 you could throw toward your goals. Yes. Okay. You know what that looks like? It looks like $32,000 that you could have saved up for this wedding and your emergency fund in a year.


Okay. So that would give me some great fire to go, you know what, I never wanna be homeless again. I don't wanna be in the situation again. I'm willing to cut my spending to save up for the things that now matter to me. And that is my emergency fund, to give me some peace of mind to never go into debt again. That's for this wedding. And that's what you guys are gonna have to prioritize. And I don't know that we can get him on board, but I hope we can get you on board at the very least.


Well, after the last few calls, I definitely think we need to head to the Bible. Yeah, we could. We could use a little Jesus right now. Jesus, take the wheel. I'm telling you our scripture of the day, Philippians 1 27, whatever happens, conduct yourselves in a manner worthy of the gospel of Christ. Then whether I come and see you or only hear about you in my absence, I will know that you stand firm in the one spirit striving together as one for the faith of the gospel. Our quote of the day, Kevin Hassett, do you know who this is? Never heard of him. Me Either. Economists have the same occupational hazard as baseball managers and football coaches. Every person on the street knows their job better than they do.


Oh wow. Wow. Yeah, he's, he's an economist. Kevin was angry when he said that actually I'm going to, I'm gonna do something I never do. I'm gonna take issue with the quote of the day. You're gonna take umbridge, I'm gonna take umbridge. This guy's not even here to defend himself. I do believe half the quote is right. I do believe the average American probably knows more about the economy than an economist. That part I agree with. I don't think as a big time football fan, I don't think most fans have any idea about what a football coach knows. And this is the problem with fans. That's all I wanna say. I think Kevin misses it.


That's what's wrong with fans. They sit in the stands and armchair experts, they know more. And I understand they get mad at their coach. And I've been mad at my coaches before, but we don't know what we're talking about. I just wanna point that out. I appreciate that. For people like you, George, who don't know what sports are, and I just wanna make sure you don't judge football coaches, my brain only has capacity for so much so to memorize like stats and coaches and players and the personal lives and what's going on. You don't, It is insane. You don't have to see that. Just, you see, that's not what being a fan is. Oh, I've met fans. I know you have, but you don't actually watch sports. Here's my hack though. When someone talks about sports, I can fake it and they think I know everything. I just go, yeah, we gotta see how, how the coaching is this season.


That's it. That gets me out of so many conversations. I go, yeah, he's right. He's right. It's all about the coaching. Oh Man, George Campbell, I gotta take you to a sporting event. I'd love to go with you. No one ever takes me. They say they will. You know what we'll do? We'll collab on our YouTube channels. It'll be called Ken takes George to a sporting event. I've been to a lot of Nashville events, you know, but not with me. Soccer. I know not into that you need to, oh, I love soccer, but you need to go with me so that I know you're paying attention and yeah, you know what's going on. You'll actually coach me through the experience a hundred percent. Make sure that, that you get the full experience. Otherwise you're just there eating popcorn and checking your Instagram. No, I'm just watching the big screen. Seeing the sponsors, you know, watching people stuff their face with food they shouldn't be eating.


It's great. It's the people watching for me is the best part. Yes, it, let's Go to Josh in Colorado Springs. Josh, how can we help? Hey, so I am on the fence about upgrading my current car to my dream car and giving my wife my, my current car. And I'm feeling some doubt and guilt about You have come to the right place. I think I was put on the planet to help people decide these things. This very issue is a favorite issue of mine. As specific as possible. But yeah, that's right. What is this dream? What is the dream car and how much will it cost? Well the dream car currently is a Audi RS six Avan.


Yeah. How much is that gonna set you back? So total out of pocket will be around 70,000 because of trade in and whatnot. Okay. And how do you plan to pay for it? So that's where it gets a little tricky as far as Here we go. All Right, give us the tricks. So my wife would prefer savings to be used. I don't want to touch any of our savings or any other money we have. I would rather take a loan out and pay it off in 16, 18 months.


And when I said that to her, if she says, well why don't we just save for it? The problem is I'm onto this car now because my other cars have gone out of production that I've dreamed of getting. And their prices have skyrocketed. One of them was 120,000 new now is selling for a quarter million new because they don't make it. And so as these cars get harder and harder to get the price skyrockets to, What are you driving now? I drive a 2016 Land Cruiser. And what's it worth? I will get about 45 50 for it.


But you're saying you're gonna give that to your wife? Yes. Okay, so you wouldn't trade it in. Correct. Which means you're gonna pay the full cost. Oh, her car. Her car, sorry. Yeah, so her car would get me 36 I think is what we got on Kelly. What? What is she driving? She's driving a, oh, what's it called? A Highlander. Okay. Do you owe anything on that? We don't owe anything on any other cars. Our only debts are our mortgage and then student loans. But we are on the public, public service loan forgiveness track. How familiar you, how familiar are you with our show? Pretty familiar. I mean, I listen to you guys pretty often And, and, and and, and you called us with student loan debt.


I know, I know. And wanna know our opinion on you financing a dream car. So I'm just curious if you missed, missed those episodes. I'm Not. 'cause I'm on the loan forgiveness route. That's the only reason I How many years in are you on it? Eight. We, we have less than two years left before forgiveness. And what's the balance of the loans? Total? Right around 250,000. But we're paying about 3000 a month. You really think that they're gonna forgive those loans? All my colleagues have gotten theirs forgiven. Is this the PSLF or a different one? Correct. PSLF.


Okay. Is that a good chance of happening, George? I'm a little Skeptical. I mean if you follow it by the book and don't screw anything up and you, you know, did not Countless, Josh is counting on it. Josh is going to the bank. I wish should the be, I mean people have been successful with it and I'm happy for them. I just, I would have a backup plan too. I don't know that now is the time to be purchasing the dream car. With this debt hanging around your head still, how much money do you guys have in, in savings right now beyond your emergency fund? Beyond emergency fund and obviously all the retirements being maxed out yearly on both ends. Right around 1 75.


Okay. And what would, why such a high savings account? Honestly, I, we, you know, we do a house renovation, we refill that account and then we just kind of do, we put it in the market. Oh, market's gonna crash. Oh, let's we, we, I don't know, just hesitation I guess to move it. How often do you go with your wife's point of view outta 10. How many times outta 10? Well, 10. Yeah. Great. Because I think you ought to do it again. You've got the cash. If you really want this car, if it's really that big of a dream, you've got the cash for it.


And I would rather you feel the pain of liquidating that savings account because that's what's really happening with this car. Spreading it out over 16 months will make you emotionally feel better. But it's gonna put you guys in a bind. You're paying interest, there's a chance you're underwater on it in case you need to get rid of it and And doing it with a loan is only gonna add resentment on your wife's side and you're gonna feel guilty every time you get in that driver's Seat. I agree. I mean, don't you wanna take her out on a date in that thing and not get the stink eye or at least the side eye? Well this would be the first purchase I would make. That's been like, we live in this state Where that's a yes or no. That's a yes or no question.


You sound like a politician on a Sunday morning show. Yeah, that would be great to I know, bro. I'm trying to help you here man. By the way, your wife's right, George and I are with your wife. What is your household income? Gross typically right around 900 this year. Probably closer to seven 50. Just 'cause I'm, oh Good lord, this is ridiculous. Why are we even having this conversation when you make that kind of money you just made Everybody that's listening and watching this show in the lobby mad. That's stupid. What Little empathy They have on, nobody's got any empathy for you. You make crazy money, pay cash for that. And I gotta tell you, for somebody who took out loans and paid mine off, I don't have such a great feeling about the way you're treating your loans with the kind of income you got.


I'm just gonna tell you that You Your loans. Yes. Pay your freaking loans off. You make $900,000, you're gonna ask the government to forgive it. This could have been, here's the thing, this could have been gone years ago. I don't Like it. It's been dragging on. But yeah, get the car. Here's my, I'm old school. I think the wife should be driving the nicer car. That's just my take. Oh, now we're really piling on this poor guy. He's a car guy. Do what you want. Alright. Okay. Really quick. Put you on the spot. You don't have to answer. You make that kind of money. You should pay your student loans back. Yes or no? Yes. I should have done it seven years ago. Moved on with your life. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new Ramsey 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist. A quick start collection of how to get started walking the Ramsey plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money.