
North Carolina, the countdown is on me and Dr. John Delony will be with you live next Wednesday, April 23rd. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash durham. Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about your money, your profession, and your relationships. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. My co-host, my dear friend Rachel Cruz, is alongside she'll lead out on how to save, how to spend that money. And I'm gonna help you on how to make more money. It's a great combo. We'd love to hear from you. Antonio starts us off in Jacksonville. Antonio, How can we help today? Hey, good, good, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my call. You Bet. What's going on? Yeah, so I'm just calling, I, my name's Antonio Owens.


I'm from Jacksonville, Florida. I'm 25 years old and I have about, I, I have a lot of debt and I'm basically trying to figure out what's the best way to tackle that and overcome it, you know, from credit cards, cars. And I'm in a situation where I was thinking about purchasing a house, but I don't think that is the best financial decision. So I just wanna see if you guys can help me out with that. We agree. Let's get you outta debt first. So walk Rachel through your debt. Go smallest to largest for us. Okay. Yeah, so going small, small to the largest. So I have six credit cards totaling to about $65,000 in total credit card debt with the smallest minimum monthly payment, roughly about $51 a month.


Then the next credit card is about $123 a month. The next three are all about $10,000 a piece. And they're about two a month That you owe on them. The Last three I owe? Yes, the last three. So I owe $5,000 on the first one. Okay. I owe $7,000 on the second one. The next three after that, I owe $10,000 a piece. Okay. So a total of 30. And then the last one I actually owed $25,000 on. Woo. Okay. What, what were these four? Antonio, what were you racking up the step for? So basically, so my, my job profession, I'm actually a finance manager, ironically at an RV dealership.


So, you know, when covid happened, you know, I was making crazy good money. So, you know, even sometimes upwards of $30,000 a month. So I had just got into the, you know, credit building credit and I just seen it as, okay if I, I don't mind spending 10,000 because I could just pay that back. And I did that for a couple months and then, you know, the times have changed, pay changed a little bit, pays still good, but it just got to the point where the interest were just so high to the point where anything over the minimum payment was just ridiculous. I mean, the minimum payment right now is anywhere from, you Know, yeah. But, but you're spending money on, on lifestyle is what these credit cards are.


I initially, and they have been maxed out for about three years. I've just paid the bare minimum. And I'll be quite frank, you know, I, I'll pay the bare minimum and that little bit that I pay, I might spin it again, not 'cause I need it, but it's just like, I just don't see the light at the end of the tunnel to get these things Off. Yeah, for sure. Okay, so that's the credit cards. How much do you owe in your car? I have three, three cars. I owe $35,000 on my truck. I owe $31,000 on my ev my Mustang Mach e and I owe $16,000 on my girlfriend's SUV.


Okay. Hold on. Wow. Antonio, you've been, do You finance a car for your girlfriend? Yeah, yeah, I purchased one tour yesterday. Yeah, I did. Wow. I feel like you watched the Wolf of Wall Street and just decided to try to do your own version here. This is crazy That, that's story, believe it or not. Kind of what, you know, what my life was and kind of what I aimed to be. That's why I chose it, that's why I chose the Metaphor. Okay. What else? What else, what else? Antonio, what other debt do you have? No, I also have a boat, but I've paid that pretty low. I only owe about $8,000 on a boat. Okay. And I do have an rv, a fifth wheel that I owe about $26,000 Off. Of course, that makes total sense because you got such a good deal on that.


Yeah. How much money are you making right now? What's your, what's your bring home every Month? My, so I gross anywhere from 15 to 17,000 a month. My brain home is anywhere from nine to 10,000, give or take. I mean, you are really with all these Opinions, how are you? Yeah. How are you, how are you making it, Antonio? It's, it's, I I mean it's, it's, it's unfortunate, you know, I, it's just one of those things that I thought, okay, I'm making money, making money, I can spend more money. I mean, and then also, you know, I I, I do have four children and I do pay rent, which is roughly about 2350.


And you got utilities, water, camera, You didn't answer her question. We're trying to help you and this is the part where we're now gonna try to help you dig out and you can do this. But how are you making it month to month? Do you have any leftover at all? Oh, no, actually. And you're going into credit card debt still? Yeah, so honestly I have anywhere from 500 to $1,000 left over at the end of every month. And that's if I'm lucky. Yeah. Alright. So can we just do real quick, I wanna know if we have any equity in any of these vehicles? Yeah. What, what the $35,000 Truck. Do you have any equity?


No, I'm actually, that's the main one that I'm flipped upside down on. It's A Okay. How, what if you sold it today, what would you sell it for? What could you sell it for? Maybe 21 or 22,000. Okay. Are you, are you just guessing or did you Kelly Blue book this? No, I, I, I, Kelly Blue booked it, You know. Okay. What about the, what about the Mustang? What about the Mustang? The Mustang, I probably am upside down about a thousand or two on it. I could probably sell it for 29,000. Okay. And then girlfriend's car, are you the only one on the loan or do you guys, did you cosign for her or what was the situation there? No, I'm the only one on every loan I had mentioned. Okay. And, and how, what, could you sell her car for That one?


I, I probably could sell that, I could probably make it $3,000 on that one. I could possibly sell that one for about 18 or 19 grand. All Right, perfect. Okay, so the cars are the easy Oh yeah, the boat. The boat. I want, what, what do you owe on the boat? He Owes eight. So the boat, what could you sell for? Sorry, what's it worth? I'm so confused right now. So, so the boat is worth about 15,000. All Right. Sell that today. Hey, perfect. Sell the boat today. Yeah. A thousand boat today. Yes. Yeah. So, because then you'll get, you'll have $7,000. Hey Anthony, here's gonna be your issue, Anthony, your ego's about to like really be hit hard. Like this is all this is, this is, this is ego. Three cars, boat, rv, credit card debt living.


Like you're just the fill in the blank and you're not. Yeah. Yeah. So there's a reality here, Anthony, that the humility pill that you're gonna have to swallow to, to truly change this around is gonna be really big. And that's the part about personal finance that's so difficult is like the math stuff. We can walk through that. But there is a character part of you, Anthony, that's gonna deeply, deeply have to change. Like you caring about what people think has been very high in your life. And this is about to do the complete opposite. Like you are gonna be, you're, I mean, you're, you're not gonna be the man anymore. I mean, like, like, do you know what I'm saying? But there's, there's an, there's an ego level and I'm saying that kindly.


'cause we all have a level of an ego, but man, it's gonna be, it's gonna be tough. So, so Here's the deal, is the rv, can you sell more, make more on that than the 26 euro owe The, the rv. I I can, I can break even. I mean, I, okay, Listen, listen, listen, listen. You gotta sell the rv. All the stuff. Sell boat. Boat. You sell the girlfriend's car too. Today. Today. Because I don't care how lovely she is. She gets her own car. It's not your problem. And Antonio, take your payment for the rv, the boat, her car, and the mustang, all those payments. That's thousands of dollars. Yeah. Now that you can sell the truck, start paying off these credit cards. Smallest to largest. But man, it's gonna be a, it's, it's about to be a 180 in your life, Antonio. But it has to be in order for something to change.


And I feel the stress on you. So man, you, you gotta make some big changes.


Hey, you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They'll also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen y'all, there's no better way to take care of healthcare costs. Chm programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Tampa Florida is where we're gonna go next. Joshua is there. Joshua, How can we help? Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Well, I'm planning on proposing to my girlfriend in a couple months. Nice. And we're both debt free. Okay. And I'm starting to think about our future, right? In terms of finances. We both agree we need to be on one checking account and we're gonna do everything together. I'm gonna try to do everything the right way. And right now, the type of boyfriend that I am, I, I like to do a little surprises here and there. Maybe surprise her, you know, one day with flowers or decorate the house and make her feel special.


However, how can I still keep those surprises if we're both on the same checking account? Got you. And Have her not question why are you spending a thousand dollars On I got you. I got you, man. You, first of all, thank you Joshua, for representing that romance. He's not dead. You're a good man. Man Is still There. It's a good man Rachel, that we're talking to. So here's how I do it. Yeah. And I'm sure Rachel's got an opinion. 'cause I actually was sitting exactly where I am right now. When your hubs Winston pulled off an amazing surprise for you in the form of a phone call. You remember that it went viral, all that. Oh, oh yes. Surprises are great.


Yeah. They're always great fun. And I'm sure that he has surprised you before. So here's how we do it. So when I know that I'm planning to do that, and it's a large expenditure, so I've planned for it. Right? And then I'll tell her, Hey, listen, I'm working on a little something down the line and I'll let you know when I need you to just, you know, look the other way. And I give her about a 24 to 48 hour notice so that she's not gonna go in the account to do any kind of maintenance or whatever. And it's pretty simple. And so, you know, then she does the old, oh, you know, you shouldn't do that. You know, that kind of deal. Of course she loves it. And so when it's a large expenditure, that's how I handle it.


If it's smaller, same kind of deal, I might just say, Hey, I'm pulling it from here, or whatever. And you know, you've, you know, but you can do that. And it's just communication. Would you add? What would you add to that? Yeah, no, that's good. I think we do that now more so is just the like, hey, just don't, don't look for a few days. Yeah. Right. And if you know a big anniversary's coming or a birthday Yeah, that's right. It's assumed that yes, a gift is gonna be bought. So back in the day we would get Visa gift cards from like Target or something. Oh, so you're like, oh yeah, I'm buying, you know, we're spending, you know, whatever, a hundred, 200, whatever the price is. Yeah. And you don't know where it's being spent, but you know. That's right. Yes. A certain amount of money is being spent. And then, which I know not everyone has this Joshua, but twice, two big purchases.


I did concert tickets one time and then he bought me a ring. Mm. But we had, I had my mom buy the concert tickets and I was like, I'll just pay you back so he doesn't see, Ah, see, have never done that. That's a great Play. And then yes, the ring, which, which the friend was very generous of buying. How about that? And then Winston just ven modem after. That's brilliant. So, you know what I mean? Like, there's just kind of ways I feel, feel like, here's one more Around. It's one. Josh, I'll give you one more. Okay. The other thing is, is you pull the surprise off in a way that you tell her, Hey, surprise, we're about ready to go do this. And so she's surprised that you're doing it. In other words, I'm not gonna say the brand, but I did that once with Stacy.


We were, we went shopping on purpose. She didn't know. And, and we walked by one of her favorite stores, very expensive bags. And I said, Hey, let's go in here for a second. And she's like, Oh no, that's, I said, let's just do it. Yeah. So we go in and I had already planned and then I said, by the way, pick out, pick out something. Yes. And that was this. So she's part of it. So she's part of it. There's no moving funds. So I think we gave you several options there that I that was a new one. Yeah. The one where you have the friend buy it. Know you gotta have a good friend though, but you don't, but you know, you got the cash that I Yeah, yeah, yeah. That I swear. Yeah. Yeah.


But then would it still be considered, I mean this is, I'm still relatively new to having one checking account, but would it still be considered a gift from me if we're still both depositing like our direct deposits into the same account? Sure, of course it is. Yeah, that's what I'm sure I was trying to understand like it's, yeah, if it's our money, it doesn't mean that you have to like divide it up into, well I, this is how much I make, so I can only buy you a gift outta what I make. Yeah, no, it's, it's a whole household idea. Yeah. By the way, no wife is gonna be upset about that. Do you know what I mean? So you're gonna be great. Yeah. So it is a little bit of an emotional disconnect that once the, once the money hits the account, then it doesn't matter whose check it was or who brought it in, it's like here's how much money we have as a household to spend.


And, and I know like I once that we were so young when we got married, so that was kind of an easy thing. I don't know. We both like, it was a, it was a gradual easy That's right. Mindset. And I think it's harder when you get married later and you're so used to functioning like with your paycheck. Like I understand that's more of a hard, that was a, that's a harder kind of a emotional break of like, oh yeah, okay, it doesn't really matter. But it, but it's this like deep oneness of just saying, yeah, regardless of who brings in the money. Like this is our household account and out of this is how we spend our money. And that's gifts, that's bills, that's everything. But we just see it as one. And what that does, Joshua too is that that emotional perspective trickles down to other areas of your marriage.


And that's one reason we're so big on combining accounts is not just from the tactical side, even though it's, it makes running a household so easy when you're functioning outta one account. I mean, people that split bills and he pays the electric, she pays that. I mean like all of that, I'm like, oh my gosh. Yeah. It takes all of that work out, but then it does something. Yeah. When you are like, okay, we truly are like, what, what's the saying? Money, put your money where your mouth is. Or was that it? Like, it's that, I guess that's what you're saying. Dunno, That's saying, I'm trying to dance right now. I dunno, whatever that's Saying is, but it's just like, yeah, but like, if we say we are one together, like let's actually live out like we are and even with our money. Oh yeah. Absolutely. And I, and here's the thing, when if you are a young couple right now and you're listening to this, it's a lot easier to do this when you don't have, I mean, excuse me, it's, it's, you don't have to be so surprised and all this, but it's easier to kind of say when you're first starting out, you don't have a bunch of money to kind of go, this is what we're gonna do for each other for gifts this year.


We're gonna spend X amount and I'm making this up, but we're only gonna spend 150 for birthdays or whatever. You predetermined that. And therefore the surprise is within what am I doing with the one 50? Right? So maybe that'll help you Joshua, as you start out, as you start getting more income and a lot more discretionary income, then I think you take the advice that we just gave you. But you know, the little surprises would be if you have a category for fun money or whatever. I think back in the old day it was called a blow envelope. You blow the money. Well that's where, you know, instead of spending it on you playing golf or whatever it is you do, you surprise her with a little something one month and you get the win there. So that's how you do it. And I think his biggest question, I think was an interesting question is what is the dynamic in the psychology between taking two accounts, in other words, incomes and putting them together.


I thought that was an interesting question. I think a lot of people, I'm glad he brought it up. Yeah. I think a lot of people think through that. Yeah, For sure. 'cause it is different, especially if you're used to earning your money and functioning out of that paycheck. It, it is like kind of this level of like being exposed of like, okay, here we all are together of like working on this together. So, but yeah, it's well worth it. Joshua, follow Up question for you. 'cause you wrote a book called Know Yourself, know Your Money. You was a bestseller for couples. If you had young couples sitting with you and you were doing a quick little, All Right, here's one takeaway on entering into marriage and bringing those money styles Yes. Into the dynamic you've just laid out. What is a way to make sure that that transition of coming together maybe is a little smoother than if you just try to figure it out?


What would you say to that? You know, and I think this is probably in a lot of marriage the first year or two is I wish I had gone back and told myself and like told when like, I wish we had this mindset more that you don't have to change each other into each other. That's good. Like, I think there's this mindset, especially with money, that if you're a natural saver, that like your spouse needs to love saving as much as you, or if you love doing the budget and you check it all the time, like they, they, they should be doing that too. Or vice versa. Like he should relax, he should have more fun. I don't know, like there's a level of don't push each other to change who you are. Like you were attracted to your spouse for a reason, right? Yeah. And it's like, and usually opposites attract. So there's something about them that you love. That's why you got married. And so it's not that the personality has to be consistent, but the value system on which you live your life and your marriage and your family and where you're wanting to go long term, that needs to be consistent.


But the way you go about that, and I think it takes a level of humility to even say, maybe I could learn something from my spouse, you know, where I have a deficit they may be better at and vice versa. So there's, there's like, don't, don't create an enemy between each other. Embrace the differences. They're there for a reason and celebrate those. And then also have the humility think maybe, maybe I need a little bit of that, that he has, or that I, I could use more of that. That she has, you know, can I tell you something? Yeah. What do you think? That was A relationship goal. That's Oprah level stuff. You just dropped. Oh, I could Oprah on the couch across from you going, it's A lot of therapy. That's a lot of, I don't care how you got it. You just gave it and that was good folks.


Rewind that.


Hey listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work. If you become a victim, it's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


If you're a business owner, pay attention. Or if you know somebody, maybe a family member, friend, spouse that's running a business, you know that it is absolutely hard. And some days the challenges are gonna pile up a lot of fear, a lot of doubt that imposter syndrome can really, really be overwhelming. That's why you need Dave's new book. It's called Build a Business You Love. And he's unpacking his story, the plan all the way, all the way from the card table and he and Sharon's living room to now what is a $250 million business. It's a proven system. Think of it as the baby steps for running a business. You can pre-order it now for 29.99 and you're gonna get over $350 and free bonus items like the hiring playbook, the ebook, and they got an enhanced audiobook where it's not just Dave reading. I guess I've done all kinds of cool stuff. I don't dunno if you're gonna hear birds chirping, I don't know. I haven't heard it myself, but it is an enhanced audiobook make of that. What you will, you could pre-order today at the 29.99 and get all the free goodies by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. If you're watching on YouTube or listening to me a podcast, the link is in the show notes


to Salt Lake City. We go, Ryan, is there Ryan, How can we help today? Hi, I am just struggling to get on top of my debt. It feels like every time I get, you know, or I see a light at the end of the tunnel, I'm just, you know, there's something else that piles on on top of it and I would just like some advice on how I can, you know, continue to see the light at the end of the tunnel and just continue to work to try it on top of my debt. Mm. Okay. So how much debt do you have, Ryan? So I've got about $20,000 in debt. Okay. What's that in? So I would say about 15 to 16,000 of that is in credit cards.


Okay. And then the other, you know, five to six would probably be just stuck in medical right now. Medical. Okay. And how much are you making a year? I'm making about 55,000 for my base salary. Okay. And then I get paid commission that would take me to about 65 to 70,000. Okay. So after taxes, how much do you bring in a month? I'm bringing in about 4,300 a month right now. 4,300. Okay. Hmm. How much margin do you have out of that 4,300 take home? How much margin do you have at the end of a month if, if you haven't had a disaster or something like that, that you've stuck to the budget, paid everything, what's that look like?


I really throw everything that I can at my debt. So between my rent and my groceries and paying child support and everything that I've got when I'm really sitting at a hundred bucks at the end of the month. Okay. Okay. And are you on a tight budget, Ryan? Like do you have things written down before the month begins and you stick to it and you're like very, very, very, very diligent with your expenses? Yeah, I'm, I'm just sitting down and going through all of the minimal, basically I have everything. I'm following the baby stuff about, you know, having, I've got about two grand in savings right now. Okay. And I'm just throwing everything possible that I can at one debt.


It just, the thing that's hard for me is between my, I would say one of my big biggest expenses right now is my attorney fees. Just because it's, I'm still actively going through A divorce in custody Of my son and everything. Okay. And yeah, just throwing money that way. How much money are you spending a month on that, would you say? I mean, last month I just spent or I just paid him 1200 bucks. Okay. That's A huge difference. Yeah, for sure. Is there, do you see a, an end at all to that? Like, do you have any estimation on when that will be wrapped up? I'm hoping this year, I mean, my ex, she and I were never married.


Okay. So it's just been, you know, luckily I haven't had to deal with the divorce side of it, just battling For custody. Oh, I gotcha. But I've been battling Okay. Battling for custody. Custody custody since He was born. Yeah. Okay. And how old is it a son? Is that what you said? Correct. How old is he? He's Two. So this has been going on for two years. Yeah. Okay. But you're thinking there is a possibility of it of, of all this to be wrapped up at the end of this calendar year is what you're thinking? Correct. Yeah. We should just have one more hearing left. Okay. Okay. Well that's good. I mean, in a sense, I mean from the emotional toll that that takes plus freeing up some of that income because I think Ryan, for you right now, 'cause it's not a crazy amount of debt.


I mean, you know, 20,000, we, we've, we've had a lot worse even on today's show when there's been some more bigger numbers. So it's so doable. But I think it's an income issue at this point. 'cause I'm like, you know, after $5,300 a thou, you know, 1200 of that going to attorney fees, you know, I know it's not every month necessarily like that, but I mean that's a realistic idea of like, oh yeah, like there's a big chunk leaving. It's almost like you have to replace that in order to gain any level of traction. 'cause a hundred dollars extra, it's not really gonna move the needle much. Especially with these, with this credit card, $15,000 in credit card debt. And your interest rates, what? Probably 2022? They're actually relatively low because I've had these credit cards for a while now.


Okay. So I was able to stay on top of them. Okay. I was doing really, really well about, you know, just paying them off. I mean, only putting, you know, like putting gas and groceries on the credit cards and then just paying them off when I got paid. You said, you said that you've been throwing everything you can at the debt so far. How much, just give us maybe a three month average to the best of your memory or if you know it clearly, what is, what is the amount you've been putting above all of your bills? Towards the extra, the extra, what is that extra amount you've been putting towards debt every month? So I've got an American Express card that I just do a minimum payment, which right now is about, you know, $250.


I've got a Capital One that's about the same, $250. My visa is pretty low, but my visa, other than my attorney fees is the lowest amount. So I'm throwing probably $500 towards that. In addition is my question. I'm not talking your minimums, I'm saying are you? Oh, okay. I thought you had said that you're throwing, I'm trying to get an idea here. Sure. Because I'm, I'm going somewhere with this. How much extra beyond your minimums are you putting towards debt every month? Probably 300. Okay. Right now. As much as I can. And how often in the last five, six months have you gotten a big attorney bill?


It's almost been every single month at this point. And what would you say the average has been? Has it been in that $1,200 range? A thousand to 1200? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So good news, bad news, bad news is you're still in this fight and I don't know if that's gonna continue, but that is a massive chunk that if you didn't have that legal situation, now I'm gonna add that, I'm gonna say let's be modest and say a thousand dollars plus the 300 in addition you've been putting already, that's $1,300 a month. To Rachel's point, I'm trying to encourage you here and then give you something tactical. We can pay 20,000, we pay the five to six off really quick in medical and the 20,000 in credit card or Suzy 16,000 in credit card. We can pay that off really quick.


So the, you ask the question, how do I see the light at the end of the tunnel? And I think you gotta, you gotta just hang in there to go, once we get past the custody fight, the light is shining bright because you're gonna be able to put $1,300 a month towards, let's call it 21,000 change in debt. Correct? Correct. That's gonna go pretty quick. Now what do we do in the interim? My question is, what can you do professionally? What skillset and experience do you have that could potentially make you an additional thousand to $2,000 a month? You may not be able to do it, but I want you to at least ask the question and go, where could I do this?


Can I make an additional a thousand to $2,000 a month so that we can make some progress while we are in this fight? That would be my goal, Rachel, if I were him. Yeah, I mean if you just looked at this of like, you know, everything's on fire, I'm just, I am doing anything and everything. It doesn't matter hour of the day. And it's just kind of this like scorch earth feeling. And what's crazy, Ryan is if you even just threw, you know, $2,000, you're, you're done with this in November, you know what I mean? December, January, no question. But I'm like, it, it can happen so fast. The snowball effect can take so it can, it can start going in that momentum so fast, but it's the income side that's gonna do it.


And so it's, that's kind of the lever you have to pull and, and you're exhausted. I'm like, you're you're fighting custody, you're working full time. But, but I would up this 70,000 a year. I agree with some extra stuff that you can do. Again, even at extra thousand dollars a month, bringing something in 1200, 1300, anything extra, Ryan, that's gonna be your saving grace in this 'cause it, because it does get down to a math problem. That's right. And the income, I don't see many expenses that you can cut from what you've told me. That's right. So I think it is, it is just earning that extra income and it's for a short period of time. That's right. But then it's all done. And cut up the credit cards Ryan, like today, like get them out after we're done with this and be done with it. 'cause the temptation is to go back to those and you're gonna go deeper in the hole.


So just cut those out of your life completely.


Hey, What's up guys? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows student loan debt is a problem. It's me, my husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for auto pay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from student loan debt. If you want 'em gone, you can't mess around. Go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


All Right. I wanna say a very special happy birthday to one of our audience members that's watching live here in the studio. We just met her, her husband Eddie and Millie is 28 today, if I remember. I think she said 28. Is that right? Millie 28. So the audience is clapping for her. They're in Nashville. They came here. So fun. This was her big birthday thing. So we Get anniversaries, we get Aries, we get, we get a lot of Celebratory. Millie, thank you for sharing your special day with us. We're so happy to meet you. So hope you enjoy the rest of the show. I'll try to be on my best behavior now. All Right, let's go to Sean in Miami, Florida. Sean, How can we help?


Hi, how are you doing? I recently quit my job making 80,000 a year to start my own business. And I'm just wondering, having a little self-doubt, wondering if it was a mistake or not. Oh, what is making you wonder if this is a mistake? Tell me what's really going well. I am a single income family of four. I have two kids and I'm the sole provider. My wife hasn't worked since our, she got pregnant with our first child 15 years ago. So this is kind of a everything on my shoulders type of deal. How long have you been self-employed?


This would be my first time I have worked in My, Oh no, I'm literally saying I know you quit your $80,000 of your job. How long ago was that? How long have you been on your own without someone else Paying a week? A a week. Okay. A week. Well, All Right. That helps. That gives you some perspective. Do you have any clients lined up? Do you have any kind of a pipeline or is this, I mean, gimme some status. Okay. Tell me what we're at, what we're doing For years I've been saving towards this goal. I have about 80 k saved up in an investment account and about 40 k saved up in a savings account. Okay. Is that investment account, it's non-retirement, correct?


Yeah, it's just like a through the bank, a private perfect. Okay. Investment type of, I'm already, I gotta tell you, I'm already, indigestion is gone for you. All Right. The way you started this call, I was looking for a roll of Tums and that might be a two Tums call. I was starting to feel it. But you got, you got your 80,000, I'm proud of you for this. You've got the 80,000 that you walked away from in an investment account and you got an additional 40. Do you have any debt? No, I've paid off all three of my cars. We do not own a house. We rent, I've rented the same house for 12 years and my rent has not moved. So I'm in a very good f.


Fantastic. Fantastic. All Right. Now tell me about the revenue. I understand we've got 80 put away, which is great. That gives you a 12 month Hassle. Well, I also have, I also have three months of my bills paid ahead of time before I quit. I went ahead and paid three months of rent, three months of insurance. Sean, Sean, what are you, do what, what's the job that you're doing now? What's the company? Yeah, what are you doing now? So I'm, I'm a diesel technician by trade. I work on heavy duty trucks and fleet services. Okay. Do you have clients signed up that have already said Eddie? I mean, excuse me, Sean, we're staying with you. Yes, I, I have regular customers who, who have dealt with me, you know, for years on the weekends and side work like that.


Are they your current clients? I have, I have to. I just, I just started my LLC Monday, so technically no ones signed up for it yet. I have just created A, does anybody know out on this? I understand the technical side, but do these people know that you've left company X, Y, Z that was employing you and now you're going out on your own? Do they know this? Yes. Yes. I've done a few side jobs for these employees already. Have you gotten any kind of verbal commitments to say, Hey, we wanna stay with you Sean? Yeah. Yeah. Okay then. So best gut here, let's be modest and I think you're the perfect guy by the way. I wanna congratulate you. You, if someone called me up and said, what should I do to transition from day job to working for myself?


I kid you not Sean. I would say exactly what you said. You went above and beyond what I would've said. You've prepaid your bills. I mean this is really, really responsible. So responsible. Yes. So I want to applaud you 'cause I am trying to get your pulse to drop. Now the focus is how quickly are we getting paid? Start working on diesel engines and I think you're in the right trade, by the way. I think you should do fine. But modestly, what do you expect over the next 90 days? Let's take the next three months. What do you expect to be able to make doing the diesel mechanical? Well, Immediately I'm gonna have to put up about 15 to 20 grand because I'm gonna need a truck and some of the larger shop equipment that I was using, I have all of my personal tools, but you will need larger tools that the shop was providing before.


Alright, So we're gonna take that out of the 40 grand we set aside. So now we got 20 grand set aside. So you think that, Okay, but you didn't answer my question and I love it. You told me that. But my question is, what do you anticipate making over the next three months revenue? Well, I was planning on hopefully being able to pull down at least three to four grand a month. Great. So all that said, I don't think you've made a huge mistake. If you believe that you've got a pipeline that's out there as you begin to get out there and hit the pay button People Yeah. You're in the same industry, which is such a great, right. You're going from one thing to the other, but it's the same clientele.


Like it's Yeah. It's the same contacts and everything. Yeah. It's not like you're doing this and if you got Income, you're going into Computer sales or something, you know? Yeah. So let me go forward Sean, and maybe give you a litmus test, okay. For yourself. If you go three to four months without any income and you're not getting any client saying, Hey, I want you, and you have to start eating into that 80,000, I think then you start to go what is not, what's not working? And why is it not working as of right now? Right. I'm not, I'm not able to say that you've made a mistake. I don't think you have. You strike me as such a responsible guy Thing. The great thing in, in my position is with all my certifications and qualifications, I could walk across the street right now and any other company would Hire me.


Yeah, that's what Rachel was saying. She's great. Yep. And Rachel was pointing that out. She's Right. Well, I always have that as a fallback. Yes. And you are in high demand, are you not? I I, I have two grandfathers who have opposing views on this situation. Both are company owners. One says business loan gamble with someone else's money, and the other person says to use my 40,000 in savings. Yes, We agree with him. You already told you what I said to do. You go get the truck. Yeah. And I was gonna challenge you on that, by the way. If you can rent the equipment in the first 90 days, I'd rent it If it's cheaper now if it's cheaper to buy, then buy it. 'cause you've got the 40,000 set aside and you only need, what you're anticipating is 20,000 in expenditure.


So, but if it was me, I would rent if it was a, a decent savings. You know, it's kinda like, All Right, I'm out on my own now instead of buying all this equipment, maybe I rent it. Yeah. If again, it's cheaper. Cheaper, Yeah. And I would caution you so much, Sean, of opening that debt door. Yeah. 'cause once you do that, especially with small businesses, 'cause what what Ken said was right, it's like once you kind of have a litmus test of like a timeline and if they, if you're three, four months in and it's like something's not working. Yeah. When you open the door of debt, we've seen this so much that people just, well, I'll just make it one more month or two more months and you end up in such a hole and then it doesn't work. Let's say it doesn't. Now you have all this business debt and no business.


It's like going to college and getting a student loan and not even getting the degree right. So like it's, it is not even worth entertaining that idea. Move at the speed of cash. And I'm telling you, the stress load when you don't have a bank asking for their payment, I mean, it changes your decision making too. Sean, you are in such a peaceful place right now and you're making such sound smart decisions. Stay there. Do it's worked, right. It's working. So don't, don't change that. Yeah, Absolutely. Sean, I, I, again, I applaud you. Well done. I know if, If you wanna be extra conservative and your wife is willing, I don't think she needs to. But if you wanna be extra conservative and your wife is willing to work for three to six months just to offset some stuff, then that'd be an idea as well.


But she doesn't have to. I'm not recommending that. Yeah. And maybe that's an option. Like if you're kind of getting there four months in and you think it, you know, you both see the light, but it's like, hey, look, two or three months of something would feel better. Maybe she does do that, right? I mean like, you know, there's some, there's just To avoid touching the 80, I guess is, and I'm only saying that as a super conservative, I'm not recommending that she go back to work. I'm just trying to show you every option because what Rachel just said is gold. The idea of not having debt is all about peace. And there's nothing worse than going after the dream. And Sean, is this a dream for you? Yes. There is nothing worse than going after a dream. And it becomes a nightmare.


And I think you set this up to where you're not gonna have any nightmares it And it's in such demand. You're in such a great industry. Oh, no risk here. So I think you're gonna do great Sean, I really do. You Have zero risk right now, but if you take out debt, you bring risk in. But right now, zero risk. And man, what a great way to achieve the American dream.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And There's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. I love these reports so far. Get this, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and save me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY that comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. It's amazing. So again, that's join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, win in your profession, and win with your relationships alongside the fabulous, very springy today. Rachel Cruz. I'm Ken Coleman. Just trying to keep up. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Charlotte, North Carolina. I believe it's known as the queen city. Rachel, I like to give her useless facts and sometimes you at home appreciate them. Or maybe let's that you don't at all. David is there, David, How can we help Rachel and Ken, so excited to talk with you. Yeah, it is the queen city. And You're right Ken. I'm doing my part, Doing my, you just made his day, David.


You just made his his day. Thank. Thank you David. Yeah, awesome. Well yeah, I've been on the RAMSEY plane now 20 years. I found you guys back in oh five. Got out of debt in less than 18 months as you teach and have lived below my means on the personal and business side ever since. Good for you. Today's question is in regards to the tariffs. I own a business and in December I made our largest ever investment in equipment. And I paid in full when I ordered back in December. Took four months to make and it's ready to ship now. Mm. It's coming from China. Ah. And so two days ago I was told if I want to import it, it's gonna cost 80% of what I paid just for the product.


But now with today's news, what? 145%? So I'm just trying to figure out. Yeah. And who knows what Trump's gonna do out. He might just get excited. Go 300%. I mean we're in a full scale trade war right now. And this is real stuff right here. This is where this kinda stuff you've heard me comes down. Yes. Yammer about it in private. Oh yeah. Now it's real. Ken, are you with Go Ken. So what, I'm pretty fired up actually. I'm pretty pissed off. Go Ken. Go because I'm gonna say this real quick and then we're gonna get into the numbers. Tariffs are taxes and we have never in the history of this great country taxed our way into prosperity. And it's the Davids of the world that are gonna get hit hard on this. So let's talk real situation.


What's your question based on where you stand right now, and I'll start working through this with you. So I know that since I already paid back in December, right, that's a sunk cost as you always say, right? I mean, do I pay the 80% or even now 145% or 300%, like whatever it is, or do I wait to see if it comes down? But as you say, you know, shoot, it could go up, right? So Yeah, so the question I have for you is if, let's just assume, let's play this out as though you got scammed and you paid for this and you're never gonna get the equipment, where does that put you in your actual business?


How does that affect your business, your ability to provide to your customer what you need to provide? I mean, because I've followed your plan and paid in cash, then you know, it's, it's a hard lesson, but we're gonna make it right For my book. So we not getting that equipment. But you need the equip. That's what I'm trying to get at. I mean, will it interrupt? Go Ahead. No, I mean I can, I can rent and I mean I got a couple jobs up in May that next month that I need it for, but I've, I've already just planned to rent now anyway. Okay. Because they delayed the shipment had, had we received it when we were supposed to, oh, this wouldn't even be an issue, but, Alright. And just for real numbers, what is the actual, since you've already paid cash, what is the actual dollar amount that you're going to owe as of today?


If you were to call them and go ship it, what's the actual cost? Not the percentage of the tariff, but the actual cost to you? So as of, Yeah, as of two days ago it was 53,000. And just so the American people that are listening in here can hear this, what would it have been under the previous tariff? I'm not sure. I'm, I'm not sure. Maybe 25,000. No, not if it's not, if it's 125. So it it's a sizable chunk to you. So if it were me, I'd wait to see what happens because of what you said.


I would delay shipment. Absolutely. I would delay. Yeah. Is There any harm, David, if you said, Hey, I'm gonna just wait six months in any job I have between now and then I'm just gonna rent for No the they'll just hold it. It's not gonna get any worse. Sure. I I'm not gonna sit here and tell you that I know what Trump's gonna do or Xi Jing is gonna do. I don't know, but I don't exactly think it's gonna get demonstrably worse. I mean, we're talking cartoonish levels right now, 125% tariff. Let's just be honest. Trump is negotiating and who knows if it's going to work, but this is absurd. So I would sit on the sideline because you can't, I think that's absolutely that. I think the play, yeah, I wish, and I wish I could say more.


How much does it cost David, to rent what you're gonna do? How much will that be out of pocket? Yeah, so that's not too much. It, it, it depends on the size, Like a couple grand or like 10. Yeah. So for, for the first event, it's gonna cost maybe about four grand. The the, the second event it's gonna cost maybe about eight or nine grand. Okay. So because there is a point of diminishing return that Right. You end up renting so much that you could have Good question. Could had it and you know, Well then I point you go, All Right, I'm gonna eat the 53. So there's almost like a timeline, David, of, you Know, well, but if you're renting is based on the job, do you, do you price in the renting to the job? Oh yeah. I mean, yeah. Yeah. I'll mark It up. Yeah. So then my point is, is then as long as you can do that, I, to Rachel's point, I would never, I would not pay this tax.


Yeah. But you gotta understand something, David. You gotta take what I'm saying with about a bag of salt because I hate taxes. Like, right. The only thing I hate more than taxes is Satan. I mean that's, that's the honest to god truth. So taxes come from hell and so they're related. That's my take on it. And so I would sit tight and I'm really sorry this is happening. No, I'm really sorry, but I'm glad you called. I sorry, David. And I'm also glad by the, I'm Glad I found you allall years ago because that I, that I, I'm in a position to where I can wait, you know, your Hands tied, this is why cash is king Yep. For small businesses. Absolutely. Because you cannot control what a president does or what a premier of another country does.


And you're, you're stuck in the crossfire here, but Right. Ken, you were just on, I'm gonna, I was just on Fox business about this As I was gonna say, you were just on, And I said this was what I was worried about. Yeah. And this is, and for our audience, I wanna be very clear, this is not a political statement, right? This is not a Republican statement. This is not a, because even within The Republican party, this issue divided, very divided because you got Reagan people, I mean, they very Divided very, Even, even within it, people have different opinions. But what I'm gonna say is, is that I personally am speaking personally, not on behalf of The Ramsey Show, but I'm speaking from an economic standpoint as a conservative, I am not for taxes ever. It's the last resort. Do I think taxes are necessary to fund the government?


Yes, of course. But what I said in New York on that, on that show, and I'll say it right now, this is why I am not in favor of a trade war. When you go to war with commerce, Rachel, the very act of war means one side has to lose. And I know we got very opinionated people saying, China's done this for a long, I'm not disagreeing with any of that. What I'm saying is forget the reason why Trump's doing it. I'm not debating it. I'm saying the outcome is pain and hopefully gets better. You'll hope that this goes away. Yeah. And that Trump gets to zero zero, right? Everybody wants that, by the way. Yeah. I don't care what side of the aisle you're on. Sure, sure. But I am concerned about the impact on small business.


And so what I would say is, I said all that to say this. If you're a small business owner like a David, now is a great reminder that you cannot control geopolitics. What you can control is socking money away and don't get in debt because David is actually able to weather what could be a really ugly storm because of that. That's my whole point. So I hope all of you didn't get your wr your feathers ruffled. The point I'm making is you gotta be able to withstand economic ups and downs that sometimes are policy driven. So hopefully this all gets settled pretty soon. But make no mistake, folks, the the, the deal with China, it affects more small businesses than any other country.


So hopefully it works out. Crossing my fingers,


We've all got people we love and things we've worked hard for that we want to protect. So to keep them safe, I've recommended simply safe home security for over 10 years now because they're the best. You see, traditional security systems only start working after somebody's already broken in, which is too late. But SimpliSafe, active guard outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. And SimpliSafe agents can see and speak to potential intruders to help stop trouble before it makes it to your door. SimpliSafe is 24 7 protection for your home, inside and out. And even though SimpliSafe is the best, it's affordable, monitoring starts at around a dollar a day. Your first month is free and they offer a 60 day money back guarantee. Plus there are no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. And right now you get 50% off a SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring. So head to SimpliSafe direct.com to save 50%. That's SimpliSafe direct.com. There's no safe, like simply safe.


Are you sick and tired of being sick and tired? You can take control of your money and your relationships and it starts with just one night. Join me and Dr. John Delony LIVE in a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. We're covering the real life stuff that matters so you can break the cycles that have left you stuck. It's coming up fast. So get your tickets for Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour today. Well, you know, some days we have a fabulous audience most days for the show. We have a fabulous audience who comes to the lobby here at Ramsey Solutions and and we can see these fine people looking through the glass.


We go out and say hi and all that kinda stuff. And today it happens to be a birthday day. We've had a lot of birthdays, two birthdays. And So we had young Millie who was 28, and now we just met the fabulous Carol who just turned 80 a couple days ago. And she's got the team out there and notice the glasses. She's got a sash, what do you call that? Yeah, A sash I think. Yeah, she's got a tiara and she's got these fabulous glasses, James. And She's hating this right now, I think. Is it? And she, By the way, Carol looked as though she was in shock, James. And she's very embarrassed by all the attention. And so one of the party that she's with loaned me their glasses. So I wanted to say a special happy birthday to you, Carol.


So great. You look fabulous. You don't look a day over 50. And we're, we're very blessed that you're here and, and, and They're about to hit the town they're gonna go to. You should meet 'em at Broad on Broadway glasses. I Actually, I'm gonna ask James if I can take the rest of the show off and I'm just gonna head the looked like, are you ready to play Benny in the Jets or something right now? Yeah. Benny in the Jets. So there you go. Out. There you go. How about that? Very fun stuff. Great. So happy birthday again. So fun. So Fun. When people spare, spend their special day with us. I know. We get anniversaries, we get honeymoons sometimes. Yeah, we do. That's always the craziest. Always one. Always great. I'm like, they can't believe you're here on your honeymoon. Fun. Whatcha Y'all doing here? So fun.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why refi, why Refi offers a different approach to paying off your defaulted private student loans with a low fixed rate for less stress. Go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


All Right. Today's question comes from Aiden in New Mexico. My wife Hasn a contract business consultant and is also self-employed as an artist when it comes to paperwork. She's very disorganized. It has gotten to the point where I have taken my tax documents to a tax preparer twice because I didn't want the IRS auditing me. I beg her every year to get her stuff together and to file on time, but it never happens. Which leads to arguments. How do I get her to understand the seriousness of this situation? Oof. That's tough. Well, it's taxes. I'm like it's Oh, back, back to taxes. Yeah, but you gotta do it. Yeah. And that, that's what I was gonna sayable. Like so this is a relationship as you hate it issue, but in this situation, it's not you coming to the, to the table with a, Hey, let me tell you about these baby steps.


Lemme tell you about this RAMSEY plan. I'd like to get us on a budget. Like this is the federal government, this is the Law. This is, yeah. There's a wiggle room here. So it it, it seems like it needs to be a reality check. This isn't trying to get her on board, right. This is like, we will go to jail. This is the law. And I don't think I look good in orange, sweetheart, you know, or whatever you gotta say here, I, this comes back to a relationship thing. But I, I hate to make it so simplistic. I, I want you to weigh in, but I, I think it is, Hey, this is super serious. This isn't my opinion. We have to do this. Let's make this a lot less difficult by let's get all our stuff together and be, be on the same page.


Yeah. And I think self-awareness is huge because she's an artist. And I'm not point, I'm not pointing fingers, but I do think there is a, I think that's a fair point. When you are an artist, you, there is a little bit more of a free spirit within you. Right? That's a great word. Sam. Numbers is usually not your strength and vice versa. People that are great with numbers are terrible usually at being creative. So it's a, it's a, again, it it is how you were wired and gifted. And then I think it is a self-aware adult to say, Hey, I have things and weaknesses in my life and in my personality. I'm gonna be an adult and I have to obey the law. But also what systems can I put in place to help me in those weaknesses? 'cause I'm not naturally good at all of this. Right. She's very disorganized is what he said.


So, so that would be more of the conversation of, Hey, what can we do to help you? It's not a point the finger Yep. At you constantly. It is, Hey, yeah, this is the law, so it has to be done. So what systems can we put in place together? Yep. And as the husband, I'm here to help you. And I mean, and he's like on his own where he's like, I'm just taking my tax documents and blah over here, which I get. 'cause he doesn't wanna go to jail either, right? So He's gotta hedge at his bet. Yeah. Seriously. But I think it's, it is, Hey, how can I help us help you? That's right. Put some systems into place. I think that's right. But there is a point that she has to be an adult, right? Like yes you can, you can be on that, you can, you can carve a situation in a conversation a certain way to a point.


But there's also a point, Kim, with all of this, especially the law, but then other things of like, my wife just continues to spend more. There's just a point that like you, you're not able to change that person. No. And they have to be the adult and it's sad when they're not. Yep. But we see that a lot around here, but It's a really tough situation. Thanks for sharing the question with us. Knoxville, Tennessee, the home of Go Balls. Rachel's alma mater. Go balls. Sam is there. Sam, How can we help? Yes. I have a question for you. Regarded to my truck have a a 2001 truck and it just rolled out of warranty. I intend to keep the truck for a longer period of time, or at least I hope so.


And was offered an extended warranty by the dealership. And so what I did is added up all of the cost of repairs that wouldn't have been covered or were covered by warranty that no longer would, and it came out to about 8,800 bucks in four years that I've owned the truck. So it hasn't been necessarily super reliable, very expensive to repair. And as I intend on keeping the truck or want to keep the truck, I kind of wanna explore my options. Should I buy this warranty for $5,600? Should I risk it continue driving the truck for another a hundred thousand miles without warranty?


Or should I go out and get a new truck with a fresh warranty? What, what's your opinion and kind of just want to gauge a direction to go in. What's been the repairs? I mean about 2000 a year is what it ends up being. What has it been? Yeah, it, it's really little stuff to be honest with you. It's the motor in the tailgate. It's got one of these automatic tailgates. It was the air conditioning control module in the dash. It was a sensor in the, I guess the parking sensor system. Yeah. It, yeah. So What I'm concerned about Go ahead, Go ahead. Well I was gonna say, I mean, you know, as you kind of look through this from a math perspective, it's less than like 200 bucks a month is what it ends up being, which just feels expensive.


Like if the stuff isn't being fixed, like that's one issue. But I'm not a big fan of extended warranties because I'm like, it's the thing should work. And if not, I would rather it be in my court again, unless there's some crazy recall right now, Sam, and they're like, you know, giving you some discounts on the extended warranty or whatever it may be. But I, we usually factor in cars. We have a sinking fund that we've set up that if anything goes wrong with the cars, we use that sinking fund. So again, for yours, it's coming out to be around $200 a month. So I would probably just set some money aside and then hopefully most of this gets fixed. Because I mean, the fact that you're keep going in and in for repairs is, that's frustrating.


Yeah, no, you, you're right. And for me it's not really a money issue. You know, the truck's paid off, right? The 200 bucks a month is really negligible based on our income. It's more kind of a, I guess a psychological field. Do I keep throwing money at a truck Versus No, that's a different question versus That's where I came down. Exactly. Yeah. That's A different question. So that's where I came down. I agree with everything Rachel said. I'm gonna come down on this one and go, I'm the kind of guy, this is the way I'm wired where I'm, I'm not gonna keep dealing with this truck. I'm gonna go, this thing's a lemon. Or it's an issue with the manufacturer and they just don't do a good job making the parts and I'm just tired of this mess for me.


'cause I, in your situation, I would be in the same boat. Any mechanical work I gotta do, I'm not stressed out about it. I got the money set aside, whatever, whatever, whatever. But it's like, it's time. Time is money. Remember that old phrase kind of true. It's A 2001 Sam, is that what you said? Yeah, it's a two, 2001 with 80,000 miles on it. And it's a, it's a hybrid and I don't know if you kind of look into some of these hybrid issues, but if the hybrid motors or the battery, Is it a 2021 Or no, 2001. 2001. I didn't know they were making hybrids in oh one. No, it's a 21. No, no, 2021. Oh, 21. Yep. Yeah, you kept saying oh one, I was like, man, they were ahead of their game with I Know 2021, 2001. I couldn't spell hybrid in 20,000.


Okay, so 2021, that makes way more sense. Yeah, I was Like this I get rid of, it'd sell about four years old. I'd sell it. Okay. And that's somebody else's problem. And I'd go get myself a truck that had a much higher rating that I'm not in the shop all the time. Cash. Yeah. And again, it's just the nick, these are like little paper cuts. It feels like what a nuisance, man. I'd be like, why would I buy your warranty? How about you make a better truck? That's what I'd have said to the dealer. But I can be sassy that way. But I feel like that's true. Yeah, no, no. Absolutely sassy. Can I, I got an idea. Why don't you make a better truck that I don't need all this warranty. 'cause all this stuff seems to, that's hard. Yeah. Little piddly stuff. So I know you got the cash I'd get rid of the nuisance.


Let it be somebody else's problem. All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. So why, why is that? Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union.


So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric. Yes.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. You know, that's why we're partnering with them because they're, they're, they've got a scope to be able to handle the RAMSEY audience and they're the right kind of people with the right kind of values. And they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. So again, you guys, I know it can be a pain to switch banks or to open up new accounts, but Fairwinds again, they make it so easy. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, You guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Alright, business owners last call. The pre-sale for the brand new book, build a Business You Love Ends April 15 pre-order now and get over $350 worth of free bonus items to help you hire smarter, lead stronger, and grow faster. This is not theory, it's the system I use to grow my company from nothing. And the same framework we've coached thousands of business owners through. You can only get the bonuses at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. So don't wait pre-order now.


Alright folks, when we talk about money and relationships, it just brings up all kinds of emotions for people because that's where so many relationships can go bad. I mean, we take calls all the time on the show where it, it poses as a money question, but it's really now become a relationship issue. Money fights are the leading cause of divorce. Kids go into debt for a job, we're isolated. Don't feel like we can live the life we wanna live 'cause we're so strapped. But it's possible to break that cycle in your money and in your relationships. That's why Dave RAMSEY and Dr. John Maloney are headed out on the Money and Relationships tour. They're gonna be handling all of those issues and taking some really fun questions, things from the audience that they vote on. It's gonna be a very different format. And they're coming to a city near you. Louisville, April 21, Durham. April 23, Atlanta, April 25, Phoenix, may five, Fort Worth May 7th, and Kansas City on May 9th. You can get your tickets to join them live at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. If you're listening via podcast or watching on YouTube, click the link in the show notes to get your money and relationship tour event ticket with Dave RAMSEY and Dr. John Deloy.


Back to the phones we go. Bozeman Montana is where Bear waits for us. I gotta tell you Bear, I wish my name was Bear, bear Coleman. I think I'd Are you a much bigger deal? I'm doing well. How are you? Oh, still up operating, breathing. So I'm quite happy. Well say that again. I'm still bright and breathing so I'm quite happy. I love you bear. I hope that doesn't make you uncomfortable. Is that your given name or a nickname? I used your guys' anonymous feature. Oh, so you named yourself Is that I just said thought of something and then it's like where, who, who do I know who doesn't know my nicknames?


And I love it most of my life from family. So I love that you're, you Know, we appreciate that. Sometimes we'll give an anonymous name if it's a personal question. We love that. So that you can see I love this man bear from Bosman. You know, that's a Ken and I will come back at the end of the segment and tell you what our anonymous name would be. That's, I'm gonna pick a name. Let's keep my anonymous name. That's gonna be great. We'll reveal that at the end here. This is gonna be great. But bear first and foremost, How can we help you? Well, I have some questions about job offers and I don't wanna sink myself because I've How'd you say I'm trying to get ahead and I've been wise with my money. I, I believe, and I would like to get farther ahead given that I am currently single and own own property and looking at buying more property.


But where there's a brand new job offer that came up and I don't wanna jump and then make purchase and then all of a sudden I'm finding that I'm in trouble. Why would you be in trouble? You know what I mean? What could go wrong by taking this new job? Well if, If job goes wrong. Okay. If, if the job goes wrong, Is there, is there, in your mind, is there a high percentage chance, medium percentage chance or low percentage chance that the job could go wrong? Probably low. What's the job? Hello? I think the bear Oh no, has stepped in a trap.


That's unfortunate. We're going to put him on a hold. Oh shoot. If we can get bear back. I think he stepped in a phone trap. He's gone. He was there and now he's not. That's really unfortunate. Let's go to Tyler in Des Moines, Iowa. Tyler, How can we help? Hey Ken. Hey Rachel. Thanks for taking my call. You Bet. What's up? So I'm 26 and my fiance and I are getting married in a month or so and we have a lot that we purchased with cash and we're waiting to build and we're just kind of wondering is it better to build or wait or like build this summer or buy a house in cash since I were so young.


Okay, so you have a lot and then you have cash, extra cash and you're saying should we take this cash and build on the lot or go buy a home? Yep. Okay. Is is the cash that you guys have saved enough to buy a home that's reasonable for you guys? So like I can give you some numbers just to Yeah, That's great. So like, So we have like 30,000 in single stocks. I know you guys don't like single stocks, but that's All Right. You got 30,000, The lots were at 75, So we could sell that maybe money market is 120,000 checking.


We have about 12,000 in and our cars are worth. Okay, well tell me this. So that's about, I mean, but not including the lot. You got one 50, but that I would want you to have an emergency fund out of that. So we're down to maybe a hundred. Do you, and if and if you sold the lot, could you buy a home for 1 75 in your area that you guys would be happy with It? Probably no less than two 50. Okay. So like, so we're currently living in a trailer. Okay. And I could sell that for another 30. Okay. So I mean, yep. Okay. So what I would probably do honestly, Tyler is, is rent.


I'm not a big fan of motor homes 'cause it is something that goes down in value so quickly. So there's a part of me that would just sell that and then you guys go rent somewhere for a year or two, stock up some cash, kind of see where you're at. And I, I wouldn't, I don't think I would, I wouldn't make big moves on selling the lot and all of this because you guys could get a few years down the road and wanna build depending on, you know, the situation. Is the lot somewhere you would wanna live? Yeah, it's about five minutes from where I live now, so Yeah. But you guys like the area and all of that then where the lot is? Yeah. Okay. Do you guys, would you guys wanna build on it eventually? Is that like a dream you have?


Yeah, like we were planning in July, but with tariffs and everything, we're not sure because we were trying to keep our mortgage payment at 2,500. 'cause we're seeing like nine to 10,000 like coming into our checking every month. Okay, good. So that kind of keep 25 for sure. For sure. So, okay. Yeah, well I would either just stay put where you guys are for a year or sell the trailer and go rent somewhere for a year or two. I don't think there's any big rush. And I think to your point with everything that's kind of going nuts right now, just kind of letting all that settle and then look up and say, okay, either we're gonna just, you know, buy a home and live in it for five, six years, you know, get our family established and then build our dream home on this lot years down the road.


Or if you guys have the cash available and you wanna do the home buying or the home build process, then you could do that. But I don't think I would sell this lot right now. No, I, I don't, I wouldn't do that. I would, I would be renting until I knew what my next probably five year plan would be housing wise. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So that'll, and, and I think too, renting, especially your first year of marriage and stuff, it's just, it's just easy having people kind of take care of what needs to be taken care of and you're not having to deal with home ownership and all of that. So that's probably what I would do, Tyler. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it. Yep, Absolutely. Thanks for the call. Yeah, Thank you so much. Yep. Do we have time? Can we, do we, do we think we have Bear? We're gonna go back to bear.


We'll see if we can do this really quick. Let's see where, where is Bear? There he is. Line four Bear. We got you back. We only got about a minute. Here's where we left off. What is, what would have to happen for your new job offer to truly go bad? What would you have to do or what would have to be a, a circumstance that would cause that job to just kind of go away? Well, how'd you say I, I do very skilled and specialized utility work and I'm sitting pretty All Right right now with about 70,000 a year.


All Right. And Could you pop back into that work if it didn't work out this new job? I could, yes. And how much more will the new job pay? I've got just a little bit of time so I'm asking quick questions. How much more would this new job pay you than you're making Now? About $7 more an hour. Probably 15,000 more A year. So it's low risk. Do you wanna do it or do you not wanna do it? What's your heart wanna do? Gotta gimme an answer. I Think to go for the higher Go for the higher pay, I think It's the higher pay, but I would, I'm for it. I think it's low risk. I'd like to see you try it bear we know we can fall back on a very well paying job with a highly sought after skill.


I like it. No risk there. Little risk. So go for It. It, if you're single, you're, if you, you go home for a little bit, that's okay. And then if you hate it, That's exactly right. Alright, real quick, what's your anonymous name? I got mine. Oh, I'm going Lillian. I went with the nature theme. I thought about animals. Kamado, koala, kangaroo. None of that worked.


Are you sick and tired of being sick and tired? You can take control of your money and your relationships and it starts with just one night. Join me and Dr. John Delony LIVE in a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. We're covering the real life stuff that matters so you can break the cycles that have left you stuck. It's coming up fast. So get your tickets for Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour today.


Lillian? Huh? That's the anonymous Name. Yeah, you go in a going flower. Where Does that come from? It was my grandmother's name. Oh. And I went, I went Nature. Okay. I bear animal. You think Lillian is nature? Lillian a Lily. Oh, I see. But it's an extra little, Just a little extra There. A little something. Okay, Let's go to Deborah in Santa Barbara. Deborah, How can we help today? Hi guys. I need some advice. I'm in trouble. Oh no. Oh no. Deborah, you sound like you're in the corner. You remember like when we were kids, your parents sent you to the corner. Sound like you might be in the corner. Deborah, let's go. No shame in your game. What's going on? Yeah, Definitely on the cusp.


Uhoh. Okay. I have two houses. Okay. One, I was renting out the renter went away, totally trashed the place. Oh no. Left the place broken. Haven't fixed it. Had a lousy, lousy, horrible, horrible 20, 24 year. And it's left me with $70,000 worth of credit card debt. Oof. Because of the house or because of other things? The house trying to get it people to help get it repaired, that kind of thing. It's still sitting not repaired. It's been eight months. So I've lost that income. And then my income went down from five days a week to three days a week. So that also hit me.


Plus I had like knee surgery, I have kids living with me, I have grandchildren living with me. And honestly, the money I have now, I can't make the bills every month. And so I've been putting my utilities on the credit card and that kind of thing. And this is over a year and it's all added up and okay, here I am. All Right. This house, let's talk about this house, Debra. The, the rent, how much do you owe on it? On, on the rental? I own zero. Oh it's paid for the, it's paid for, I inherited from my father. Oh Wow, okay. Okay. I figured, I figured when I'm 65 I'd move there and retire and there you go.


Have no mortgage. Meanwhile, my other little home, which is condo, I owe about $114,000 on. Okay. And that's the one I'm currently living in. Okay. How much is the, is the house that your dad left you? How much is that worth? Oh, probably about 650,000. Okay. How much is the condo worth? Probably about 400,000. Okay. And where do you wanna be long term? The condo or the home? Well, in the home. 'cause condo's upstairs kind of Thing. Okay. You know? Yep. For sure. I like where I live, but like I said, I've got, I've got grown children living with me.


We're talking thirties, 30. Why are, are, I've got one. Why are they living with you? Because they got no place else to live. One, one injured his back. He's got like a 10 vertebrae fusion. He's looking to get on SSI he hasn't worked in a couple of years. And then the other one, he's got three kids, 12-year-old, a 10-year-old and a 7-year-old. And believe me, we, we don't have room. You know, I've got people sleeping on the couch, you know, but I've been paying all the bills and I've asked for help. They don't help. One of 'em can't. He just doesn't even have a job anymore. The one that does work construction, he does have income, but he doesn't contribute and he doesn't wanna help do the repairs.


That, that was part of the thing is he was supposed to repair the, the one house, the rental house. And he's been, I, I guess he's been baloney giving me a bunch of bologna for months on end here. Now These are sons. These are my sons. Yeah. My blood sun. Yeah. Yeah. It's heartbreaking. I mean it's, it, it's a, it's a mess. The boundaries here are completely Yeah. Intertwined. And it's not working for you Deborah. And so you're not able to help people when you're drowning and you're drowning, you're putting your utilities on credit cards. You can't afford this life anymore. Exactly. So Exactly. So they need to leave. I mean like, like yeah, there has to be a conversation of I can't support you nor should I.


They are grown adults and, and you need to give them a runway, Debra, 30, 60 days. And because you can't afford it, like you guys, you can't afford this situation. And so, yeah. So what I would do, I don't, do you wanna be in the, would you wanna be in the house? I mean, I would sell the condo, go move in the debt free house, you know, you have 200 hundred Percent And then you have $275,000 pay off the credit cards. You have 200 grand and now you get to live your life. Like this is an immediate turnaround, Deborah. And it makes the most sense. Yeah. That and that would be the rest of my income for the rest of my life. I am 62 right now. What Do you have in retirement?


Eh, about 6,000. Okay. Not much. So you, so yeah, so you're gonna have to up your income, you are gonna have to work longer, but you'll have that 200 grand and that's not gonna be enough probably for retirement long term. So you are gonna have to be working some more, but this will, this will fix a lot of this mess right now. Yeah, that's, that's what I'm, I'm trying to figure out. Yeah, so that's 'cause I'm literally having to borrow money even to pay the minimums right now. Yeah. And that's from other people. Yep. Yep. Well there's Nothing to figure out. I mean, I want you to understand that you have one clear option here and it's the option we just gave you. And this is going to get you out of this desperate situation, this wacky situation.


Quite frankly, it's not desperate, it's just wacky and set you up for the future. Now you're right, but you at least got a $200,000 head start and you're gonna have to work and you're gonna sock away as much money as possible. We'd love to see you get a smart investor pro if you do not have one. And let's map out what do we need to do over the next five to seven to eight to maybe 10 years to make sure that you have more margin as you age, but at least you gotta pay for a home. That is also a tremendous asset for you as well. Yeah, no, it's a blessing and I, I know it is, but you know, and what about my grandkids though? What About 'em? I don't wanna make my grandkids homeless. That's not your problem.


I know that sounds heartless. It shouldn't, but I feel like it does. But that's not your problem. You got, those are grown men. They need to step up and take care of business. No, I agree on that and I don't feel like I'm doing them any favors 'cause I take care of too much. And I've tried to back off of that too because I do do That. Well, but, but that's the answer to your question. They don't care. But you just answered your own question by the way, more effectively than I did. Your little speech you just gave is the speech you need to remind yourself when you say, what about my grandkids? I don't wanna be this big mean grandmother that kicks 'em out on the street. That's not what you're doing, number one. But number two, you need to remind yourself of that speech you just gave. It was a great speech.


I'm trying And, and I'm trying and the and the dad of the three kids has a job, correct? Well he does construction, so he works here and there, that kind of thing. So, so Debra, you said he can work whenever he wants, so, okay. Yeah, he can work whenever he wants. And this isn't, I'm, I'm being a little harsh on you, Debra, 'cause you've allowed it, right? Yeah. He's ca he's he is living the best life. Yeah. Everything's paid for. He works when he can. He doesn't pay bills, he pay, he does nothing. This guy's literally the character in Wedding Crashers, ma me loaf. I mean, he yells and you come running, you know, might as well give him a little silver bell On, on on the big things. And, and the thing is, he, he actually made more than I did last year and he still can't help me with the utilities or nothing like that.


And I'm begging him, I'm begging him. You know what? Well that's, he's a Yeah, well that, that's where's a punk? That's, that's a boundary. Debra, you have to set for yourself. You've asked, you can't control what he's doing. And so now you have to control what Deborah can control and you have to set yourself up in the next, what, what Ken just said, the next eight years to allow you to win. Because at the end of the day, they're not helping you. Right. It's not like you're falling back on on them. So He can't help you with utilities. You can't help him anymore, period. He's a grown man. I wish he No, I'm telling you, I wish I could have a chat with this guy. I really do. This is, this is embarrassing.


He ought to be embarrass how he's treating his mother. Now I understand. I'm talking about your baby, I get that. But you called and you're looking for advice and your heart is literally getting you in trouble. I know it. I know it. And like I said, I, I depended on him to help me, like, you know, with the repairs on the rental house. Okay, so Debra said we're Shooting ourself in the foot. I know. So we discussed This already. So tonight, Deborah got it. You need to sit them down and you need to let them know, hey, in the next 60 days I'm putting the condo up for sale. I can't afford this anymore and I'm going to have to make some hard calls because I have nothing in retirement and I'm gonna have to do what's best for me in this situation.


And so that is selling the condo, moving to the home, doing some repairs in between. It's not gonna probably be perfect when you move in, but at least you don't have a mortgage payment or rent payment. So, gosh, Deborah, I'm sorry, but that's, that's what I would do. Cut up the credit cards. Don't keep going down that mess. That's getting you more and more. And, and when you don't have the, the temptation of the credit card, then your feed are to the fire. And that's really gonna force you to make some hard decisions, which is good. You need some of that. You ought not to treat your mama.