
Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, their work, and their relationships. The phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 alongside the incomparable, the always Natalie Attire, George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman, and it's gonna be a fun show today. And I can tell you the audience out in the studio. I can just tell these people Got the juice. George. They're excited To be, I met some of them before the show. Oh, you did? They are riled up. Well, They're, they're, it's a live wire Out there. Yeah. And a particularly good looking group. If I might, if I might observe. And we've been called by many people the the root beer float of The Ramsey Show.


George thinks he's the root beer. I'll stay with the vanilla ice cream. That's fine. I'm lucky to be a vessel. I'm just happy to be in, in, in the discussion. I'd be the, I'd be the paper strong in that flow if I could be. So we're gonna have a good time today. George is gonna help you with budgeting the money, saving the money, getting outta debt, investing money. And I wanna help you making more money. That's my play here at The Ramsey Show. And So we do that together. We have a lot of fun. You ready to go, friend? I'm pumped. All Right, let's do, let's do this. Christina starts us off in San Bernardino. One of my favorite places to say, not stay George, but to say San Bernardino. That's a fun, fun place. Let's get to Christina. How can we help today?


Hi, thank you for taking my call. You bet. What's going on? So my husband and I are on baby step two. We've paid off 39,000 since November, which we're very proud of. You should be. Congratulations you got the loan. Thank you. Yeah, Thank you. However, we still have 126,000 of student loan debt, a car loan, and we have not yet purchased our first home. And I'm almost 40. And I recently listened to a show that addressed retirement and I'm feeling so discouraged that we'll never catch up since we're starting this journey so late. We gross 200,000 a year. And my question is, is it still possible for us to become baby step millionaire?


Yes. Let's get that percent outta the way. Now, George is gonna tell you how he's gonna show you with specifics. Thank, but let's start there because if you don't believe it, Christina, you're not gonna receive it. You feel me? Right? Ooh, That was good. Yes. Put that on a stitch pillow or something. There it Is. I'm already in the Hallmark category and we've only been on the show three minutes. This is unbelievable. I should probably quit while I'm ahead. George. Explain it now. She believes it. Yeah. So we can walk through, if you follow the RAMSEY plan, here's what would happen. So you guys have crushed it, paying off 39 K already. How much longer until you're completely debt free? If you're doing this with Gazelle intensity, We're hoping 18 to 24 months. Okay. So another 18 months you'll be debt free.


That'll put you at still about 40 years old. Well, I turned 40 in June. Woo. Okay, let's say 41 once you have the emergency fund. How's that? Okay. If you started investing and you guys make $200,000, which is in incredible, it's a great income, that would mean you're investing $30,000 a year once you're in baby. Step four, are you tracking with me? Okay. So I'm just trying to show you some math to show you what would happen. That's $2,500 a month household going into retirement accounts. We're gonna assume a 10% return. You have nothing in retirement right now. Well, I have a teacher, so I do have a pension that has about 89,000 in it. All Right. That's not nothing. And here, I'm gonna try to plug in, see if we can get it on the screen for you just to, Okay.


Yeah. So George is there. George is plugging in new, New technology. So I'm just showing you 42 to 67, right? Let's say you, you work a little bit longer to catch up, that would still give you $3.3 million. Oh, that's in that one account. There we go. Well, that dude, Christina, how does that, I feel like She just won a game show. There it is on the screen. For those of you watching on YouTube, and Let's say even by 62, so that's a 20 year investment period. If you even, and I'm calculating from zero Christina, $0 in any retirement account, 42 to 62 2500 bucks a month. That means you guys never get a raise over 20 years, which we all know is not gonna be the case. You're still gonna have 1.9 million. Wow.


And guess what? Only 30% of that was your contribution. The other 70% is just compound growth. Now we can all look back and go, oh my gosh, if I had started at 25, I could listen. The past is the past Don't should all over yourself. That's right. Don't do it. Don't do it. Lady on the front row, she should've invested sooner. The lady on the front row was like, what did he say? We should have Avoided this debt. I Get it. Don't do it. Don't do it. But listen At this speed and intensity in which you're going, I have no fear that you guys are gonna be multi-millionaires and retire with dignity and then you can work because you want to and not because you have to. Yeah. Thank you so Much. So Christina, we're gonna flip the question on you. Are you ready to answer it?


Yes. Okay. Christina, is it too late for you and your husband to retire with dignity and lots of freedom? It is not too late. Come On. There it is. Come on. Gosh. I Love when a calculator can give you hope. It does. That's Special right there. And you're Really, It's Christina, it's this is, you guys worked your tail off to make $200,000 a year. Get outta this debt. Yeah. And the good news is, once you're outta this debt, you will never go back. That's it. So now this is the, this was the, this was the, this was the win that you needed in in, in your sales. It was, I know, I've been feeling with every, with every celebration, I feel so much just shame and guilt and worry.


So this was what I needed. Thank you so much, Much. Here's your phrase. Okay, here's your phrase for today and the rest of this weekend, I want you to just say it to yourself or say it out loud if you don't mind being cheesy like me. You ready? Okay. Yes. There is no shame in my game. Say it. There is no shame in my game. There it is, George. Fantastic. By the way, James, I gotta point out, I wanna, I wanna brag on my colleague here for a second. I like when you throw the investment calculator on the screen for people that are watching via YouTube. I think you could be the John King of The Ramsey Show. Wow. That's high praise. I Wanna get you out of that chair, James. I wanna see, can we get him on a board behind Me? Oh yes.


Where he is like, he's like, now let's go over here. I'd like to, I think you could do I, Let's see what's going on in this county over here. If we zoom in, you're, yeah, I Like that. I talking about, about for people to know what I'm talking about. Real quick reference. That's John King on CNN. He really made the election night screen where he does the touchscreen, match the touchscreen. And he goes in and he goes back and forth and now every network has their own John King. But I think he's the og and it's not a political state, but for those of you that hate the network that he's on, Corey, you gotta gotta qualify everything these days. I know, I know. But he's good on that big board, isn't He? No, that's true. I wanna see, we gotta figure out how to do that. Well the thing is, I'll, I'll, I'll brainstorm next time we have a meeting. I Think the visual helps to actually just it, see it in front of your eyes and go the, here's the math that will overcome your emotion that you're feeling right now.


Alright, let's, let's do a quick, 'cause a lot of people are watching listening right now that absolutely they resonate with Christina and her husband. So I wanna go back to the start of that call and I want you to break down the psychology there of what really happened in those few minutes with her. Well, you heard her say it at the end, at the root of all this was just shame and guilt. It was, oh my gosh, look at the mess we're in. We're never gonna be able to retire. Of course, you screwed it up. You're almost 40 and you still don't have your life together. You don't own a home. You should be ashamed of yourself. And then we go, let's le the reality of what we're doing. Did you Hear her reaction though? Yeah. So that's how she started the call. Sounded like she won the prices, right? She literally, yes. It was a high pitched reaction, which is it was really guttural.


Yeah. In the sense of what, I mean it was almost one of those deals. I might as well have given her a Broy Hill dinette set at that point. And that's the excitement she had. I loved it. Nice reference Little Boy Hill dinette set. That's Liz rent free in my head. But the reality is I don't think people realize how quickly and how effectively compound interest works. And you just demonstrated it in The debt snowball. I mean, you heard it, 18 to 24 months is the average for people to get outta debt using the RAMSEY plan, using the debt snowball. Two years is Gonna happen. I like that. George. 24 months of hustle for a lifetime of freedom for 24 years. Freedom of freedom. Wow. Are you willing to trade that? That's the question. Good question. It's not Easy. Good course. Most people would rather live in mediocrity for 24 years.


Wow. Not Christina. Oh, I Love it. Great way to start the show today. Okay. We gotta take a quick break during the break George, and I'll talk about our favorite dinette sets and then we'll be back to take more of your calls. Ro Hill show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all, grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So you know they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


The Ramsey Show continues, thrilled to have you with us. I'm Ken Coleman, my pal George Kamel is with me today. It's the law firm of Coleman and Campbell, you've seen us on bus stop benches. That's exactly right. It's Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Kyle is up next in Kansas City, Missouri. Kyle, How can we help today? Hey Ken and George. Hey, thanks so much for taking my call. It's, it's an honor to speak with both of you, so thank you. Well, The honors are, sir, what's happening? Yeah, I, I guess quick question for you guys. I I have one credit card. I I have no debt except my mortgage at this point. I have heard you guys obviously just evangelize cutting up these, cutting up these credit cards.


I just am nervous that if I do it, you know, will like, will the lender, will the lender be after me? What if I have to refinance in the future? Like I just, for some reason the thought of cutting up my, my credit card here is making me nervous. You guys have sold me on the arguments of cutting it up. I just, All Right, you got them. Just calling for last minute reassurance. All Right, well this is great. You couldn't come to a better place. I'm gonna warn you, when you cut up your credit card with scissors, there is an automatic beacon that is sent to the credit card companies and a very burly gentleman with large shoulders will call you. He will speak to you in very unfriendly tones.


He will threaten you and it's, it's a thing. So you gotta be willing to deal with that. But if you're willing to deal with that, then it's fine. Okay. Kyle, I'm joking. Okay, Kyle, you, you just, I tried really hard to be sarcastic. Did you catch that at all? Did it miss the mark, the studio Audience? Well, I, I'm, I'm generally scared over here, man. Oh, I'm sorry. So here's The deal. Thought dog, the bounty hunter and the SWAT team was about to show up. I was kind of trying. No, so here's the deal. In all seriousness, nothing's gonna happen. In fact, the only thing that will happen is that you will feel completely free now because there's something about cutting credit cards, and I don't know if you know this, but for years Dave would have people cut their credit cards on the air.


People would send Dave artwork there. In this building to this day we have artwork of framed credit cards effect. We just took a picture with a guy who had a credit card cut up in multiple pieces during the last commercial break and framed it. So nothing is gonna happen to you, Kyle, And close the account completely on top of cutting it up. You don't have a balance on it, correct? No, no, no balance. And you're not gonna need it. Tell him why he is never gonna need it. Yeah, you're not Gonna need it. Your mortgage will continue to keep up a healthy score. And so if you ever needed to refinance or do anything else, you can do that just fine. Even once you paid off the house without a credit score, you, you're gonna be fine. And so either way, there's no reason to keep round this card.


I know. It's, it feels like a security blanket at this point. You've had it so long and credit card companies are so good at marketing to you, which where you think I need them, they're doing me a solid by being there for me in my time of need. Yeah, but Kyle, you don't need them anymore. You by the way have money. They're Not even gonna know that you cut it either. I think you legitimately are scared. I, and I love your honesty. So here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna give you the opportunity to cut this card right now on the air. Oh, You have it with You? Do you have some scissors? I I don't have any scissors next to me. No. Well Where are you? I'm in my car. That's Unfortunate. Is it like titanium or can you, can you bend it and break it? Maybe I can rip it with my teeth.


I don't know. I I don't think I gotta say America wants to hear that. If you can rip it with your teeth and get the cell phone right up to the mouth, you Have an emergency fund to cover the dental bill after that one. You know, I do have an emergency fund thanks to you guys. So thanks again for that Way to go. That's why you don't need these credit card companies. Yeah. And so I'd cut it up. Get rid of the account and your life, Your life, something fun with it. You can shoot it with a gun. We've had people do that. We've had people, I think somebody put it once in a wood chipper. That's Oh, that was fun. I do remember that. There go very Fargo. But you Need to have fun with this because the credit card company is not gonna know. They're not gonna know. There's no impulse that sent. I was joking. It was a horrible joke. Company acquired on what company can I ask?


He really believed that. Did you hear him? He was like, oh man, I don't want, Yeah, I I I have it with Capital One. Oh, perfect. All Right. I'll let him know that. Kyle, I'll tell you, I'll tell you. Gets an email. Jennifer Garner and she's very sweet. She's gonna lose it. She's gonna be very upset in Hollywood somewhere, somewhere in Hollywood. She's gonna get a little email. Oh, I love it. Hey Ken and George, can I ask one more quick question while I have you Sure. Hold on a second. Will we allow it? I'll Allow it. All Right. George allows it. Go ahead. If, if, if I have to refinance, do I just need to go through a different lender to manual underwrite? Like you guys say, Only if you had paid off the mortgage, but in that case you wouldn't have nothing to refinance. Okay, so your mortgage is a debt and so it's reported on your credit report. It will create a credit score.


It will keep that credit score until you pay off the mortgage. And then six to 12 months later, after you pay off the mortgage, your credit score will disappear for good and you won't need debt anymore. So there's the good news There it is. That was a fun call. I enjoyed that. Now you and I are under the gun. We're gonna have that big burly guy calling us for what we just told you. Yeah. I can't wait to call Capital One and tell him. Kyle told me he'd cut up his card. We should. We should after it. We should rat him out. Yeah, narc, that's what we'll do. Let's go to Orlando, Florida, the home of the happiest place on Earth. Apparently Ella is there. Ella, How can we help? Hey George, thanks for taking the call. You bet. What's up? So I recently got a offer for New Vault, a company.


It's a promotion and an internal transfer, but it's a large bump in pay and I wanna know if it's greedy or not to counter offer since we can see my salary. So lemme make sure I understood you. You just got a really nice offer. It's an internal transfer. Same company. Yes, correct. And and it's a really nice bump. How much of a bump for you? So I'm at 65 right now a year and it, the offer was 84. So 19 more a year. And what are you thinking to counter and why? I'm thinking of countering for 90,000 because I've talked to people in that role and that's kind of where they've come in around.


The only difference is that I'm about a year away from getting my engineering degree where these people already have their degree. All Right, well there's the piece of information that I needed. I wanna see what George says because you don't have the engineering degree that these other people have that are at that higher rate. I don't think I would counter here. We're also talking about $6,000 and I've got my 500 bucks. The ultimate expert of amortization beside me here. Gosh, you're the ambassador of amortization. That's not the title. Anyone is like, that's the hell I wanna die on. But I appreciate that. That's a nice title for somebody. As nerdy as you are, you have a segment called Talk Nerdy to me. That's true. And all of a sudden you're too cool for ambassador of amortization.


You're right. Alright, so 500 bucks in gross. It's 500 bucks. So George, I say I would not counter. And Ella, I love your confidence, but again, you gotta understand the risk of why I think that's not so wise. It's one thing if you say I've got the engineering degree and you cite that in your counter, you go, would you be willing to get me to 90? Here's why I've done the market research and now you got some proof. All you have to stand on is I'm a year out. Yeah. And I just, you don't want to counter when you don't have a good case. And in this situation, George, I don't think she has a good case. What do you think? I think the employers would probably come back to her and say, well here's why 90 was the starting salary over here.


Because they have more experience with this degree more education. So the question Ella, is does the employer know that these salaries are public? Are these out there or is this like I talked to my coworkers. It's public on like the internal site. Okay. So if this is a company-wide thing that salaries are public, I think you have more right to just bring it up and say, Hey, when I was doing research, I found on their company site, here's the listed salaries. I'm curious what the gap is and what is the path to growth to get there. I think that's a much more, it's a less combative stance versus I like that. Here's my counter now. But, but I like that George. And, but I would only add to that. I think I like that a lot actually, George. But I would add in there, is there a path for growth to that?


'cause I'm a year out from having the engineering degree. Would that then put me in line to get me up to 90? Just Getting clarity for What that take. That's a very different posture because you're asking a very thoughtful question. You're not countering. So I actually am gonna go my yes, I'm gonna yes and myself and say that I like how George came in there. I think that's the tactic. Because at least opens the conversation. They realize they know where your head is at. You've done the market research. It's valid. I think that's a really good setup. Congratulations. Got it. Thanks So Much. Yeah, let's celebrate that. You gotta be celebrating the big bump. I am. I am. All Right. Really proud of you. That's super exciting stuff. Don't spend it all.


George. Lifestyle creep is real. There it is. You got George sitting on your shoulder. I'm watching. We need, I'm always Watching, always watching Little George on your shoulder. A little George, you Get a little, she can get a little treat. Just don't go crazy. That's exactly right. Alright, coming up we got a little break. And during the break George and I are gonna talk about his favorite gluten-free treats. That could take a while And then we'll be back. This is The Ramsey Show.


As an investor in a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news. Timothy Plan offers investments for people who want to be intentional about where their money goes. As the pioneering force in biblically responsible investing, Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider funds investment objective risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by four side fund services LLC.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is alongside. And you know, it's amazing when you think about this show and the footprint it has around the world. And here in the United States over 30 years, the show's been going. And it started on a card table before there was a show. There was a business idea that Dave RAMSEY had and he and Sharon's living room. And now it is a business north of $250 million. And as we've said, decades of worldwide influence.


And so this is really fun because Dave has not written a book in a while, but his new book is now available to pre-order, it's called Build a Business You Love. Where he unpacks how this business actually got started and has grown to where it is today. The way he talks about it is it's the baby steps for running a business. And so this is a fabulous book and a real great fit for so many of you who want to work for yourself or you're already running a business. You could pre-order it now for only 29 99. And when you pre-order, you get over $350 in free bonus items, including the entree Leadership Hiring Playbook, and the ebook and the audiobook, which is enhanced. So pre-ordered today, it's only 29.99, you pre-ordered at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're watching on YouTube or listening via podcast, click the link in the show notes and you can pre-order that book. Really looking forward to how this, this is really gonna change the game for so many people. Build a business you Love by Dave RAMSEY.


Alright, Jeff is up in Atlanta, Georgia. Jeff, How can we help today? Hello? So my question is, first of all, thanks for having me on the show. You bet. I have a question that I don't think has been asked before, but, so I wanna, I can invest in the s and p 500 and other similar ETFs because of religion reasons. So should I create my own diversified portfolio? Okay, I I have questions. Okay. What is the, and I don't want to, I wanna be very sensitive in how I ask this question. What is the spiritual or religious actually sounds spiritual, I'm gonna call it. What is the religious reason that you cannot invest in the s and p 500?


So the reason is I'm Muslim and I'm not allowed to invest in any companies that involve alcohol. Gotcha. Gambling. Okay. Adult entertainment, all those things. Totally caught up now. Okay. 'cause I had not heard that before, but that makes, I get it. So tell us what you're thinking. I want George to be able to hear this. What would be your diversified stock strategy? So first I found like a com. I found another ETF that pretty much is like pulls from the s and p 500 but excludes the company that do the gambling and alcohol and all that stuff. Okay. But the problem with that is the expense ratio is so much more higher than it would be for investing in an s and p 500.


Is this in a retirement account So much? No, this is personal. Are you investing in retirement currently? Yes, but through work like 401k and stuff like that. Okay, so those funds likely have companies that are against your beliefs, correct? Yes. But You're just, it's the options that you have. Yes. And are you investing 15% into that, those retirement accounts? I believe it's six, 6% match and I'm doing a hundred percent of whatever 6% is. Okay. I would encourage you to use those tax advantaged accounts first.


It sounds like you don't need to be investing beyond retirement right now unless that 15% gets you maxing out every tax advantage account where you need to go to these non-retirement taxable brokerage accounts. Is that the case? I don't, I don't understand what you mean by that. So What is your income? So I make about 80 K before bonus. Okay. And you have a company 401k? Yes. Is there a Roth version of that that they offer? Yes, I put in, I contributed one time, but then I stopped.


Okay. That I really wanted to take advantage of like the tax reduction. Okay. Well the thing is with the Roth account, you're just using after tax money, you don't get the deduction, but then it's gonna grow tax free and you'll withdraw it tax free in retirement. And especially with your income, I would recommend you go with the Roth option. It's not worth it for the tax deduction when you see the growth and the tax free withdrawals later on. So in that regard, here's my question to you. Why is it okay to invest in the 401k in these funds, but not outside of the 401k? What's the difference? Well, really the 401k is something that I was contributing to already unknowingly, and I just realized how much I had in it.


Right. I still haven't made a decision whether I wanna stop contributing and like go full on the other direction. But right now I know since it's like my only option at work and it was already automatically being contributed. Right. That's not something that would like behold against me religiously. Yeah. And I have looked into this. There are halal investing funds that are compliant. Yes. Have you looked into those? Do they all have expense, high expense ratios? Yes. They start at like 2.5 or two or 0.0. It's really high. Man, that is brutal. Well here's the, here's the deal. There's going to have to be a compromise here. If this is part of your beliefs and this is something you feel really strongly about, you're just gonna have to pay that expense ratio for the pleasure of, you know, following your values.


Well do you think if I decided pretty much to actively, so I create like my own portfolio that operates as a passive ETF kind of thing, right? I only pull from the companies that I do align with from the s and p 500 Nasdaq and all that. I mean, you're, you're talking about investing in 400 something different companies, likely. Well, I would, That's gonna get real complicated real fast. I would only pick enough to have my portfolio diversified. I wouldn't go all the way into like percenting those 1% companies and stuff like that. I would, I would worry about the top 10 and then the ones that come underneath.


But like when it gets to like that, that company that's like 0.5% of the SMT 500, I won't worry too much about it. I mean, you can do that. I still think the tax advantage of these retirement accounts outweighs all of this to where I would just choose the best options you have in the 401k. And it's, it's the options you have, you have no control over that. And I would stick to those retirement accounts for the foreseeable future until you get to the point where you're maxing out you retirement accounts or you paid off your house and you want to increase your investing. But I wouldn't just mess with a taxable brokerage account and picking single stocks. I just wouldn't personally do it. Even, even if I'm picking the stocks, not based on what I believe are best good investments, but based on what the s and p 500 is picking up, I'm telling you can do that.


It's gonna be a really complicated portfolio and get messy real quick when you're trying to auto invests in 400 diff whatever the top companies are. And the less companies you have, the less diversified you are, which adds a lot of risk. So if you said, Hey man, I'm gonna go in Tesla because it's compliant. Have you seen Tesla lately? This is why you wanna be diversified amongst hundreds and hundreds of companies. And so I don't know, I don't, I I would talk to other folks who are in the same boat as you that are part of your faith community and find out what the options are and then just choose the best that you can. That's all you can do. And I, I hope that, Or you gotta pay the additional, you know, or Pay the extra. You know, if the normal expense ratio is under 1%, you're paying two and a half.


Look, it's a, you know, it's basically a tax you're paying Yeah. To Follow your religious Beliefs. Jeff, I've been listening in here. George I think has given you terrific advice here. And you keep pushing back. You keep, you know, and it's like, look, if you wanna take that on, George, think that that's a lot. And, and I would assume because it's so much, it also has a lot of risk involved with it. That's what I'm hearing from you. So my pushback on this to you, Jeff, is You can't have your cake and eat it too is an old phrase. And I think it applies here. You know, I really respect anybody that, that lives their life on a set of religious beliefs. And, and what that really is, is about conviction. But in order to live a life of conviction, there will have to be sacrifice.


There is no, I don't care what religion it is, you could take the entire world's religion and, and, and all of it requires sacrifice to, to follow it. So you're already violating your religious beliefs and your 401k. That was, those are your words, not ours. So I, as I listen to this, listen to George, I mean I, I I think I would take those other funds, what'd you call it? The, the, Oh, the Halal compliant funds. I think that's the sacrifice you have to make. And they're gonna Be more expensive because they're actively Managed, but that's the sacrifice. Exactly. And so that's just my take Jeff. 'cause I'm actually honoring what you're saying and I think you gotta follow that fully or not at all.


I don't think there's a midway there. This is The Ramsey Show. All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. So why, why is that? Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union.


So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric. Yes.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. You know, that's why we're partnering with them because they're, they're, they've got a scope to be able to handle the RAMSEY audience and they're the right kind of people with the right kind of values. And they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says fair wins on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. So again, you guys, I know it can be a pain to switch banks or to open up new accounts, but fair wins. Again, they make it so easy. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, You guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. So excited to have you with us Great studio audience today. It's packed on this Friday. I gotta, I gotta tell you, if you ever want to get to the Nashville area, we're in a suburb, Franklin, Tennessee. You can come watch the show three hours and we've got this just beautiful, beautiful studio. Free coffee, cold beverages, baked goods. I mean it's just fantastic and we love meeting folks. So great studio audience today. Big thanks to them.


Alright, it's time for our question of the day here on The Ramsey Show. It's brought to you by Y refi. With Y refi. You can take control of your defaulted private student loans with a plan works with your monthly budget. Visit Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Nate in Colorado. How do I break down annual slash semi-annual insurance payments like car insurance into a monthly budget? So I'm ready when the bill comes due. Oh, love this question. And it all comes down to this magical term sinking fund. Oh, I love when you talk nerdy George. I feel like this was an accidental talk nerdy to me. This is a bonus one for Ken. Yeah, this is a bonus talk nerdy segment. So the Idea here, just this strategic way to save money by setting aside a little bit each month so that you're ready when the time come. So for easy numbers, Ken, let's say there's an annual insurance bill for $1,200. Okay? 1200 bucks that I every January. That's what I owe. Perfect. Every year, every January, 1200 bucks comes outta your account.


Okay. How do you budget for this? It's random, right? Well you can create a sinking fund inside of EveryDollar and market it as a sinking fund and say I'm gonna set aside a hundred dollars in every month's budget Goes right into that. Okay. Into the s sinking fund. I love it. Now this is digital on EveryDollar, right? So you actually have to set aside this money in your checking account or in a savings account. Now How do I not screw that up? 'cause you know, I struggle with details. So how do I do this? That's the thing for some people, it's better if they transfer that money to a savings account and then set a reminder to transfer it back once January hits so they have the 1200 bucks ready. Feel like that's a good move for me. Would you agree? Yes. You know me well, Some people like to just stack it up in their checking account. So a hundred bucks becomes 200 becomes 300 come January we're sitting at 1200.


It's just there. But again, you have to know that this is allocated for that, that piece of what Do you do? Well, I know that you told me what I should do. What do you do? I'm a fan of the savings account. Me. 'cause I also like to have that money grow a little bit for me with some interest. And so I'll transfer it to savings. But I'm a nerd when it comes to reminders. And EveryDollar also has reminders you can set up inside of here. So I'll Tell you. So come next January I get a little alert. Yes. So I have mine under insurance and taxes and my budget and I have them all listed as sinking funds. You can see right? I'm showing Ken. So this is very, very Exciting. I have never felt so VIP in my life. So this is, I just looked inside George's EveryDollar. It's homeowner's insurance. Wow. Which You really are a nerd.


I have auto and umbrella on one policy. I have property taxes. Yeah. Then I have my wife's life insurance policy and my life insurance policy. Yeah. Every single one of those has its own line item and there's whatever it is, I divide it out. Yeah. And then I have that as a sinking fund. What's that? Is that, did I see? Is that gifts for Ken? Did I see that? That actually has a whole category. Okay, good. Okay. Just hangouts with Ken gifts for Ken. It's A little awkward that I saw that, but boy am I excited. Well, Hope you like a, a new pickleball paddle. I know you're wearing yours out Now. You're speaking my love language pickleball equipment. I'm in. There you go. All Right. Very good question. By the way, We have a great article on this, so I'm gonna make sure that it is linked in the show notes. So hit the description and show notes of today's episode.


And there's a great article on our website from Rachel Cruz called What is a sinking fund? And How do you Create one? It'll walk you through all of this. And I think it's really gonna help everyone out there struggling with these things that aren't monthly. Oh look, that that was on the screen there. Oh, That was my screen. Was that you got, yeah. Oh, look at that. Good timing guys. So George is actually showing the article right there. I'm telling you, I'm like a little show and tell. I'm telling you, I'm trying to make you the John King of The Ramsey Show. I'm, it's, I, it's like a, it's a crusade for me. Now. It, I love when you do, it wasn't A life goal, but I aspire to it now. I think you've got the gift. I do. Thank you. All Right. Good question there. Really fun. By the way, I wanna make a quick mention. Anytime we mention any resource article, a product, anything on the show, it is always linked in the show notes so you can come back to it.


That's a huge thing for me. Treasure Trove. Some call it a gateway drug to financial freedom. That's what happens in the show notes. Wow. I love that. That feels very Friday to me. We're talking gateway drugs and financial freedom. Hello. All Right. Jennifer's up next in Buffalo. Jennifer, How can we help? Hi guys, I thank you so much for having me and thank you so much for what you do. Thank you. My husband and I have quite high credit card debt and we were wondering if we should do a home equity loan to pay this credit card debt off Because of the lower interest rate.


Yes. That's the main thing that I hear you say. Don't borrow to pay, you know, credit cards. And I'm just, I'm wondering if that is a Problem. Alright, this is your moment. You got George right here? Yeah, George. Oh boy. What are you gonna say, George? Well, I gotta wife get indigestion after On survey. Says We need a Tums. It's a note for me. Oh no, it's a no for me. Okay. And here's why. It's, it's partially the math on it of like, it sounds crazy 'cause it is crazy that I'm gonna use debt to pay off other debt to go into a different kind of debt and hopefully pay that debt off. And if I don't, I'll just get a consolidation loan to pay off the he law. Do you sound, do you see where this is going? This is where most people find themselves just playing a shell game of debt.


Okay. And instead, what I like to do, use that interest rate to make you so angry that you pay off that credit card so fast that it doesn't know what hit it and you never go into debt again. Okay. So how much is left on the credit card debt? $60,000 across several credit cards. Okay. And what did you use that money on? It's been over several years, so I'm not even sure. I would say I just, maybe vacation. Maybe just places that we wouldn't normally use our bank card because we're nervous about the security. Okay. You say we, is there a husband who's an accomplice husband to these financial crimes? My husband. Yeah. Okay.


There is good, Good, good. Wow. Financial crimes. I like to make it really add some drama to It. George's, it feels Like a crime. Well you guys, I just feel like you guys worked too hard to be this broke to go 60 grand in credit card debt instead of just saving up and paying for things you can afford. What's your combined income? Two 60. Oh, Woo. Oh listen, I gotta tell you something, Jennifer. Several people in our live studio audience were a little put out by that information. They were like, come on Jennifer. Yeah. This Is the next question. America's asking why does someone making $260,000 needing to fund their life on a credit card? Where is your actual income going? Oh boy. So we do have a little bit of money in the bank, but this is a new, So we made probably 120,000 maybe last year and about the same the year before.


So this is a newer, you've Over doubled your income. Okay. This is great. This Is great. Think about this. Great. You guys could be debt free before the year's over. You're now bringing home what, 15, $16,000 a month? She doesn't believe you, George. Tell her hell I can hear it. I can hear the disbelief. Okay. We are currently in March 20, 25 year of our Lord. Agree, Agree. Okay, so let's say nine months, 60,000 divided by nine months is 6,600 bucks. I love when you do, man. So 6,600 bucks outta your 16 needs to go to this debt to get done by December 31st. You with me? Okay. I'm with you. So now here's the deal.


Can you guys live off $10,000 a month? Can you? And I hope So. The numbers. I hope so. I hope you guys can see my mind. See? Yes. Well that's why forget your mind. Don't rely on the human mind. Yeah. It's fragile and feeble. The the mind can tell you some crazy things. Not since the fall of man have been, have we been able to trust the mind? And so here's what you do. Do a budget with your husband and say, this is what our paychecks came in as. These are all of our expenses. And if we follow this plan, we're gonna have seven, eight, $9,000 we can throw at this credit card debt. 'cause here's the truth, I think you guys can do better than end of the year. I think six months this week could be done. Whoa. Slow down George. Jennifer's gonna faint 10 grand a month for six months.


Get angry and aggressive about it. Don't do a HELOC to try to move this over to give yourself some comfort to slow down your progress. Get so angry at the 25% a PR on these cards to where you go. Every single cent is gonna go to these credit cards. Are you guys angry yet? I'm angry for you. We are angry. I'm angry. I've Never seen him miss angry Jennifer. I am livid. He, and this is, I'm not kidding you. That's about as high test as George gets. All Right. The guy is is he's just very chill. He's very, I can Hole, I could punch a hole in some soft drywall right now you're starting. I'm so angry. Are you know what? You're starting to worry me. Sorry. I feel like I'm, I'm pouring fuel on the flame here. Relax a little Bit. All Right, I apologize. All Right. But Jennifer, you know what to do. You guys got this. Thank you. You Got can do this Jennifer, Get aggressive.


No more debt. Debt is not the answer to your problems. You are the answer. Oh Wow. Thank You guys so much. You bet. Well great hour George. I gotta say you were on fire. The Nitro cold brew hit at just the right moment. Is that what it is? Yeah, I think so. Okay. Do you have any kind of prescription anxiety meds that You take? Just Nitro Cold brew. Okay, that's all I need. Let's Get another cold brew in here. Somebody, I don't feel safe. This is The Ramsey Show.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news Knock box, that's N Okay. Box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy memories. Not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts and other personal history. And one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's n okay box.com/ RAMSEY.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about your money, your work, and your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is with me. The phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Georgie ready to go? Another hour. Riveted your, you got your V eight, your cold brew. How'd you know I mixed them together? You did. It's, it's quite a concoction. What it means is great financial advice. I gotta tell you that from the best beard in all of financial Shows. No question. Worth it for five bucks on Venmo to get Ken to say that about me. That's right. Robert's gonna start us off this hour in Auburn.


Robert, How can we help? I'm doing great. Head just spinning a little bit. Woke up this morning and my car wasn't in my parking spot. What? Repossessed? Yes. What? No, I felt Behind on paves. Hold On, Robert, hold on. Robert, speak clearly Into your Phone. We're having a hard time hearing you. Like maybe you're muffled. So let's try a different angle. I was about to say, can you hear me now? That's a little bit better. So you woke up this morning and you look outside and the car is not there. Yes. Was this a shock to you? Was this shocking or did you expect this? Yes. It, it was, it was very shocking. So there was zero communication beforehand that hey, you're behind on payments, you don't catch up, here's what's gonna happen.


Yeah. They didn't tell me that I was behind, but I knew I was behind for sure. But I didn't know they was just gonna come and take it. I did. How long have you been behind on payments? They said about 94 days. Okay. Well I mean they can come take your car at any time once your loan becomes delinquent. So it's, it's not a giant shock if I'm gonna be honest, that you stop making payments. You don't own the car. They do. And so the good news is this just happened today. Yes. Okay. So there's, there's still some moves you can make to get this back, but we gotta make sure that you have the money to do it. It sounds like you are beyond paycheck to paycheck. How much money do you have Right now?


Currently? Yes. About 500. Okay. Now was there any personal items in the car? For sure. Yes. Okay. You can get your personal property back and they can't charge you for recovering your stuff. Okay. So do you know where the car went? I called the finance company that I got the loan with and they told me, they gave me the number and the location I could pick it up. Okay. And went ahead and put a request form in so I can get those items. Okay. So the, the next step, other than getting your items, if you can do this, this is the best move is to reinstate or pay off the loan. Obviously you can't pay off the loan but to reinstate it, you would've to pay the past due amount on the car plus any fees, Which will be around 3000.


Okay. So now we know it's $3,000. And here's the deal. You usually have about 10 to 15 days to do this to catch up. Otherwise they're gonna sell your car at auction to get what they can for it and then you'll load the difference. Okay. What was left on the loan? 16 five. Okay. And if they sell it at auction, it's not gonna be, you know, market value and so you likely will have a pretty big gap that you'll owe. So I'd rather you see, try to get this thing reinstated in the next 15 days. But that means you gotta come up with another 2,500 bucks in 10 days. Sounds good. Does it, does it Sounds doable.


How much do you make in a week? What are You, what's doable look like? How are we gonna come up with that? Can you share that? I'd like to know. No, just being optimistic. I mean make $25 an hour but you know, Can you work overtime? Can you do side gigs? I mean this is like we, we won't see the bed. Yeah, we are gonna be at work so much. Speaking of the bed, I might sell the bed point. Yeah. Point. Can you sell anything in your life? I'm sure I can. I'm if things in the trunk that I definitely can get rid of. Okay. And I'm talking, I'm calling family members, cousins, uncles. You got some patio of furniture you want to get rid of? I'll sell it. No, I'd be flipping stuff. Won't let me do that. I can't hear you at all. Robert, you sound like you're inside of a roll of toilet paper to me.


It's what it sounds like. No, my fiance won't let me sell the furniture. Oh, there's a fiance involved. Now what does your fiance think about all this? This would, this would honestly give me some hesitation as my, my provider gets his, yeah. Transportation taken Away. Can't she can't be happy right now? Not at all. She's not, she's not happy. She's kind never been in this situation either before. So it's the first for both of us. Is she broke too? You said what happened? Is she broke too? Not as much as me. Not right now. Alright. But for, I don't mean this in the way it's gonna sound, but we gotta forget about her for a moment and what she owns. We're talking about what you own and what you can sell. 'cause you gotta come up with, with more than 2,500. 'cause the 500 you got isn't gonna stretch very far for what else is going on in your life.


I gotta feel it. Is there another option besides reinstating this car? No, That's it. I mean, you Still owe the money. My guess is your credit's shot. And so if you went to a local credit union and said, Hey, I need 2,500 bucks to reinstate my, my repo. I don't know that they'd give it to you. That would be a last ditch effort I would try. What about a cash car? No. What do you mean Buy a car from cash for, Well, that doesn't fix your repo problem. You're gonna owe all of this money unless you get the car back. You still owe the money current on payments. And then you're at least the ball's in your court. You could sell it private party and get way more for it and get out from under it. But my guess is you're underwater on this car. You owe 16, what is the car worth?


$4,000. There you go. Trust. Oh boy. Therein lies the price. I see. What I see what you're saying. You're just trying. Yeah. You're still gonna be stuck with this debt. But again, right. Even if we play this out with your logic and your question, you still don't have any cash. If you buy a car for $500, that's like Fred Flintstone's car. All Right. You know what I'm saying? Like that's not a car. You're better off getting a bicycle. Right. How are you getting to and from work? I'm using my car primarily. I know How far, how Starting today you don't have a car. Right. But we're on spring break, so I have like four days until I go back to work. Well, there's your next thing.


You Got four days off. You don't have a spring break. You need to be working today. Pto. We put in vacation and PT O for these days, but yeah, Now I get that. I'd cash out that PTO. Yeah, I would too. I wouldn't be taking any vacation time. That's the last thing you need to be doing right now. You need cash. You don't need to be breaking. There are no breaks for you. I would be door to door offering to mow lawns, pick up leaves. I'd be doing anything I could to make 2,500 bucks in 10 days. That's 250 bucks a day. Can you do that 25 bucks an hour? 10 hours a day? That's what it's gonna take to Get the car. What was the payment on the car? 600. Oh, and what are you making every month?


About 24, 2400 each every two weeks. So about 48, 42 around there. 4,200 a month? Yes. And what are your monthly bills to cover all your expenses, including the minimum payments on your debts, All combined. Probably a good 1400. Besides the cost around $2,000. So you're telling me you make 4,200 and you only have 2000 in bills. That means there should be two grand left over every month. How did you get behind on payments? God bless your budget. Probably is missing a lot of things. Life. Yeah, but where'd, where'd that money go? What were you spending it on? He Doesn't know George. Yeah, I was about to say. It's, it's miscellaneous thing, everything.


I'll tell you how we find out. Go look at your bank statement. It's gonna give you, it's a little, it's gonna give you a little book about why you're broke. It's gonna tell you exactly where your money went. Oh, Robert. Man, this is not gonna be fun. It's doable. It Is. But you gotta Hail Mary. You Gotta work like crazy. And we told you that for two minutes and you hit us with I'm on a four day spring break. No, bro. This is a, you gotta change your whole intensity right now. You are working like crazy. You are selling everything. And I'm not kidding when I'd say I'd call Uncle Larry and go, uncle Larry, you got any patio furniture you don't want? I might sell her engagement ring to get outta this, to be honest. Whoa. We'll get her another one later. Whoa, George, what's Up? That sacrifice, Heat seeking missile. I'm just saying it's what I would do.


You, you know what? You Actually would do it. And if she loved me, she'd go, All Right, we, this is what we gotta do. Oh Boy. He's got no car. And if he, you keep this up, George. He's gonna have no fiance. This is The Ramsey show.


Hey, you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They'll also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen, y'all, there's no better way to take care of healthcare costs. Ch m programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Alright, Let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. RAMSEY trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're people you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a RAMSEY trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is with me. The phone number for you America is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. So, you know, we, we always tell you call that number and we're gonna get to one of these in a second here. We've got a, sorry, we missed your call where people can leave a voicemail. So I want you to know that if you call sometime and you can't get through and you leave a voicemail, we, we like to take some of those calls.


But first it is tax time, George and got my meeting coming up and I'm all set. Love my, love my tax Pro feeling good about It. Yeah. 'cause I, I, I just, I cannot be trusted. I would agree. I cannot be trusted even with You're not a man of minutiae. I'm Not so digging into all the numbers. Right. Let, let someone else figure that Now you and a lot of our listeners can be trusted with Ramsey's Smart Tax. This is a hundred percent accurate tax software that saves you up to 80% compared to other popular softwares. It's powered by Tax Slayer. So I mean it's a big time. It's legit. Yeah. Big time company. They've been around for 50 years. Yeah. And they've been there forever. But I just gotta be honest, it's not for me because I gotta have a tax pro. Yeah. So you got these options. But for those who like to save even more and they just know you got a world class software. Yeah. If you Got a simpler situation, Simple, that's all need and you can do It's all. And it really does walk you through it in a way where even Ken Coleman could do it could, if he so chose. If I chose, this is built for me, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Okay, let's get to, this is really fun. Sorry we missed your call. Hello, my name is Chris. I'm currently putting into a Roth IRA right now or a 401k. And I just wanted to know the difference between the pre-tax and the after tax contributions to see if there's any benefits of the pretext and the non pretext. And just wanted to see if I can give you some answers on that. Thank you. And have a good day. Bye. All Right. Thank you Chris. Appreciate that. I love it. All Right. What do you say, George? I, well, First of all, I love that Chris could have Googled this but said he called us. That really means a lot in a world that's going very digital, very ai, he went analog.


He, let's get some humans to answer this. I, you know what, I'm that kind of guy. I don't wanna look it up. I want somebody to tell me. Just Tell me. Just tell me. So here's the conversation. Pre-tax versus after-tax. So when you think about this, here's the way that makes it easy. When you see something like a traditional IRA traditional 401k, just think pre-tax. That's right. Another way to say that is tax deferred. And let's explain that And deferring the taxes, The money is coming out and going into the 401k account before you've taken the taxes. Exactly. So That's, that's why that is a benefit. And that's how that works. So that's a tax deferred account, like a 401k. So what's the benefit of going with the Roth option? Like a Roth IRAA Roth 401k, Roth 4 0 3 B.


If you see the word Roth, that means after tax. So in that case, think tax free. 'cause I've already paid the taxes on that money upfront. Uncle Sam doesn't need to get paid again. We're not gonna double dip. So the benefit of that is that when you take that money out in retirement, let's say there's $2 million in a Roth 401k, imagine that's $2 million of net income that you've already paid taxes on. That's what happens. So that's the beautiful benefit. Now all things considered, if the tax rate stays exactly the same from right now until your retirement, it would be a wash. So if you have a 401k that's traditional, you take money out, you're gonna pay income taxes on that. But you got a tax deduction when you put the money in.


Now with the Roth side, you already paid taxes on it upfront. So you're losing out on that end 'cause you're not getting a tax deduction. But you take the money out tax free. So the big discussion is, well what if the tax rates change? And we don't know. And so I, I don't like to wonder, I think tax rates will go up over time, not down. And so I'd rather pay the taxes now and just know that money is tax free for the rest of my life. There are some other benefits of the Roth side you can avoid required minimum distributions. RMDs, the reason they do this is 'cause the government says, Hey Ken, you're 72, we gotta get some of this tax money. You gotta cash out your 401k to give us the money. But when you do the Roth side, uncle Sam already got his cut. So there's no RMDs on that side.


And if you leave an inheritance to your children, they're not gonna have to pay taxes on that because it's already been paid. Yeah. So a lot of great benefits. We are Team Roth over here. Yeah. But either way I love this question 'cause it means he's interested and he's investing. Yeah. I love that. Appreciate That's a little bonus talk nerdy to me. I feel like it Is. But let's be honest, you're only a quick pivot in any call from talking nerdy. You're true. That's, I can make it. I could just Yeah. Pivot at any Moment. Yeah, I mean that's just, it's, it's, that's your nickname, George. Talk nerdy to me. Camel Amortization King that No Ambassador of amortization. Oh, thank you. You gotta have the alliteration going on. Assistant to the regional manager that That's right. Exactly right.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting. But you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage. Just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in mls ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I am Ken Coleman. The phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. And I'm told that Kristen is on the line in Erie, Pennsylvania and she's a baby steps millionaire caller. We love these. Kristen, how are you today? Hey guys, can you hear me okay? Loud and clear. Do do I have the facts straight. Are you a baby steps millionaire? Absolutely. Alright, tell us how much, what's your net worth? It's approximately 1.25 million. Nice. And can I ask you how old you are? It's not, not polite to ask a lady how old you are unless it's this kind of format.


But I'm still gonna ask. Well, I'm at an age that I don't care anymore. I'm 55 and my husband's 58. Come on. Love it. Love it. So we got a 55-year-old millionaire. Okay, fantastic. Very Fun. Can you give us the breakdown of the 1.25? Sure. I have approximately $689,200 in retirement. And that is broken up into a 4 0 3 B two Roth IRAs and two traditional IRAs. Awesome. And what else? I have a non-retirement brokerage account with about $50,000.


Checking account is about a thousand. I call it savings account. Very liquid number one is $4,400. And savings account number two, which is a high yield savings account, which is about 51,000. Our primary home is about worth about two and a quarter. That's paid off? Yes. Okay, nice. Awesome. Every Everything's paid off. Yeah. Let's see. I have, I'm, I'm in the process of getting rid of my whole life policy and once I do that, that will add in another $13,000. That's cash value. Good for you.


Wow. Way to go. And you guys have a couple cars I imagine? Yeah. And those are paid off. What are those worth? Those are paid off. We have an oh nine Hyundai Sonata. That's probably worth about maybe 2000 if I'm lucky. Yep. And I have a 2015 Jeep Patriot. I'm just gonna guess around 8,000. So It sounds like the next step for you guys might be upgrading in vehicles. 'cause boy you did not sound excited and I can't blame you. You know that, that I Sonata gives you bad feelings. I love my Sonata.


It has 198,000 miles on it and it runs real good. Oh, All Right. Well, you acted differently, so I don't Know. All Right. Hey, what's, what's your household income? What, what was your worst year as a couple and best year? Okay. Let's see. Worst year was $22,600. Okay. And Our, and then our best year, which was in 2024, was 126,000. Nice. Awesome. And any of this money was inherited? Let's see, I, I did, I inherit my parents' home, which is worth 230,000.


But we inherited it. We inherited it after we became millionaires. Oh, very nice. So it did not cause you to become a millionaire. That is correct. Cool. And Degrees. You guys have degrees? Yeah, I have a bachelor's in education and a bachelor's in biology. Okay. And my husband has a bachelor's in computer science. Nice. How About that? And you guys both working in those fields still? My husband never got into the field of computer science. He actually worked for an insurance agency. Cool. And how about you? And I am actually using both degrees.


I spent about 23 years working as a medical technologist in a hospital laboratory. And the medical technology school that I attended, I later became an instructor for. Oh, nice. So I kind of did both. And in 2018 I managed to land a management position that required my expertise. Very nice. And you're both do, you're doing that now full-time. Yes. Way to go. Love it. So what would you attribute this wealth to? How'd you guys do it before you hit 60? So basically, I was thinking about the answer to this question, and basically you have to have the right mindset first.


You have to not care what anybody else thinks. You have to work hard, you have to have discipline. That's the first thing. You gotta get your mindset first. And then the second step is gonna be the kiss principle. Keep it simple, stupid. Pay yourself first, save first, save often, and save early. Love it. So how long have you guys been following the RAMSEY plan now? Actually, funny story, well, not funny story, but back in 2017, my husband was diagnosed with partial seizure disorder and he had to turn in his driver's license. So that was the same year my daughter went off to college. So I was the only driver in the family, family. So we would carpool, you know, obviously to work and to doctor's appointments and everything.


And you know, it's boring sitting in a parking lot waiting for someone to come outta work. So I started flipping the radio station and lo and behold I heard Dave on one of his ramps. And I'm like, this is cool. So I listened to the show and podcast for about six months. And then we jumped on the plan. And then about a year later, after the circus came to town, during that famous year, I joined EveryDollar to tighten everything up. So basically we were already almost there. We kind of did Da Dave Twisted instead of Dave. Yeah. You've been following some of the principles and you went, oh, I like what this guy has to say.


I align with a lot of this. We should just go all in on this plan. Did did you Say Dave Twisted? Yes. Oh, I like that because We, It's like the twisted Teeth, you some things outta order. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. It's, it's not, yeah, it's, We'll forgive You. It's not, it's not your best beverage. Well, way it go. You guys are impressive. That's great. Interesting. Really, really fun. I love the story here. Really love the story. All Right. Can it be done? That's the question. Oh yeah. Some young people out there. Oh yes. A young Kristen's listing in. Why can it still be done? Well, you just, you just have to have a mindset and it doesn't matter how much you're saving, as long as you start early and put anything in whatever, you know, whatever you can save, you know it.


And, and I do have to add a little bit to my story. 14 years I was part-time. I didn't, I most of my career, I was part-time and we paid for private school for our daughter preschool through college. And we cash flow to wedding. You know, we did all that. And our average salary, I calculated it 'cause I'm a math nerd. Sorry. Our average salary was like $69,000 throughout our life. Wow. Well you're, you're proving it. 'cause our millionaire study found that one outta three millionaires in the, out of the 10,000 of them never made six figures in their working career. Yeah, we Didn't, yeah. We never made six figures until 2019. Wow. Way to Go.


So anybody, anybody out there listening, you can't tell me you can't do it. Because if I can do it with all that stuff and all those circumstances, then you, you have no excuse. Yeah. A lot of life happened in between and you guys cash flowed things. You just kept investing, you got everything paid off and not having debt, I mean, that changes the net worth equation. Assets minus liabilities. If you got no liabilities, you're all in the green. That's correct. Yep. Way to go. Kristen, really thank you for, for sharing your story with us. I'll tell you what she just said there at the end would make TikTok melt. You know what I mean? Because I see so much of the, of these young people just literally freaking out because six figures isn't enough to live on. And so if I, if I can't live on that, no one can live on it, then you know, woe is me.


The sky is falling. And here she is saying you don't even need to make six figures. So that's a very counter social media message, but it happens to be the truth. And you heard the, the mindset shift. Yeah. If you can get this early on, not caring what other people think is a superpower in today's culture. I think it's a superpower That's impressive. Anytime And yeah, they got it early. So the earlier you understand that the less you care about what people think, the more you run your own race, building wealth at your pace, instead of trying to run, get rich quick, impress your friends with the car you drive. Listen, nobody's impressed rolling up in the oh nine Hyundai Sonata. It's worth $2,000, but who cares? She said it drives great. I got no problems with it. Yeah. I'd rather put my money elsewhere.


She's not Bragging about her car, but she's also sleeping really well at night. You know, I'll take that. So How about that? There you go. A real baby steps millionaire. They're out there folks. Are you the next one? I hope so. By the way, I gotta come back to something. You said you dropped a dime on us and it needs it. What was it? Bears repeating, I think you said run your own race, build wealth at your pace. Oh, I don't know. You might have dropped a bar. I think the kids say You do inspire me just by proximity principle. I gain bars. That's all I'm gonna say. Good stuff. Quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show This.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry in slow motion than file your taxes, but thankfully you don't have to dread filing. When you've got Ramsey Smart Tax, it comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus, with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business you Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Pre-order today,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. So glad you are with us. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell joins me. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Hey, are you staying on track with the baby steps? If you want to know, take a quick quiz to check your progress and receive a personalized plan just for you. All you gotta do is head to the show notes, click on the link titled Are You On Track With the Baby Steps and you can complete the quiz. That's a great little prompt and helper for you. Alright, back to the phone as we go. George is in Cincinnati, Ohio. George, How can we help? Hey, how are you guys? Good. What's going on today? I'm a fourth year medical student. I'm gonna graduate medical school in a couple months and I have about $250,000 worth of student debt on me.


And I wanted to know if you think it would be a good idea. You know, I I need to move to a residency. I I'm starting residency in July and I need to move. And I was wondering if you'd recommend buying a house instead of renting What you, what what's your, what are you gonna be making in residency? So I'm, I'm getting married, so my fiance will be making about $150,000 a year and I'll be making around $60,000 a year. So two 10. When are you get married? This May. Okay. So we can call it two 10 combined income soon enough.


And does she have any debt? Yeah, No, that, that's the only debt we have. That's our, all our combined debt Is the two 50. What's the payment on that gonna be? It, it's kind of up in May right now 'cause they're federal loans and it's unclear if they're gonna, if income based repayment is gonna be an option, but it's, let's say we did, you know, the 25 year repayment plan at be around $2,000 a month, 25 years. Dude, you're gonna be geriatric by then. Yeah, that's true. I mean, the 10, the 10 year repayment plan is, is I think 3,300. Okay. Well here's the deal. Are you new to the program?


New to the show? I I've been listen it for the past couple of weeks. Okay, so relatively new. Yes. Awesome. So there's a, there's a time and place where we recommend buying a house and only then, and that's when you're completely debt free with an emergency fund and a solid down payment. And even then the parameter would be 25% of your take home pay going toward that mortgage on a 15 year fixed right loan. So would I recommend a guy who has a quarter million in debt, go into more debt and become a homeowner as he becomes a newlywed and leaves med school into residency? No. Mm. But the good news is you guys are gonna be making great money and the trajectory is so high that you're gonna be a homeowner before you know it.


But I would rent for a few years think about this. Could you, out of the two 10, could you throw a hundred thousand of that live like you're broke? Throw it at the student loan debt? I probably could. Yeah. If you rented cheaply as newlyweds, this is the, the greatest phase because nobody cares that you're broke when you're newlyweds. And if you do that, you'll be debt free in two and a half years without your income going up. Now See that's exciting, George. So then a year later you have an emergency fund and a down payment. And what are you projected to make After residency? Well, after, so it's a five year training program and, and starting is around 400 to four 50.


All Right. Imagine that timeline, George's timeline that he just gave you. And then you come into making 400 Gs. I mean that's, how's that feel? Yeah, yeah. No, I didn't ask. How does it feel? Have you actually Oh, Like Think about that for a second. I, yeah, yeah. As opposed to the 25 year plan. I, I mean I, the, the only reason I was thinking about the 25 year plan is, is, is just to lower interest payment And revenue. No, I know, I know why you did it. You're trying to lower the monthly payment. I get it. But my point is is George just gave you a two year plan. Yeah, that's true. So Here's the deal. All of your friends around you are gonna think you're crazy for aggressively paying off your student loans.


They're gonna go, Hey, I'm just gonna die with this. Or Hey, I'm gonna make great money one day. Not really worried about the loans. I wanna live my life. I've been to med school for too long. I'm a resident, I'm a doc now. I wanna get a nice house. I wanna get a nice car. You're gonna see that all around you. This lifestyle creep that happens in the medical world. And lemme tell you, my whole family's in the medical world. And so this happens. And if you're not careful, you will be like the other doctors broke, stressed out going, man, I make 400 grand. I don't know where any of it goes. It just disappears every single month. Or you could go against the grain aggressively, pay off your debt, buy a house, pay that off aggressively, and then be making half a million dollar household income with zero payments.


And when you're burnt out one day you just retire and go, I'm done. I'm gonna do something else. I'm gonna go volunteer, I'm gonna go do some overseas, you know, doc work. And that, I think will free you if you follow that plan instead of do what everyone else is doing. And I understand that's controversial. Yeah. I love it. I think that's great. Let's, let's see if we get Alexander in here in Colorado Springs. Alexander, How can we help? Hi, how are you doing today? Good, How are you sir? Oh, I'm alive and healthy. So just working on the wealthy. Okay. Hey. All Right. All Right. That was good. You pulled that one out. It was a little melancholy and then you gave me some positivity at the end and rescued that. That was great. What's your question?


Appreciate that. We got about, we got about three minutes. What's our what's your question? Okay, so I'm in debt. In debt and I wanna get out of debt and I have options. I'm currently in the life insurance industry and I have two jobs that I can choose from. 'cause I'm looking at changing industries. Okay. And I was just wondering which one's the smarter way to go to help me get outta Debt. Okay. Gimme A and B. So A is, so a is working with my father. So my dad works and he's a very successful person and it'd be working for him as an employee. I'd be getting $2,500 at first in draws. I'd be a sales rep. I don't like that option too much 'cause I don't wanna owe my dad money. All Right. Well let's stop.


Talk about it. Go. What's BB is going and doing door-to-door pest control sales. I, I used to do it for a lot a long time and I stopped last year and then I was considering getting back in 'cause I, I was offered a good opportunity. So you've got, you've got an opportunity on the table and offer to get back into that. Yep. What are you gonna make or what can you make in that role? So my first year with, with a worse offer, I made 40,000 in four months at this offer. If I, if being realistic, I think I can make at least 45 to 50,000 in four months. It's just hard work obviously. Now why is it only four months?


That's just how the pest control industry works. You'd go and work and knock doors for four, five months at most and then you go home and they pay you all your money. Okay, but what are you doing in the rest of the eight months? A year? So the eight months of the year, that's what I was considering. I could either continue and work and recruit and build my team or I could get another job in that time and that, that's kind of how it would go. Okay. How much debt do you have? So I actually have it written out here. I did take time to do that. I have about 14,000 in debt. Well I think this is pretty straightforward. George. Alexander, you give us two options. You don't even like option A.


So I automatically usually lean with, with the person 'cause there's good reasons you don't wanna, you don't like the job doesn't seem like it's gonna pay as much as option B. The pest control. Is that true as well? To an extent. So to be super clear about what it would be with my dad, I'd be kind of starting something new with him. It's selling life insurance again, but corporate life insurance. So the payout really just depends on how I perform, but I don't know how I would perform on that. And it could be anybody anywhere between six months to a year before I get my first sale. Oh, yikes. I'm gonna take, so I don't like that. Let's go option B. I feel great about that aggressively. I'm gonna use that four months to get aggressive to build yourself a financial foundation.


Those 48 Months. Five. Yeah, I, I'd get rid of the debt. Get an emergency fund once this four months is up, you've got a great financial foundation. You need to find like a career. Yeah. And so I'm gonna give you Ken's book if that's okay with Ken. It is. Find the work, you find the Work you're wire to do. It's got an assessment in it. I want you to take the assessment and then read the book. It's only 45 minute read tells you what to do with your assessors. 'cause you need to be figuring out in the short term what to do in those other eight months. I like what you threw out there. Yeah. When I hear someone say I wanna build my team, I like that. I like the sound of that. If that means mow money for you. So, but, but let's also be thinking anybody who likes going door to door selling pest control services, my man, you're a freak.


And I mean that in a good way because that is, that is somebody who can handle rejection. George. And that person is unstoppable. So I gotta say Alexander, you figure out what you really want to be selling a product or a service that you can get fired up about. And my man, you're gonna be very wealthy with that ability to handle rejection like you can, I mean you're, you're something else. So get after it young man. Get after it. I love it. Alright, George Campbell great hour. Always fun to be with. You. Wanna thank James Childs our fearless leader and our hearty, hearty crew of men behind the glass that keep us on the air. Thank you America. This is The Ramsey Show.