
North Carolina, the countdown is on me and Dr. John Delony will be with you live next Wednesday, April 23rd. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Durham, brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free to today Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships.


I'm Dave RAMSEY, George Campbell, number one bestselling author, host of the George Kamel show, co-host of Smart Money, Happy Hour, and RAMSEY Personality. He is my co-host today. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Big day. A lot of happenings around this show today. And give you a couple of heads up on that. We don't usually do that first thing off the block, but I'm gonna do it today. It is launch day for my brand new book. Build a Business You love teaching small businesses The Clear Path through the five stages of business. We've worked with 10,000 small businesses across America, and we are one, and we have survived 2008.


We've survived tariff wars, we've survived everything. And you have two if you're fighting and scratching out there, running a business, it's hard, but we're gonna give you the clear path on how to get there. Build a Business You Love is launching officially today. Thank you for that. Congrats on the launch, Dave. Well, thank you and Happy Tax Day. Yes, perfect timing. We needed some good news Today. Someone said, did you do that on purpose? And I went, absolutely not. But you know, so anyway, we're doing it. And Amazon Music is now carrying The Ramsey Show and have been as they're in the podcast world now. So if you haven't checked out that, be sure and do, that's the way to go.


And as a part of them celebrating that, they are putting us and this book on one of the big digital billboards in Times Square. Oh, that's cool. This week. So in a couple of days, if snap a photo, if you see it walking through Times Square with the 8,000 different digital billboards that are there, you'll see our shining face up there as one of them this week. Thank you to Amazon Music for doing that for us and, and for carrying our show. We appreciate it also. And basically this show is broadcast in podcast and video anywhere they'll let us. That's the rule. And so anybody that has it, anybody that does it, we put it out there. So obviously a lot of you are on Spotify, a lot of you are on YouTube, A lot of you're on Apple Podcast and talk radio and thank you for all of that.


Spotify this week has gone to video as well, so you can now watch the show on video. We're one of their first video products as well. And so if you don't wanna watch it on YouTube for whatever reason, and you're a Spotify person, you'll like that. We appreciate that. So you can find us there. So just a lot of things happening, a lot of things going. This show is exploded. The the numbers are astronomical and you guys out there are the reason. So we wanted to just take a second and update you and tell you thank you for all of that. And several of my friends that live in this area and other areas, I have been on their podcasts in the last year.


Tucker Carlson, I flew up to Maine and did his, and he's been a friend for years. And, and it was the first time I'd ever been on his podcast. That was a lot of fun. Theo Vaughn came over, that was a good one. And we had a lot of fun with that. Theo's a a new friend, but he lives here in the neighborhood and we've been hanging out a little bit. And I'm really liking this young guy. He's a neat young guy and we set up his studio in our studio. He does do his podcast from here in Franklin, Tennessee where we do. But he came over and we did that. I guess that was almost six or eight months ago now. Yep. And then another guy that lives in the neighborhood that is a new friend in the last, I guess six months ago or eight months ago, I met him for the first time and really liked this guy.


And he's a young podcaster that's exploded, become a big deal. And he's about literally a mile from here where he does his Oh wow. Where he does his show maybe, maybe two miles where he does his show. And that's Sean Ryan and I did a long episode. He does long form stuff. So we were sitting there for over three hours, a long episode with him. And it dropped this week today, yesterday afternoon whenever it was his, so the Sean Ryan podcast with me and him hanging out talking life and kids and marriage and Christ and Money of course, and leadership and business and Trump tariffs and anything else he wanna talk about. We just sat there and talked and classic Sean Ryan.


But I'm not his normal. I'm not a a SEAL team six guy or a former CIA assassin or anything. So I'm not his normal fair. But, but, but I really like the guy. I enjoy hanging out with him and sharp young dad, a young husband and man, he's a great, great interviewer. So Sean Ryan, if you wanna see that long form interview, you can pick it up of course on his podcast Sean Ryan show. Yeah. On there. So lots of things happening around here, George. Busy week and you know what, 150 teenagers came in a while ago. Yeah. And I, I'm, I thought they were protesters. I was walking through the They're not protesting not in here. I thought it was like a TikTok ban protest or something.


We wouldn't, we wouldn't do that. But no, I mean, I'm walking through the lunchroom down there and I hear this cheer come up like Rory McElroy walked up on the green or something and it's George walking in to talk to the teenagers and I think they thought the Beatles were here. It really, it made me feel like a superhero. I was very kind because they see my face every day in the classroom watching our foundations and personal finance curriculum. So the guy from the TV is in front of them now, so this is as close as they'll get to seeing a real celebrity. Did they say that you're taller in person? I Forced them to say that. I said, do you guys think I'm taller in person? They said, yes, absolutely. Absolutely. You're bulked up. You're bulked up now. I send some snark on them. Yeah. Well no, teenagers would never have snark.


Not those teenagers. They're good kids. But it was funny, I'm walking through the Dadgum cafe, the RAMSEY cafe downstairs where our team all eats and I hear this cheer go up, You got excited. And I'm like, wow, what is, who's here? And I, I turned, I said, I asked Ken Coleman, I was, I saw him. I said, Ken, who's here? And he said, George, It's a big deal Dave. I know it's not to you. You're used to seeing me in person, but you catch me in a Costco, it's a riot after people are losing their minds. Yeah. They give up on the dollar 50 hotdog. Exactly. George is here. George Is here. That was fun. It means we're helping kids change their lives. I asked them, I said, who's committing to living their life debt free? All the hands flew up in the air. So our work has meaning.


I Doubt. There you go. The next generation is getting it. Well, and you're the primary feature in the, in the curriculum. I'm in it a little bit. Rachel's in it. Rachel's in there. Delony is in there. But I mean we got some Ken in there. But you're the primary right? I was hosting, so you see a lot of me. Ah, Okay. Because I was all over it. Okay. I just cut the different pieces. I knew that we put in the, and it used to be all me, God helped the poor teenagers and they're like, they Like You. Well they, they sort of did. They Don't love you, but they like You. Oh, oh, there we go. Okay. They love you. All Right. That's it. So, no, it's a great curriculum though. A lot of people don't know that. Our curriculums are now at 48% of high schools in America. 6 million High school students have been through our high school curriculum now.


Wow. So you think, man, they should teach this stuff in schools. We're doing it. They do. We've Been doing it. And if your school's not, then hey, you ought to have a little FOMO here and get your school going. And some of y'all ought to maybe sponsor it. Well I talked to a guy in Birmingham this week that on the air here yesterday that one of the teachers and one of the local home builders sponsored it. That's cool. His, for his school and his school is title one school, so it's almost a hundred percent free lunch. So it's an area that's lower socioeconomic. And he goes, I can teach these kids how they never have to live like their parents have lived. Wow. They're gonna become wealthy, they're not gonna live in poverty. And this math teacher and he was on fire and the home builder paid for the local home builder. That's cool. Paid for it for all the kids to go through.


And so they're teaching it at that high school because of him. So I Love it. Well we don't usually take a segment and give you updates on us, but there's a lot of us happening this week. And So we won't take a second and do that, by the way, we'll be Dr. John Delony and I will be in Louisville, Kentucky Monday if you haven't gotten your tickets yet. And Atlanta Friday and Durham, North Carolina on Wednesday. And so that's the first three cities of our six city tour next week. So get ready for those as well. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And Oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me Too. I mean, you're gonna have a crisis here and you know you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. And term take care of your dad. Gum, family man Term life insurance can replace income, pay dads cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying I love you to your family Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


George Kamel RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today, Colin is in Fort Myers, Florida. Hi Colin, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, how are you? Better than we deserve. What's up My car? I was in shopping, shopping mall and I was, I'm unstable off my, my bipolar. I was unstable off my bipolar disorder medication. I broke into my own car. My car was towed to the tow facility, the tow facility auctioned it off 'cause I was in jail. 'cause when the police came I, I got scared and I ran, was in jail for about 83 days. And while I was in jail, the tow company sold the car for 21,000. It was worth 41,000.


I shouldn't have bought the car to begin with. They shouldn't have sold the car to begin with at Honda Acura. And they ended up selling the car at the tow company and an auction and then got 20, about 21,000 for it. And there's a balance of 20,945. And then Honda Acura sold the debt to a creditor. And I was just wondering if I should pay the creditor or just let, there's a repossession on the record. Ready, so I'm not sure what to do. Wow. Okay. Well I need to help you reframe your story. Okay. The tow company didn't do anything wrong. Yeah, they didn't, they Sold a car that had been sitting on their lot for 83 days in order to cover the tow bill and the storage bill.


And, and so Honda, you owed Honda 41,000? Yeah, I I bought the car and I guess, I guess it's a matter if I say this or not. They, they, they, I was unstable when I bought the car. They said I was A-A-A-A-A truck driver or something like that when I was an Uber driver to get the loan. I signed off at CarX, was unstable, sold me the car for $41,000, couldn't afford a 900 a month payment. Okay. But I I I'm trying to just get the, hold on, hold on. I'm just trying to get the numbers straight honey. So you, you have 41,000 owed on the car. The tow company sold it for 21,000. Yes.


How did they give clear title to it if the loan hadn't been paid off? That's interesting. I'm not sure. I don't know. I don't know how far the law was. Can't I can't imagine that if the car didn't at least pay off the lien. Well anyway, I don't know how they got titled, but that's a different issue. So bottom line is, is that they put 20 something thousand dollars towards the debt and you still owe 20 something thousand dollars on a car. That was in a weird way sort of repo, right? Yeah. They did this, they just sent me a, a letter saying I could settle for $8,300. There you go. Two payments of 5,200. There you go. Do you have any money? I don't have any money till November.


I have a settlement check coming in for $5,700 in November. I could probably settle with them and then Okay. Should that, I should I should do that. Yeah. You, you're, you're gonna have to clear the debt. It is a valid debt and typically a repo debt you can clear for somewhere around a, a quarter on the dollar. And so the $20,000 balance should, you probably can clear it for around five eight was their first offer. You could probably get 'em down to five, but you don't have five today, so you can't really make 'em a counter offer today. What you could do is just ignore 'em and let 'em get a little bit more sweaty before you have to deal with them. That's not a bad thing. Eventually they're gonna get around to suing you for that.


Are you working? I for the first time in my life, but I'm not working now. I i six months outta work. I I went off my psychiatric drugs right before I sold my condo four years ago. And I came in at $72,000 and went through four years of hell until I finally realized in the last three weeks, fresh outta the hospital two weeks ago that I need So you you're outta the hospital two weeks ago now? Pretty much, yeah. Are You stable or are you on back on the meds? Yeah, I'm back on the meds now. I take lithium and one on a drug, but I just, it's, and I'm a little shaky right now, a little shaky, but I'm stable, so working through things.


But yeah, I I I, at 14 years old, I started a vending company, had that for 10 years and then worked for in pizza delivery for about another 10 years or so. So it's, it's been a rough ride. IIII believe I saw Jesus Christ in the hospital in Tampa after I was going 45, 55 miles an hour. I fell asleep at the wheel. I prayed to God in Jesus' name to stop my car in the middle of traffic or nothing. No, I was him to help me and I I I was going 45, 55 miles an hour in, in Sarasota. He stopped my car in the middle of traffic. I had cars in front of me, cars, the side of me hanging a scratch my body nowhere, wherever I deployed. Yeah. And only 700 some dollars damage.


So in Tampa Hospital, Colin, the, the, the first thing before we worry about healing your numbers, healing your math and your finances is for calling to get healing. Okay? Yeah. And so whatever work you just did at the hospital and whatever work you've gotta do to finish stabilizing your meds to get there, that keeps you, if you can get there and stay there, it keeps you from falling into the traps of buying things, of getting things, re getting things stored, getting in jail. It keeps you out of all those traps. 'cause all those things set all your financial numbers back, hon. It makes it real tough.


And so almost everything you're having to clean up is the result of you being sideways. Right. And so if we can keep, yeah, if we can help, if you can focus on Colin, focus on what your therapist is saying. Get those drugs balanced and getting them balanced is a trick. You know that. And getting them right to where you have enough energy to live. But you're also not completely freaking manic, which you sound a little bit right now like you are, but I want you to work on healing Colin. And then as you do that, you'll be able to get and hold a job of some kind to create an income and then you can settle this repossession deficit for somewhere around 25 cents on the dollar.


So $5,000 will clean this particular mess up, but you will have seven other messes if Colin doesn't find healing. Yeah. And so, man, we'll be praying for you brother. Sounds like you've really been through it. And I want you to get, I want you to get stable and get, get straight, straight and narrow and for your sake, and just find, find some peace and find some ground. You can walk on this solid. And another tactical piece of this is adding some stop gaps in there, like freezing your credit with all the bureaus so that you can't open debt. 'cause right now it could just take one little slip up and you, you opened a new line of credit, got another loan, and like you found out, these dealerships, these lenders, they don't care. They'll do whatever it takes to get you another loan.


And so put some stopgaps in place to help protect yourself. Wow. But that's, that's scary. Mike is in Connecticut. Hey Mike, how are you? Good. How are you? How can we help sir? So I have some rental properties that as I get, I guess as I get closer to retirement, I'm looking for some advice on how you would exit owning the rental properties other than selling and just paying the taxes. That's pretty well it, if you want to exit, I mean you can do 10 31 exchanges, but you would be trading these rental properties for other rental properties, right?


I guess. And that's not exiting my Question. What what do you think about A-R-E-I-T ex exchanging into an REIT? You can't, it's not like kind has to be actively managed property and you're not actively managing a reit. A REIT is more of a mutual fund than it is a real estate investment. So you'd Have to sell it then use the proceeds to invest into a reit. But you're gonna, you're gonna have the taxes on it. So 10 31 tax deferred does not work to a reit. Not in my opinion. I mean you have to get a TA professional tax advice if you want. But if somebody told you that on TikTok, I would be questioning it. I don't think, I don't think that'll work.


'cause it has to be income producing to income producing. You can't trade your lakehouse for another lakehouse in a 10 31 unless you rent it 181 days a year and call it a rental property over six months of the year. So you can't, you can't trade your personal residence in a 10 31. It doesn't work. It's income producing property for income producing property. And so you've got to, You know, active, it's actively managed stuff. And so that's what you're looking at. What you can do if you wanna do is 10 31 is move from something that is like if you've got a bunch of houses and you wanna move out of the residential drama of tenants, move to a boring tenant like a warehouse deal.


Warehouse tenants are boring. And a lot of those are Triple net, meaning they pay the taxes, the insurance and the maintenance and pay you rent. And you don't do anything except collect a check then now that's that you can do a 10 31 on for some houses. So you could look at doing some of that, but otherwise you're gonna pay some capital gains. And depending on how long you've held them and how far you've depreciated down your basis, your capital gains could be substantial.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my field of greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable infield of greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water. And here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass, but it tastes great. And only field of greens makes this promise. Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's field of greens.com/ RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Hey, technology has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Now the hot topic is ai and I understand that it might seem intimidating, but if you use AI the right way, it's just another tool to help you work smarter and faster. Like a calculator or a cordless drill. So if you run a business, you'd better get on board with it before you get left behind. And NetSuite by Oracle offers AI powered tools that help small businesses improve efficiency and make smarter decisions by bringing all their major business processes into one platform. That way there's one source of truth for the real time data you need to take advantage of opportunities then you can forecast better, scale more efficiently and streamline those manual tasks that take too long. So join the more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions that rely on NetSuite to help tackle some of their biggest challenges. And right now you can download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Well it's book launch day for Build a Business you love. If you're running a business, you know the truth. The truth is, running a business is hard. Everybody thinks, oh, I'm gonna be self-employed. It'll be so easy. No, you find out pretty quick. You have a jerk for a boss. I mean, I work me like a rented mule. I I crack the whip on me like nobody's business, right? Working for yourself's tough. It's hard, it's fun, it's exhilarating, but easy is not one of the adjectives that you use. And I'll tell you what is harder is when you don't have a clear path, you don't know where you're going. Like we're going to Florida, but we don't know which way. So we're just gonna drive around and hope we end up there.


If you're running your business that way, that's, man, that's really anxiety producing. I don't mind going uphill as long as I know when I get there that I'm at the destination. I don't wanna go up the hill and then find out I'm on the wrong hill. It's a bad idea. So that's what this book's about. It's like the baby steps for your business. It's the proven system we've used to grow RAMSEY and coach thousands of business owners. And you can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Build a business you love and we'd love for you to get that book today. Today is the first day. It is the, it's pub day. It's on the streets today. You'll find it in bookstores and Amazon and our website and everybody else will ship it to you starting today.


Or you can walk into the bookstore and if you see it laying there, pick it up. It'll be there today.


Our question today is brought to you by why refi? Why refi, refinances defaulted private student loans. That's different than a federal student loan and it means you even, you can't even make the required payments if that describes you, why refi can help you. They will restructure the loan for you, get you where you're current, and then help you get out of debt. 'cause they wanna get their money back. That's pretty cool. And you know, low fixed rate loan that's customized to you. Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Allison in Minnesota. I agree with your advice not to get whole life insurance, but I have a question about it. With term life insurance, if you outlive the term, you lose all of the money you paid in premiums with whole life, you would still have some cash value. Is the difference between them worth the risk of getting nothing? Well, here's the thing. Term life is not an investment. So the idea that you got nothing that's like saying, well my house didn't burn down so I guess I wasted all that money on homeowner's insurance. It's not the point. It's to replace your income if something were to happen to you. And by the way, that whole life is gonna be 10 times the cost and it's a giant rip off. 'cause it all goes to the whole life company.


So there is a huge difference and still come out ahead in every case. Yeah. So the thing is, this term is one 20th, it's 20 times less expensive. And if you invest the other 95 cents on the dollar that you're not spending on whole life into your retirement, you're gonna have millions of dollars. And that beats what you would've had had you put the same amount of money in whole life. So what you're comparing here is inaccurate. You're saying that term I'm gonna get nothing and whole life I put in the same amount and I'll get something. No, you put in 20 times more. And if you had taken that difference term and invest the difference somewhere else, you didn't spent the same money you spent on the whole life, you would end up with a lot more.


Whether you live or whether you die. And, and so that's the way to go. But life insurance, all insurance is not an investment. No insurance. No insurance is an investment is a better way of saying it. George is exactly right. If your house burns down, doesn't burn down and you never got money for your homeowner's insurance, did you get ripped off? No. You transferred the risk that you could not afford to buy a new home. If your house burnt down without insurance, you transfer the risk if someone dies with life insurance that they're depending on your income. And so if you're 32 years old and you got three little kids and no money and, and papa dies, mama's got a mess.


So you need to go to Xandr Insurance and you need to get life insurance to transfer the risk because you can't afford to die. You can't afford to have your house burned down without homeowner's insurance. And she can't afford to die without life insurance to make sure your family is taken care of. So you're transferring the risk. It's not an investment. And so you've got all of this convoluted Allison, which tells me that you've been talking to and stop it a whole life agent, stop talking to them. 'cause this you're the words you're using and the way you're bringing this up is straight out of their little playbook. It's out of their little script on how they sell this crap.


And it, what's the old saying? If if don't argue with an idiot, they'll drag you down and beat you with experience. That's most whole life agents. Jade is in Sacramento. Hi Jade, how are you? Good. How Are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Yeah, so my husband and I actually took your guys' high school course and we are completely debt free. We do have a mortgage, but other than that, no credit card debt. And my question is, can we afford a substantial vacation? At what point can we spend money on a vacation? Well, we tell folks until you're through baby step three. Do you know what that is?


Let me see. I have my notes. That's can remind me. I'll tell, I'll tell you. It's okay. Dave memorized it. The baby step three is a fully funded emergency fund and you're out of debt. You should not go on vacation until you have those done. If you've got your, in other words, if you've got your emergency fund, you're to baby step four. Yeah. Which means you should be putting 15% of your income away for retirement. Yeah. And you should be putting something for your kids college and putting a little extra on your mortgage. If in that budget you can pay cash for a vacation, a couch or an upgrade in a car or whatever other spending you want to do, that's the time you would do it. And it sounds like that might be where you are.


Yeah, we have, we have a good amount. Saves for emergency. Okay. PDD account. And do you have 15% going into retirement? Yes. Good. Okay. And what are we talking about spending on a vacation? Three to 5,000. 5,000 would be generous. Around 3000. Okay. And what's your household income? Okay, Right now it's 82 Grove 60 net. And you would pay cash for this vacation? Yes. No more debt. No debt. No more debt. More debt ever.


Yes sir. Okay. All Right. Yeah, that's what we, that's when we would tell you to do it. All Right. You have the money today? Yeah. So yeah. Awesome. It's in our savings. Wonderful. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Your savings, is that your emergency fund? So we have 27,000 in our savings emergency. So it's more than our, okay. Whatever You need to quit calling. You need to quit calling your savings. Okay. You need to take all of your savings and give it a name. How much of the 27,000 is the emergency fund? How much of it is the vacation fund? How much of it is the Christmas fund?


How much of it is whatever? Okay. And so I'll, I'll just make up a number. Just to give you an example. I've got 27,000 in my savings account, but 20,000 of that is the emergency fund. We never touch that. I've got 4,000 of the 27 is my vacation fund and 3000 of my 27 is saving up for a better car or a VA or Christmas next winter or whatever. I don't care. But you should give your dollars a name. 'cause if you just call it savings, then you can emotionally justify taking any of it out and get right too far down into your emergency fund, which you don't want to do.


Yeah. Okay. So you, you and your husband decide how much of this is your emergency fund. And I actually, George and I, we generally would recommend you put your emergency fund portion in a separate account. I Like keeping 'em all separate so you don't touch it for anything. And then you could have a miscellaneous savings where we're saving up for different things and we itemize those. But I, I like having it separate so I don't get all excited about the vacation and or the car purchase or whatever. And you know, all of a sudden I'm down into that emergency fund and then I have an emergency and oh my, now we got a mess again. So, but it sounds like you're ready to go. Jade, enjoy your vacation kiddo. This is The Ramsey Show.


Let's be honest. Shopping for health insurance can be confusing with high costs, complicated terms and customer service that doesn't really serve you. Most folks just pick a plan and hope for the best. See, insurance companies don't work for you. They work for themselves. Meaning they love it when you overpay. So you need a guide on your team to help you make the best choices. Health trust financial works for you. They're not salespeople. They help you find the health insurance option that makes sense and saves you money. The fact is health insurance is one of the biggest expenses in your budget. But most people who work with Health Trust Financial end up saving $500 a month. Imagine putting that kind of money toward the baby steps. My team has worked with them for over 20 years and they've served thousands of people just like you. They're the only health insurance broker that's RAMSEY trusted to help you. So stop throwing money away and get the health insurance that's right for you@healthtrustfinancial.com. That's health trust financial.com.


Thanks for being with us America. We're so glad you are here. Connor is in Toronto, Ontario. Hey Connor. What's up? Hey. Hey. How are you today? Better than I deserve. How can I help? Yeah, so I'm 25 married, I got a, I got a daughter and about $550,000 in debt, including a mortgage. Just kind of feels like I have your EveryDollar off. I've been trying to use it, but even then it just feels really overwhelming trying to see basically no light at the end of the tunnel. So, right. So it's just a little need some guidance basically on how, how to work it out from here.


How much consumer debt do you have? Let's separate the mortgage out 'cause that'll help take away this mountain of debt you're looking at. Sure. Yeah. A second here. I have $145,000 home equity line of credit, $14,000 personal line of credit on my wife's side that was transferred over from a student loan thousand dollars credit card and a $5,000 credit card to 165,000 total. Okay. What was the, what was the home equity line for? For consolidating other debt? What was that debt? Two cars that we had.


And then some of it too was basically we're Rob and Peter to pay Paul. Right. My wife went on, we're in Ontario. Like you got 18 months of maternity leave. Right. So, but when you are in 18 months, the sub, the subsidy that you get from the government is very low. Like it could be maybe $500 a month. Right. So I was using that to pay for our home expenses too, on top of that. So She couldn't afford to go on 18 months worth of leave, but did it anyway, 12 or 18 months Yeah. Is what you get. So She, yeah, she, no, you don't get it at full. You get it at 500 bucks a month and starve the death.


So she couldn't, you guys could not afford for her to go out for 18 months. But she did anyway. Yeah. She was on maternity leave for that time. Yeah. And you was debt defunded essentially. Yeah, at the time I was working a commission job. Right. So I wasn't making a steady income though, at, at a time during that 18 months. Sometimes At the time you couldn't afford for her to take that much time off. And she did anyway. Yes. Okay. I want y'all to hear that. I want, 'cause you can't, you can't go into these things and you fall backward into 'em again. You can do that once, but you need to learn what the mistake was. And the mistake was, you can't look up and go, well I don't wanna work.


Yeah. That's not an option when you're broke. All Right. So what do you make now? I make about 80 to a hundred thousand a year. What Does she make now? About 65 ish. 70. Okay. So you make 165. Yeah, i, I will get raises next for the next four years. How Long is, how long has she been back to work For? About six to eight months now. Okay. Because you should have easily been making it with both of you working and making progress. Yeah. Making, I mean, good god.


What does it take for you to live? I mean, you should be putting 5, 6, 8, $10,000 a month on these debts. Yeah. I mean our take home pay probably per month is about 8,000. Oh yeah. You're in Canada. I forgot you guys get your butts tax off. We whine about taxes in the US and you make us look like champions. Are you guys investing too at all? Yeah, she has a, an investment account here, we call it. It's a tax free savings account, right? Yeah. So you get to, and, and you get to invest and you get to take out tax free, but you're capped at about 6,000 a year to put in. Yeah. You need to stop investing temporarily and work what we call the baby steps.


Have you ever heard of that? I have. Just based on the podcast. Like I've thought about getting financial Peace University. I didn't know if it translated over to Canada, but I'm sure the principals would too. The principals do. I'll send you a copy of the Total Money makeover book and George, then he would work the baby steps. Yeah. So baby step one is a thousand dollars starter emergency fund. Likely you guys have that. And then baby step two, again, you're pausing investing, we're not borrowing another dime. You are gonna pay off all of your debts from smallest to largest balance with the debt snowball method. So you're make minimum payments on all the debts, but on that smallest one, attack it with a vengeance though, as much extra as you can at it. And it gets knocked out real quick. 'cause it's the smallest one.


Take that payment, you freed up apply it to the next until the next, until you're completely debt free. And if you do it that way, making 165 and maybe working even more, maybe you get a side hustle. You guys can clean this up in two Years. No eating out, no vacations, no investing, no over taxation, don't over withhold. Make sure you're withholding is the only what you have to pay in taxes no more. You don't wanna get tax refunds like we do in the us. It's a bad idea. And you guys gotta live on beans and rice, rice and beans because you have made a freaking mess at 25 years old with babies. And that's not unusual. You're not a horrible person.


Most people live like you're living. But as you described doing, you opened the call when I picked up the phone. It's no freaking fun. Normal sucks and I don't wanna be normal. So you gotta get mad and pay out. And if you got any savings at all, that's not retirement savings. Start throwing it at these debts tonight. Knock out that a thousand dollars credit card, cut it up, knock out that $5,000 credit card, cut it up, knock out that little $14,000 personal loan and be done with it. Man. That's only, that right there is only 20 grand. You should be done with that in just a few months. And then that gets you down to the home equity line and the house. And then I want you to plow through that home equity line as fast as you possibly can or refinance the house and roll the home equity line into it.


Either one, but no more borrowing ever. You need to have plastic surgery. Chop up the credit cards a mastectomy. You need to decide I'm not living like this anymore. So that you can get clear of this. 'cause you've, you've spent more than you make your entire married life and it's reached the end mathematically. You don't have that option to do that anymore. And it's stressful and it makes you feel shamed and it puts a strain on your relationship. And you guys as a couple, as two grownups have to live on less than you make, period.


No exceptions. And by the way, Connor, that's all of us. We all of you people listening, all of you people watching, you have to live on less than You make. And I was the master at spending money and borrowing it to co and borrowing to cover up my disorganization, my impulsive spending, my entitled mentality. I had all of that in my twenties. And it's one of the things that led me to build a business that caused me to go bankrupt. And that, that's how I learned all this stuff is the hard way. So I've done it worse than you. And One of the biggest traps out there is when you play the shell game, you start moving the debts around. Well, we can consolidate that, we can wrap it into the heloc and you feel like you did something 'cause action was taken, but you just moved the debts around and didn't clean any of it up.


In fact, it probably is worse now because they're not separated. So you don't get to do the debt snowball with a giant HELOC sitting there. And so this is, this is the stupid tax that we talk about. And one day you look back and go, man, remember when we were young and we made all those decisions? Well, at 27 you guys are gonna be completely debt free if you do it this way with the rest of your life Ahead or sooner. Yeah. You hurt Dave. Get to work. Yeah. I mean, I want you guys 18 months beans and rice. No freaking life. And I don't care if your broke friends are making fun of you, if your broke friends are making fun of your financial plan, that means you're right on track. It's like fat people making fun of your diet. You don't care. Yeah, I don't, I don't care. I'm trying to stay alive.


I'm trying to build a future here. And you don't have any credibility to make fun of me. So you don't get a vote in my life. I the, you know, and when you reach that kind of stuff, that's when everything changes. And so you and your wife tonight need to have a come to Jesus meeting. And the two of us say, All Right, we are not doing this anymore. Brand new life. Two children having children, no more. We're two adults now and we're gonna make adult decisions and we're gonna get after this. And adults devise a plan and follow it. Children do what feels good. And I gotta tell you, I don't care if you're 55 or you're 25, if you just do what feels good.


I work so hard, I deserve it. You don't deserve nothing. Shut up. You whiner. You deserve it when you saved up the money and paid for it. 'cause you worked your butt off, that's when you deserve it. Until then, you didn't deserve it. I wear a card like we all don't work hard. You want some cheese with that wine? Shut up. Dave just served up a charcuterie board right There. I'm serious, man. That just, and we're, I deserve. You don't deserve it. You de you deserve to get off your butt and straighten things up. That's what you deserve. That's it. I'm not yelling at you Connor. I'm yelling at everybody. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All Right. You've heard me say it a thousand times and I'm gonna keep saying it. You are worth being well. And listen, therapy can help. I see a therapist and let's be honest, a lot of you should too. But let's be real. Taking that first step to see a therapist can feel overwhelming. Maybe it's the time. Maybe you have some preconceived notions about therapy. Maybe it's the cost. But we spend money on gym memberships, organic groceries, essential oils, little league practices, tracker watches. But for some reason, when it comes to our mental and emotional wellbeing, we hesitate. Your mental and emotional health are just as important as your physical health. And the good news, BetterHelp makes therapy more affordable and convenient than ever. It's online so you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. No more waiting rooms, no long commutes and no six month waiting list. You just get online and fill out a short survey to get match with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch at any time for no extra cost, your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get started. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave RAMSEY, your host, George Campbell. RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author, co-host a Smart Money Happy Hour with our own Rachel Cruz. He's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jeff's in Kansas City. Hi Jeff, how are you? Great, Dave. How are you? Better Than I deserve sir. How can I help? Well, I am six, four years old. I have no retirement.


I work a commission job. I've built a insurance agency, passive income to some degree. And my question is this, that I'm living paycheck to paycheck right now with no retirement. What do I need to do when my stocks, which I have no control over, will start holding value. That value should come in. They're telling us when we go public somewhere at 15 to $30 a share with what I have after paying the 40% tax. I believe that is what it is. We are looking at about 600 on the low end to 1.5 on the high end that I will get when I cash those stocks in.


And when is This? The question is, what would I do my Dave, that's the problem. We, it we we're being told it could happen in a year, could happen in three years. So The insurance agency that you're a part of is gonna go public? Yeah, IMO that we, that we are part of, I own my own agency with under the IMO. The IMO is gonna go public in one to three years. They're telling us. Okay. And you don't have any control over any of that? No. Okay. And why are you, after all these years of building a book of business, why are you still living paycheck to paycheck?


That makes no sense. I had to re let go of 50% of my passive income due to health reasons. And I have an opportunity to build that back up, which I can or do I go out. Why did you have to surrender your book of business for health reasons? Because you couldn't service it. Stress, anxiety, and basically was out of the field for a while. Long story short, you have a spread with the agents underneath you and largest leg was flanking me. And once you get flanked, then you have no override.


That passive income basically goes away. When that happened, 50% of my passive income, I was making about 120,000. I'm making probably 70 to 80 now. Okay. And you're not, that's the passive side. Are you, are you actively working again? Are you able to work? Yeah, yeah. I stay in the field to some degree just to keep my licenses in. Why, why aren't you working like a maniac if you're broke? Well, I'm lazy. I mean that's the question that my son keeps presenting is do I put my time and energy? 'cause I needed to go back out. I've taken some time off, which shouldn't have.


But based on getting myself where I needed to be, emotionally, mentally, my question is, do I put it back into the agency and rebuild that? I can. There's an upside to that. Or do I just go out and get a 20 to $30 remote phone gig That would, well Where do you make the most money? I assume you make the most money in your craft. Absolutely. You should make a lot more than $20 an hour if you start making sales calls again. Absolutely. Well go make sales calls, dude. Yep. I I'm doing that on a limited basis. The bigger piece to that is what I've let go of Dave, is the building piece.


So there's two pieces to our, our business model. I understand produce. Right, which I can do with my eyes shut. Well, you need, yeah, but you need the money. You need the short term money until the thing goes public. Correct. Okay, so go work your butt off till it goes public. When it goes public, you can quit. Well, possibly my question, if You get a 600 to 1.2, I think you can invest that at 67 years old and you'll be able to quit. Well what is a good number? Do you know what that number is with life expectancy? That If you can live off of, if you can live off of 8% and you invested at 12%, that's a good number.


Okay. So if you've got a million dollars, you'd be living off 80 k if you invested in good mutual funds. And it makes an average of 12, which the market has averaged 11.8 since it began the last two years. 23 and 26 or 2024 and 23, it averaged over 25%. Now that's not normal though. But in those two years, if you'd taken off eight, your portfolio would've grown substantially. Okay. So if you take off eight, as long as it's making more than eight, the thing will run perpetually. And that's invested in good growth stock mutual funds. But I think you're sitting around whining about all this stuff in the rear view mirror and you don't feel like you want to go get it again.


And you don't really have AdChoices, you gotta go get it. You got an IRS bill, you got all this stuff stacking up around you and it all reflects back on this time that you took off and it costs you half your book of business costs, you your overrides and yeah, now you gotta go back and rebuild your short term income. All I want you to do is go make a hundred, 150 a year for the next three years while you're waiting on to put a little money in the bank, put a little money while you're waiting on the other thing to You're shipped to come in. Yeah. For god's sakes. I Wouldn't wait for this payout to get control of your money and get rid of this debt. You can't live on 60 K and pay off 70,000 of the IRS while you're waiting and you don't know when it's coming.


So you've got to go make some money and $20 an hour. That's just a, that's a false offer. You're not gonna go do that. 'cause that'd be dumb to go do that when you can go make 60 or 80 or a hundred bucks an hour out there selling. And so you're not gonna go work at Target. Shut up. Don't even make that offer. You know, go do the thing you that you don't want to do. Oh, well it goes with the choices you've made. And so that's what you gotta do, man. So you know, I've been in those same exact situations, so I'm not fussing at you, I'm coaching you. I'm your coach at halftime and we're behind and you need to go out there in the third quarter and catch us back up. And I'm saying, go hit somebody, dude.


Roll up your sleeves and get it. Suck it up buttercup. Here we go. We've Seen some incredible inspirational stories of people in their sixties who cleaned up a mess and still were able to retire with dignity. Not why he's gonna have a lot of money when the story ends here. There's a silver lining here, But, but you gotta, you gotta get to that I PO. You gotta get to that public offering and that's when you get there, you're gonna get six to 600 to 1.2. You said your share of the stock at that point. And nothing bad is gonna happen by you increasing the book of business and increasing your income in the meantime. Nothing bad happens except you're not gonna get to sit on your butt that that's the only bad thing that happens. I do appreciate the honesty of him just coming out and saying, I'm lazy, I'm lazy.


That's Really it. I don't wanna do it. But you know, you put yourself in a position where you don't have that option when you owe the KGB money. I mean the IRS money, you, you've gotta go do stuff to get the wolf away from the door. 'cause that wolf's got teeth, man. You don't want those people in your life. They'll Just go right into your bank account. They're not scared. They have the power to do whatever they want. Yeah, it's pretty rowdy. So, and yeah, they're scary people. They scare me. I'm not afraid In honor of tax day, I'm not afraid of many things, but on April the 15th, I'm afraid of the IRS. And here's what's interesting. I heard this on, I was on Fox Business this morning. The IRS has issued all these guns and they've had more accidental discharges the gun going off.


Oh wow. Accidentally than they have people, them actually ever firing the guns out. A bad guy. Oh boy. Well, it's an IRS agent with a gun. Come on. That was a bad idea. Not a highly trained individual. It's not Seal Team six, this is The Ramsey Show.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news knock box, that's N Okay. Box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy memories, not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history and one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's N ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Big news business owners, it's here. My brand new book, build a Business You Love is officially available to start reading. Now look, running a business is tough. Some days it feels like you're just duct taping the whole thing together. I get it. That's why I put 30 years of hard earned lessons into this book to help you grow faster, make smarter decisions, and stop learning everything the hard way. Don't wing it. Get your copy at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store and start reading today.


This is it the last day, to file your taxes before you get penalties and interest. If you're due a refund, it's time to ask Uncle Sam to pay up. If you owe taxes, it's your last chance to avoid getting stuck with a new IRS pen pal. If you're worried you'll owe more than you could pay today, well, don't panic. The IRS offers payment plans, but you gotta file. Not filing is criminal, not paying is not. And if you don't file because you can't pay today, that doesn't help a thing. So, file on time, even if you can't pay, there's no hidden fees. If you go with Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Smart Tax, our trusted tax software, it's extremely accurate, it's very inexpensive, and it's quick. So you can get your taxes filed by the deadline at midnight tonight. There are no hidden fees, no sneaky upcharge. You'll get everything you need to File your taxes with upfront, transparent pricing. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax. We're gonna make it easy for you, boys and girls.


Randy's in Greensboro, North Carolina. Hi Randy, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello. How are you doing today? Better than I deserve. What's up? My, my, this is more of a, a curiosity type question. I understand that real estate, the value of real estate goes up and the value of anything wheels goes down. But the question is, why is that? Why does real estate go up? Why does cars, why does mobile homes and all that stuff, why does that go down? That's more or less the, it's more of a curiosity, more of a, you know, the underlying, what's the underlying reason for that, For that?


Well, there's no magic reason for it in general. It's supply and demand. There's a shortage of real estate all the time. You've heard the saying they're not making any more land. And there's all, there's traditionally in most of the last, say a hundred years or so in America, there's been more buyers of houses than there were houses. And so anytime there's a shortage on anything that is a commodity, it causes the value, it causes the cost to go up. Even something as stupid as you remember a few years ago, beanie Babies there, there people were going after, or are you remember Cabbage Patch Kids at Christmas or something like that where there's a shortage on a toy or Xboxes, there's a, a temporary shortage, a created shortage.


'cause they just don't make enough to make them uber popular. And so there's more people to buy them than there are items in any commodity, whatever it is that there's a shortage of, the price goes up. That's the main reason. And cars, they make more of them every year. And so they spit off cars like, you know, thousands and thousands and thousands a day. Right. And so, you know, And you want the latest and greatest 'cause now there's better technology. And So, yeah, that's the second reason is it's exactly right, George, the technology on cars has changed way faster than the technology in homes. Now. Homes are much more technically savvy than they were in the 1960s for sure.


But the actual studs that go in the wall are still two by fours. And the actual roofing, it's still asphalt shingles on most people's houses, you know, and the actual siding, it's still the same brick, you know. And so there's not been a lot of change in the basic structure of a house. And cars have changed dramatically. So cars are more akin to computers than they are houses. They make eight bazillion of them new every year. And they're not, they're making computers faster than we make people. And so when you unbox a computer, it goes down in value because the next one's gonna be a lot faster, a lot more technically savvy. And there's no shortage of them.


No. I mean, everybody and his brother's got six of 'em, you know, I mean, it's like, is there a shortage of phones? Oh my God, you can get a phone, you know, the smartphone anywhere, anytime. Same thing. And so they've gone up in cost, but mainly because their technology has gone way up. But a used one doesn't go up in cost. Only the new ones. Same as with a car. So cars and computers are more akin than cars and houses in this philosophical discussion we're having on appreciation of assets. And so that's what you're looking at. The other thing is, houses can actually, if you rent them out, create an income cars hypothetically, I guess you could rent them out, but they don't last long enough to be rental property, so to speak.


And so you can rent 'em out by Uber driving, but that's a temporary thing. And you're, you know, you run the wheels off the thing. So I think that's probably the best answer is the technology shift in the short, it's mainly a commodity. Anytime you're dealing with a commodity, you're dealing with, the price is not controlled by the value that the thing creates. The price is controlled by the shortage or the scarcity or the overabundance. The glut in the market. And that's why things like gold, gold doesn't create money. The only thing that drives gold prices is a shortage.


You know, coming up with more or less gold people chasing the gold. And so when there's fear or greed, gold goes up, which It's happening right now. I see the billboards now for Gold. Yeah. When everything's real calm and everybody thinks we're prosperous, gold goes way down. Now the gold people don't talk about that, but it drops like way down. And so, but, but if it's, if everybody's afraid or everybody's greedy, they're going, oh, look at the price of gold. Oh, whoa. And they start hyping it up and call Dave RAMSEY crazy. 'cause he says, don't put money in gold. But I don't have any, I can't judge the value of gold. 'cause there is no inherent value in gold. Gold doesn't have value. It's just a gold rock.


Silver doesn't have value, diamonds don't have value, gemstones don't have value. It's, it's just a rock. The only thing that gives it value is there's more people chasing it than there is supply People willing to pay for It. Yeah. And so the other thing that comes into my mind, and it's, it's an interesting question. Thanks for letting, letting us riff on that a little bit, Randy. The other thing that comes to mind is, I remember going through appraisal class when I was getting my real estate license at 18 years old. One of the things they teach you to pass your real estate test, it's one of the questions back then was what's the definition of market value? In other words, what draws price? Right? And the definition of market value of a house, a piece of real estate in general is what a willing buyer will pay to a willing seller.


Where neither is under duress. And so if you're not, you know, if you're getting foreclosed on, you're under duress. So that's not a market value. When you buy a foreclosure, you don't establish market value. Okay? So that's a Desperate Situation. Those one of 'em is under duress. And if, if there's a shortage of housing and there's 83 offers coming in on the weekend, that's really not established. Like, you know, remember the post covid stuff when people lost their dad gum, mines on houses, right? And, but that didn't establish real market value because there was duress on the part of the buyer because we're like, oh, I've gotta up it, I've gotta up it up. It's like an auction.


It's like eBay, someone keep hitting It up. Keep holding You kept holding your paddle up. Yeah. Like an auction. And you kept getting, running the price up all weekend and you're paying, you know, considerably more than asking price. You're getting a bidding war for a house. That's, that's not market value because one of the parties is under duress. And so the definition of market value in real estate is what, and it really should be probably for anything, is what would a willing buyer give a willing seller where there is no, where neither party is under duress. And you know, I think about, like, I bought the Raptor R okay? Which is the one with the 700 horsepower monster engine in it. That's a beast. It's a beastie.


And they, they, it's a, it's a serious upgrade on the Raptor package. And they didn't make many of them Scarcity. And so the dealer price was X, but the dealers were selling them for x plus $25,000 Because of the demand For of them and how few there were, because it was like just a handful of them being made and people, and more than a handful of people wanting them. So again, a shortage of the good drove the price up. And and that's what, that's the, the car's not worth more because there's a shortage. Just the shortage drove the price up. That's all it is.


And, and so you can do that with other cars. There's been a, I mean the Corvette, when they come out with some of the specialty additions and different things, there's a ver there's not many of 'em. And so every, you know, the car guys, the gals run down there to get one. And as long as there's an abundance of the thing though, the price goes down and ultimately the price goes down on all of them that have wheels and motors. And so that's what we're looking at. That's a cool question, Randy. Interesting. Really made you think there, Dave. Yeah. Stretch your brain a little bit. Yeah. Make me scratch the back of my skull. This is The Ramsey Show.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And That's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites. And it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find So much. But Delete Me will delete your data. Hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. Get this, so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and save me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money. That's why you have to start telling your money where to go. So you can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to it is with the EveryDollar Budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses. Download EveryDollar in the App store or Google Play today.


We have a debt-free stage in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions. You're welcome to come sit in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions, watch us do this show Monday through Friday from one to four central time. There's free homemade cookies and coffee and there's usually 50 to a couple of hundred people sitting out here at this moment. There's several hundred out here because on that debt-free stage is a very special debt-free scream. One of our own from Ramsey Solutions, Rick Praw is here with his wife Helen or Helene? Helene. Helene. Thank you. I I knew that but I wanted to make sure I got it right. So, hey, welcome guys. Congratulations. I'm so proud of Y all. Hey Dave. Hey George.


Hey, thank you. Fun. Now we can't ask you what your income is 'cause all your coworkers are standing around hashtag Awkward. Yeah, yeah. But, but we will ask you everything else. How much debt have you paid off? $326,000 In nine years. In nine years. And I assume that means you people are weird and you paid off your house. We Are weird. Yes, that's right. That's the house. That Was the house. Congratulations. Well done. I'm so proud of you. Now do you want to go further in this or you want me to leave it alone? 'cause you told me some stuff the other day in the hall, if I remember. I did actually, our story started 29 years ago when a coworker introduced me to the money game on WTN. So I started listening 29 years ago this month.


Wow. And Helene and I actually came to one of the Brentwood Hotel seminars where you were there with your overhead projector. Wow. So it actually changed the trajectory of our life, which was very cool financially. But a lot of folks will say, well then why did it take you 29 years to get here? Because we are the poster children for day-ish. We knocked out the first two baby steps and then I thought I might have a better plan. And we tried to do three, four, and five all at the same time. And it was a train wreck and it didn't work until we got Then you came to work here 11 years ago, Came to work Here and once you come to work here 11 years ago, that's right. Then what happened? You keep doing ish. We got, No, we got serious.


I was a teaching FPU trying to fill out the baby step three emergency fund. So I was actually cleaning headlights on cars. I actually did George's car. Oh, That's right. For about two years. He did a great job on that thing During the summer. That's right. So In that old Chevy Cobalt That's right. Made her look real brand new. And then we just, we got serious and in addition to just a regular mortgage payment, anything that got extra profit sharing, any extra money that came in got funneled directly to extra principal payment. So Wow. So Rick is one of our product writers. He's been doing content here and helping with co ad copy and other things and writing the product scripts and so forth for 11 years.


Right. That's Right. Working with all you guys on all the books that come out. So it's a, it's been pleasure. I Don't know what I would've done without you, Rick, on breaking Free from Broke. You are a savant at what you do. We're grateful. Thank you. Some of, some of his fingerprints are on this one that came out today Building a Build a Business You Love, you Right. You got, you got involved in that. Definitely helped us with that as well. So an incredible, incredible team member. Thank you. And so we've enjoyed, it feels like you've been here longer than 11 years. I don't know. Sometimes It feels like it and then sometimes it doesn't. It's an eternity, Dave. That's Right. I don't mean that way. I mean it's just, it's, it just feels like you've been with us for part of, part of this place. You're part of this place, you're part of who we are. Yeah. So we love y'all. I'm so proud of you. Thank you. Thank you. And how's it feel to have your house paid off?


Amazing. It's, yeah. It's, it's incredible. The first month, So we paid it off exactly nine years to the day I was shooting for that seven year plan that we talk about. But then the market dip in 20 and 21 happened, and then we had to replace two vehicles in January of 23. Ooh. And so then we had to rebuild the emergency fund. So it was, it was a challenge, but life Happened. That's Right. So February was a big deal, celebrated 11 years here, paid off the house and became net worth millionaires all at the same time. So Wow. Baby steps millionaires. That's right. So we're super, That's what you were telling me at the elevator. That's, but I wasn't gonna bring that up unless you did. Yeah, That's right. So we're excited. Good for you man. So, so proud of you.


Thank you. Baby steps millionaires and content and product principal, product writer is his technical title. That's right. But's helping us with all kinds of content now for over a decade and Yeah. It's hard to write about this stuff and not go do it. Exactly. Yes. Yep. We've, we just finished another FPU class three weeks ago. I think I've taught 1415 now that we've been here. Wow. And That's good accountability over the years. Well, to keep you on the plane, I've discovered. Yeah. And Helene has discovered that, that that helps us stick to the budget when I'm actually teaching the class. The months that we're not teaching the class, I tend to get a little sideways, A little lackadaisical. That's Right. So not Helene, but you Yeah, no, Helene Helene's the one that tries to keeps me back on there, so.


Right. I Love it. Well, I gotta ask Rick, I know your, your personal life and your heart for generosity and missions, was that a why in this? Were there other why's as to why you guys did this? I think for us was just the idea of, as we've talked about here, just not owing anybody anything. And that, you know, the money that I'm earning now is, is all ours. So we took that first month's paycheck, paid off the balance of a cruise that we're doing in July. Ooh. So we're, we're trying to to use that. But yes, the international mission trip is a big part of that, so I love it. Yeah. You're in your live like no one else, Sarah now. Exactly. And he taught FPU in Greece, that's on our international missions.


Wow. Oh Wow. We had several team members here join us a couple years ago on a trip to Athens and we actually got to teach financial principles to Ukrainian refugees and Syrian refugees. Wow. So, yeah. Very cool. So you're a good man. Well, thanks. So we're honored to have you on the team and I'm so proud that this stuff has worked to change your old's. Complete family tree, baby steps, millionaire's house and everything paid for. Right. And you brought the grandkids, Helene watches three of the grandkids every day and the two girls have been practicing with us, so they are Oh wow. Ready To go. Right. Well let's get 'em up here. I wanna hear some grandkid that Right. This is a family tree that's been changed in so many ways. Oh, they're so, they are adorable. You gotta be watching on YouTube or Spotify video right now.


It is too precious. How Cute Are you? So what, what are the names and ages? This Is Malin. She's four and this is Ellison. She's three. All Right. And we've got Lincoln who's one over here, so Yeah. Okay. So Lincoln's gonna stay off to the side. That'll work. Good stuff. Just the innocent bystander. Yeah. And both of our children are debt. Well they have mortgage, but other than that they're debt Free. So they're working, they working on it. Awesome. So you have changed your family tree? Yep. Yeah, That was, I don't know if you remember 11 years ago when I started, Dave, I started in January in February. And both of my kids got married later that year, six months later. And So we started off with two kids getting married and going through FPU that first year.


So, Sounds expensive. Yeah, No, since I had not had a job before that. Wow. My daughter's budget was $5,000, so she did great. So That's incredible. Love it. That's right. Well congratulations y'all. We love you. We're so proud of you. And the RAMSEY team is out here gathered around 'cause they love you as well and proud of you too. So you, you set a good, a pretty high bar for the rest of the bunch. Oh yeah. We love seeing our team members. Hit baby. Step seven. We celebrated big around Here. I love seeing our team members be millionaires. That's pretty stink and cool right there, man. That's right. That's awesome. So cool stuff. All Right, Rick and Hela from Lebanon, Tennessee RAMSEY team member for 11 years house and everything paid off.


$326,000 in the last nine years. And that makes some baby steps millionaires among other things. Great job you guys. Thank you. We count it down. Girls, are you ready? Ready. Three. 1, 2, 3. We're debt free. Free. Yay. Yay. That's how it's done. I love it. We don't get many cuteness in the grandkids. Oh Yeah. That's a, that's a new, that's good. I like cute. This Might have been a first for me. Yeah, bring, see the grandkids in there. Bring Cute grandkids. That's good. I like that. And yeah, that's great, man. How fun. That I like seeing good people win. It's A well, and I gotta tell you a, as the owner of this place, to have people on our team being able to become wealthy because while they work here doing the stuff that we teach, it makes me, it makes me weepy, man.


I love it. Yeah. When they, I mean, believing in the mission, still teaching FPU 14, 15 times over now. I mean, Man, this guy's, he, he's hardcore man. That's Rare. I love it. That's rare error. We're breathing over here. Yeah. When he writes something, we don't have to worry about what was written. We know exactly what was written and 'cause it's right online with all the things you teach, I teach and the personalities are just the mouthpieces of it out here. And it's guys like that, that make this place work. Team behind the scenes. Yeah. Very, very cool stuff. Good job you guys. You're heroes man. We're so proud of you. Proud to have you here. Proud to have you on the stage and proud to look at those cute kids. They're really cute. I know. I mean, Rick's a good looking guy, but goodness gracious. The kids Did really well. There's no, there's no explanation in him looking at the None whatsoever.


None. I Love it. That's a Oh, fun, fun guys. Huh? This is The Ramsey Show.


Real change in your money and relationships is possible. You can break the cycles that have kept you from moving forward. You can build a better future for yourself. And it starts here. Hang out with Dr. John Delony and I live in a city near you for the money and relationships tour. Starting next week, we'll be in Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. Time is running out, so grab your tickets while you can at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Dave RAMSEY, your host George Kamel. RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Troy is in Tampa, Florida. Hey Troy, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, good afternoon Dave. Hey George. Hey, quick question about retirement. 56 years old, currently working baby. Step two only have about 70, 80,000 in our retirement fund. And wondering if we should at least contribute up to the employee match before we get to the end of baby steps, which is baby step two, which will be in about two and a half years.


What do you owe on your consumer debt? That's gonna take two and a half years? About 70,000 on What Personal loans stemming from. We had some repairs from Hurricane Ian that insurance didn't cover. We just had those put in place. I have a student loan that we're wrapping up and a car payment. What's your car worth? About 18,000. Okay. And what do you owe on it?


18,000. Okay. And so you have again, how much in total debt? About 70,000. Okay. We've already paid off about 12,000. Good. And what's your household income? 110. Okay. All Right. And you said you're how old? One more time. 56. Okay. You don't need to panic, you just need to do this and it shouldn't take you two and a half years. If it's gonna take you two and a half years, you need to sell the car. I, I would pick up extra income somewhere and I would look at what I can sell and get this cleared off and I'm gonna live on nothing. Beans and rice, rice and beans. No. Eating out, no vacations, no nothing.


You've got to get busy 'cause you've gotta clear this so that you can lean in hard on the 15% because if you start at 58 and you go to 68 with 15% of your income, you're gonna be okay. Okay. And, and in the meantime, get your house paid off too during that same decade. So you go into your early seventies still investing in with a paid for house. Your, your math is gonna be fine. You're not gonna be eating dog food. I mean, you're gonna be, you're not gonna be a multimillionaire, but you can make it with this. And the fastest way mathematically to make it is to not screw around with this debt is to pour everything on it, not change the baby steps.


Sure. It gets you there faster and, and the power of focus and the little bit of fear or desperation that makes you say, I want to change the steps. I would use that as my motivation to even sacrifice deeper and work more. Okay. Yeah, Let's just, I understand. Yeah, let's just clear this stuff and if you're gonna keep the car, you're gonna have to work like a maniac 'cause you need to be done in about 18 months here. Do you guys have anything in savings? Just the emergency fund and how much? We have a thousand dollars for that. Oh, okay. And then I escrow my own home.


Homeowner's insurance and taxes. Yeah, You gotta pay that. So That's all it. Yeah. It's labeled, it's it's set aside. So yeah. Okay. I I I think we're, we're budgeting right? We're doing the right things, you know, it's just that little fear factor. You know, do I wanna, I don't wanna leave any money on the table, but yet again, I want to get rid of this debt. Yeah. I that's a, it's a fair question. And, and, and I don't hear in the way you're asking the question any dysfunction. I think it's just an intellectual exercise and said, okay, I I'm on, I'm game on. What's the best way to play the game at this way? And that, that's a fair question, but I still think the best way to play. It's just straight through. What do You think? Yeah. Well, part of what got us here, Troy is doing too many things at once and not really focusing on anything.


And my worry is you keep doing that for the next five to 10 years instead of just getting aggressive. Like Dave mentioned, and I crunched the numbers for you here with our investment calculator, if you waited until 58 and you started dumping that 15% of that $110,000 income, you'd have a million bucks. But you're gonna have to work into your early Seventies. That's what no match and no raises. That's Nothing. No match, no raise. You just keep that. So you did make a million dollars And so you will have a million, but you'll have to work until You're I was wrong. I said you weren't gonna make It. He'll have to work till 73, which is not ideal, but for a late start to still have a million bucks, that's a pretty good life. Oh, you said 73? I said 68. That's where I said, yeah, he's gonna have to work a little longer to hit that. That's not like a magic number that allows you to retire or not, but just a good ballpark to go.


Okay. Well The thing is, with match and with raises, he might get there by 68. I might be wrong. Yeah, I didn't think of that. And Get the house paid off and start dumping even more on there. Yeah, it's definitely possible. But yeah, But the goal is to be a, you know, have a good size nest egg, no debt, including the house. And that's your, that's, that's when you can afford to look up and to quit looking over your shoulder, you know, and the fastest way to get there is to work the baby steps. But baby, step two, man, it's just unbelievable intensity. Unbelievable sacrifice. And truthfully, that getting completely strange and weird is a lot easier at 26 than it is if 56. I mean, it's just, it, it, I I'm 64.


If I, if I had to do that right this second, it would be very, very unpleasant If Dave was out here delivering pizzas. It'd be a very unpleasant, I don't want him shown up my door. That's all I'm saying. Hey, hey, hey. Yes, you, that would great. I would actually love that. We should do that like an undercover, because You're a good tipper. That's true. I would tip, if I saw Dave at my door, you better believe I'd be tipping. Well, I'd give him a copy of Total Money Makeover as well. If I show up as your Uber driver with some strange sunglasses. Can we do that as a, can we do that, Dave? As a gag, like an undercover boss situation? It was A gag. Yeah. I'll get one undercover baby step tour. I want to get one of those visor hats that has hair sticking out of it. You know, those hats? That would be a great undercover boss.


Oh man. You know that, that's my, that's my disguise. That would actually be great. My alter ego, Bubba, If I see Dave with hair, I go Bubba RAMSEY is gonna show up here. That ain't Dave. That might be his brother. Oh my goodness. Ev he's my brother. All Right. Anyway, Sasha's in Manchester, New Hampshire, save us from ourselves. Sasha. Yes. I'm, How can we help? How are you doing today, Dave? Better than I deserve. How are you? That's what I was waiting for. I'm a big fan of the show and I need your help. Okay. I watch her every day. I've been doing it for like two or three months. Okay, thank you. So here's the deal. Oh yeah, you're very welcome. I actually am trying to go by your seven baby steps and I have a little bit of a unique situation.


I am, I am a 43-year-old woman out of Manchester, New Hampshire, who lost her husband January 1st, 2024. I'm sorry. I'm a widow. Thank you. And I'm trying to figure out the seven baby steps. And my problem is my husband took out three different credit cards. One for credit, one one's for Capital One and one's for forti, which is Discount Furniture. Did they have your name on them? Yeah, they all do. Both our names are on them. He was trying to increase my credit so I could get job.


Okay. Before, before I run outta time, ask me a question right quick. Yeah. I have $2,914 and 9 cents in debt between all three credit cards. And two of them I know are in collections and written off. Do I still have to pay them? Yes, they have to be paid. Or if they're written off, you can settle with them for over them a lower amount. If you do that, two things, get it in writing before you give them any money, and do not give them electronic access to your checking account. So you cut them a, you send them a money order, you send them a wire, you give 'em a prepaid debit card, something like that.


And you get it in writing. And so let's say one of 'em is $1,500 and you have a, it's in, it's been written off then, then you gotta do that. So you know, the, you know, you, you settle it, you gotta get that done. And so you settle it for pennies on the dollar. If it's 1500 bucks, you need to, you know, offer them 500 bucks settlement in full. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Okay.


All Right. Yeah, so anyway, get it in writing. No electronic access to your checking account under any circumstances. Thank you for calling Darling. I hope that helps you Call every customer you have.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free, and I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck, but if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay. I I, I got nowhere to go, so you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.