
From The, Ramsey. Network, it's The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is George Kamel and we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. And that's what we're gonna do this hour. We're taking your calls live. If you wanna call in, the number is Triple. eight eight two five five two two five. And we'll get you on. Alright George, let's get into this. You ready? I'm so ready. I'm very caffeinated. I will warn you. Alright, I believe you straight to the phone lines where we've got Greg, who's in Nashville, Tennessee. What's going on, Greg? Hey, I'm kind of in a pickle right now, so I've got a baby on the way and woo. I'm about 113,000 in debt and woo, I'm kind of stuck right now.


And, I. I kind of need your, your expertise. When's the baby get here? It'll be this December. Oh wow, okay. Right around the, just around the river Bay. I assume this is your first, That's correct. Yeah. Okay. The fear in your voice tells me you're like, oh, oh boy. Okay, so you have a hundred, but yeah, 113,000 in debt. What is your household income? So the, I owe 30, about 39,000 left on the house. It's a five bedroom, three bath house. The truck I owe 35,000 left on it. Mm. The razor I owe 24,000.


What's A Razor And? I owe about 10. It's a stop side. Oh, okay. Well my next question was gonna be what's a side by side? But you guys seem to know, so let's keep rolling. It's one of these, you know, little, you know, little four wheeler, little kind of, oh, recreational vehicles. Mm. Okay, keep going. And what else? And then just 10,000 and just personal loans. But when I, I was thinking about taking all the truck, the razor and the personal loans, combining them together and just pulling out from the house to pay all of them off that owned the truck and Let's run it back. I didn't know. Wait, Greg. Wait, Greg. Okay. don don't know what kind of Greg math you're trying to pull here, but there's a different way to do this.


Why not just sell the razor, sell the truck. Yeah. Is it worth more than 35? Well, how, but I, I don't, I would have to take, well, how do I, how would I be able to sell the truck if I don't have the title to it though? Why don't you have the ti Well, The finance company. Yeah. Well, Well, yeah. Well, once you sell it, you can do this all in one, one swoop. You go to the bank that holds the, the title, the lender, and you get the transaction done there. They write the check, you immediately pay off the loan. They get the title. Do you know what the truck is worth, Greg? If you were To sell it? I'm not, I don't know. It's like a 2014 F three 50 Super duty layer.


It's a work truck. It's a, it's probably probably around the same. That's a real nice work truck. When I hear a work truck, I think this thing can be a piece of crap as long as it gets the job done. You're driving a pavement princess. Yeah, I guess so. That thing's that, that's a sweet truck. So here's the deal. You got homework to do. Find out how much the truck is worth. Do you have anything in savings right now? I've got, I've probably got about about 6,000 maybe in savings. Perfect. 5,000 in savings. So if you were underwater slightly, let's say, you know, the truck's worth 31. You owe 35, you have the money to cover the difference. Okay. What's the payment on the truck?


So they've got me at 19% on, What's the payment on the truck, Greg? $666. Okay. And They did, they didn't get you, you signed the dotted line knowing full well it was a 19% interest rate. Yeah. Let's talk about the razor. Do you have any idea what that might be worth if you were to sell it? Definitely probably going to get a hit on it. And I bought it right before I found out that we were having one. So, okay. It was, it was 20 when I bought it, like 23. But it's, it's a, it's a 2023, so it's, I'm probably gonna take a hit on it. It's a four seater.


Well, let's Do the thousand. Let's do the homework on that too. Like George said, find out about the truck. The truck. I'm pretty sure you're gonna sell regardless, even if you're upside down. Okay. That you gotta get outta that truck. Same thing with the razor. Here's the thing though. I, I wanna run back the, the whole scenario scenario here. The 113,000, let's not include the house in that for now. don don't know if you were working hard to pay that off before, but for right now, put a pin in that because that's further along the lines. Further down the baby steps. So, we don't need to even worry about that. The good news, And, I want you to hear this. The good news is the majority of the debt that you have, it's as simple as you selling it off. And that is a blessing in your situation.


And then all you have to do is come back in and worry about this $10,000 personal loan. Here's the deal. You've got a baby coming. And typically when we talk about baby step two and babies coming, we say, Hey, put a pause on and let's get the baby here. Let's get stack up as much money as you can. Let the baby come, let everybody be healthy. And then when you feel like kind of that storm is over, then you can push play on everything that George And I just said. But right now you've got $6,000 saved right now. I want you to stack up as much money as you can get your hands on. When, by the time, you know, January 30th comes, you're probably gonna be ready to push play on this plan here to get rid of the truck, get rid of the razor. And to George's point, if you look it up and you find out that you're upside down, you're, and it's more than the money you have saved, then you're marching down to the credit union and you're getting a loan for the difference.


And that way you have all the money that you need to give the bank for this, you know, for this vehicle. And so that's how that works. So Don't, so don't take out for the house at all to pay them off? No, no. And then Don't, don't dip into your equity at all. That's not doing anything. You're just moving debt around at that point. Are you able to make the payments every month or are you behind? No, I I, I'm, I've never been late to any payments. So. Good. What's your household income In total? Because I work three jobs. I can pull in probably about a hundred, probably about a hundred thousand. Wonderful. A year. And is, is your wife working currently?


She she is. She she does work. She, she probably pulls in, I I would say about maybe 35,000 or so a year. 35, 40. Tell Us per month, what do your checks look like every month when you bring 'em in, In total I can pull in about 6,000 and her. I would say probably about about 3000 or Okay, good. 25. Are you investing at all right now? I was gonna make the house a rental house at first. No, ma, are you investing into like a 401k or anything like that? No. No. I don't have any of that set up. Okay. Do you Wanna know what I think happened, Greg?


I think that you guys are doing all right. How old are you? I'm 23. Yeah, I think that you guys are doing all right for 23. You're making over a hundred thousand dollars a year and you're like, ding ding, I can drive the truck that I want. I can get this little side by side that I want. And you kind of got caught up in the fact that you're actually financially like the income you're bringing in, you're doing really, really well. It's just you didn't know better than to make these decisions. But now you do know better. You see that they're a drain on all that money that you're working so hard to pull in. And I hope. I hope that you see, you know, I hope this drills in the lesson from here on forward. We don't go into debt for the things we want. If we want it, we save up, we pay cash for it.


'cause it's not worth all this is it? No, no. Not at all. It's stressful. I know. Having a baby, you're supposed to feel happy and have stars in your eyes and instead you're feeling the stress of a payment of a side by side. So lesson learned. Yeah. Yeah. But that baby's gonna be worth all of the sacrifice when you bring it into a house with no debt. With a great financial future. We're, we're looking out for you. We want to give you a little gift. It's gonna be EveryDollar premium, it's gonna help you along this journey. Make a plan for all of your income, every single dollar. So hang on the line, we'll gift that to you as you have the baby on the way. Hmm. Congratulations guys. This is The Ramsey Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website. Churchill Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


This is The Ramsey Show on The. Ramsey Network. I'm Jade Warshaw. Joined by George Kamel bestselling author George. Way to go. Thank you. Okay, you're welcome. You know I like to give props where props are due.


Hey, selling a house, the Ramsey way makes home ownership a blessing instead of a burden. I can attest to that. The Ramsey trusted program is the only way that you're gonna find an agent that you trust that's gonna keep you on track With what we teach here at Ramsey, you can get the best offer on your house or find the right house for you. And here's the thing, this is how this whole thing works. If you're wondering, Jade, why, why do I need to do this? The point is, there's a lot of teachings here and if you've been listening to us for a long time or a little while, if you're interested in the way we teach things, you want your real estate agent to understand that otherwise they'll be leading you off track. So you want a Ramsey trusted pro. What happens is we're gonna send you some of the top agents that are in your area. These are people that we trust, but you get to review them, you get to interview them and you get to decide which one ultimately that you wanna work with. So you still have all the power here. Ramsey trusted agents, they have years and years of experience. They're going to help you make wise decisions. And I told you before, I can attest to that. I have a Ramsey trusted agent. She's great. Mandy Festi, she helped us buy our house and she helped us do it the Ramsey way. That's what this is all about. So when it comes to pricing, marketing your house or choosing the right offer, you need a Ramsey trusted real estate agent. Did I mention guys that it is for free, it's a free service. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Love it. Let's go straight to the phone lines. Jacob is in Detroit, Michigan. how are you doing Jacob? I'm doing good yourself? I'm great. How can we help? So I'm been thinking about financing a Rolex. I'm 20, I'm employed working full-time, job plus overtime. I'm basically, I'm single. So like I'm debating on doing it. Interesting. Why wouldn't you just pay for it? Why would you put on payments? I just don't wanna like put myself in a bad spot overall. I have a car that I pay for as well. And apartment I pay for monthly as well. Do you have a car payment you're saying? Yep. So you wanna add another payment 'cause that's gonna help you win financially.


Yeah, financially and kind of help like boost my credit. So the guy, I don't know if you heard this, the, the last hour a guy called in, he was, his name was Greg and he was really about to come unglued because he felt like he was doing well in life. He was a young cat just like you. And he started with one purchase and then he went to another purchase and before he knew it he had over a hundred thousand dollars in debt and he was calling us ready to tear his hair out. And so what you're about to embark on feels like the beginning of that same series of events. You hear what I'm saying? Yeah, I Go Ahead George. I'm just wondering what, what caused you to go, I need a $7,000 watch that I can't afford.


Did was it friends? Was it you see Instagram or do you follow like you just into watches? Yeah, I've been to watches. Mm. Okay. What's the most expensive watch you own right now? Probably my newest Apple Watch. Okay. Same here bro. Same here. That's the most expensive watch I'm willing to pay for right now. How much is this Rolex? I was looking at one that's roughly around $8,900. Okay. 8,900. Here's the deal. You are not in a place financially to buy this watch. Even if you had the money, I would tell you not to do this because you have other debt. I assume you have financial goals in life. Do you want to own a home one day?


Yes. Okay. I would rather see that as a priority versus the flex of a Rolex. Are you trying to impress someone? No, not really. I just would like to own it for myself. It's my goal one day, like my dream to own one. So, well, Here's the thing, I, I love that goal. I love that there's something that you're into, you like watches, there's certain things that I really like Jade's Into Sneakers. I'm into sneakers. But there is part of this, I don don't know if you've heard it before, but we say it all the time. We say you live like no one else. So later you can live like no one else. And the first live like, like no one else is all about doing the things in order to set yourself up financially. So in your case it would be paying off this car debt and deciding, hey, I'm not gonna go into debt again.


And then from there it's making all those choices so that at some point it might be when you're 25 you can turn around and buy this Rolex watch in cash. How much money are you making at this point? I would Say like 40,000 a year. Say it again. 40,000 a year I would Say. Okay. 40,000 a year. You're just getting started. And I think that that's the thing that I want you to take away from this call. You're just getting started. The truth is, like George said, you don't make enough to buy this watch. You really don't And I. It's too Much of your world right now while you're carrying debt. Speak directly in your phone Jacob. I wanna make sure that we can, we can hear you clearly. I Wanna know how much total debt you have right now. I would say like 17. Okay. Of my card.


It's a brand new car. Okay. I mean to do this I, I just looked at the, I just looked at the numbers. With tax, you're gonna be spending 25% of your yearly income. You make $40,000 a year. This thing's gonna cost you 10,000 when it's all said and done. That doesn't make any sense, does it? No, not really. That's all. As long as you understand that going from this call, I've done my job. The goal Jacob for, you know, when I was 20, I get it. I wanted just nice stuff. I thought I deserved it. 'cause I did all the things that, you know, my parents told me to do and society told me to do And. I went, all right, I'm an adult now. I got a real bonafide job, I'm gonna get me some stuff. The problem is when you make decisions like this where you finance things, the stuff has you.


Mm. And so you gotta decide, do I wanna look wealthy or do I want to be wealthy? And eventually life catches up where you just want to actually be wealthy and have freedom and margin and options. And when you wanna look wealthy you tend to just finance your life away until you have $1,200 in payments, 1500 bucks in payments on crap going down in value. True. And so if you can learn this lesson now, Jacob, you're gonna be so wealthy you can have multiple Rolexes one day, but that day has not come. We gotta get our financial priorities in order and that's getting outta debt. We need an emergency fund with three to Six months expenses. We need a down payment that's gonna set you up for success. Yeah. Isn't it funny, George, the things that I wanted to buy when I was in debt, when I was around his age, 20, 21, 22, 23, the things that I thought, oh God, I gotta have that.


You know, it's clothes and it's the newest thing. It's the newest Apple watch, the newest iPhone, the newest whatever at this stage in my life. It's so funny. Now that I'm out of debt, I can actually afford many of the things that I wanna get. You don't buy it, I just don't care. It's like, it just evaporates. This Is the superpower, Jacob. If you can stop caring what other people think you will win financially, that is the greatest superpower to just stop the comparisons. And I know you're saying this is for me, I want it for me. But guess what? The watch isn't just gonna sit, it's gonna be on your wrist while you're out and everyone's go, oh bro, you're doing well for yourself. This is Very simple, Simple. They don't know that you got bills to pay, you have a car payment, a watch payment, adding stress to your life. And we found that debt does not, is not a blessing in anyone's life.


And it's not worth it to finance a car, a watch, a four by four razor, a Polaris, whatever it is, it's just not worth it. Yeah, it's interesting, again, going back to that live like no one else. So later you can live like no one else. I think sometimes, and it can be, I'm not saying it can't be this, but sometimes people walk the steps, the baby steps and it's like when I'm done with the baby steps, I'll be able to buy the Rolex and I'll be able to buy like all these big major things. And I'm not saying you can't, 'cause like you said, I like sneakers and sneakers can be expensive, but do you Wanna know George the things that I love the most? Guessing it's not sneakers. It's Not sneakers. I love going to the grocery store and buying expensive like a juice that's kind of like ridiculously expensive.


I, that's my thing. I wanna load up And. I don't even have to think about it. Whereas before I would've been like, I'm never gonna pay 4 99 for that juice. And I'm like, gimme the 4 99 juice. Oh yeah, gimme three of 'em. You ever See people gimme eight of 'em like at Costco and the cart is like overflowing And. I'm like dang, they're doing well. Yeah, that's my new like you're doing. Well yes. If you can fill up a card at Costco, Fill up a card at Costco, you feel, you give zero about it, you go have a hot dog and it's, it's that on that. Yeah. But when you're young I get it. Like nice stuff is more important to you And as you get older it becomes less and less important because number one, you find better, you put better people around you who don't care about that stuff. But I think it's, and you start to have priorities. You've got responsibilities and yeah. You know, things matter less and you want more experiences and meaning and you know, I think it's too, you come outta your parents' house, right?


You, it's like at that age you're coming outta college, coming outta your parents' house and you see all the things that they have and for you that equals success. Like I know I felt that it's like, okay, they have a house, they have two decent cars, they, you know, seemingly they have a a house full of furniture. That's nice. You know? And it's like when you strike out on your own, you're trying to get that so fast you to That. Yeah. It took him 25 years to get there or 35 years to get there. Heck yeah. And you go, well I wanna shortcut that. Yeah. There are no shortcuts to wealth I have that or meaning or happiness or joy including the Rolex. And I'm not mad at Rolex. It's a beautiful watch. And I. Hope Jacob gets one one day. But I hope he does it with cash after he's accomplished more important financial goals. That's true.


That is so true. Yes, that's right. It's all about temporary sacrifice, short term sacrifice for a long term gain. That's what we're teaching here. This is The. Ramsey Show


These Days. It's not if your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xander Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt. Then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more. Call 803 5 6 42 82.


This is The Ramsey Show, I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is George Kamel. Hey, if you enjoy this show, we're so glad that you're here. First off, we're so glad that you are listeners. Technically y'all are the reason that me and George even have employment here. So there you have it. 'cause if it wasn't for you, it's a good point. There'd be no show George. It's all about the people. It's very bleak when you look at it that way, isn't it? Yeah, It's kind of scary. So thank you all for listening and calling in. We need you Keep listening and hey, while you're listening, do us a favor and share the show. If you can share it with the people that are in your life, you can do that on whatever platform you're on. You could email a show or you could text a show that's your favorite. Fax It, I don't care. Fax. Wow, that's different.


Old is cool, But whatever platform you're on, do be sure to like and subscribe. All of that really helps us. And for you it takes almost zero time and it's absolutely free. And by doing that you can help the show that you love so much and we would be very, very grateful to you for doing so. So again, like share the show, subscribe on whatever platform and we would really, really appreciate it. Thank you so much. We'll spare The, the telethon if you do it this way. Yes. Remember those old PBS telethons? Oh Yeah. How could I forget That seems maybe we should try one day. don don't know. I'm open, I'm open to it. No, I don't wanna do that. They had all the phones That they could answer saying thank you. Alright. Yeah. No, no telephone. Okay, let's go to Jack. He's in Boise, Idaho. What's going on Jack? Hi Jade. Hi George.


Thank you for having me today. You Bet. How can we help? So about a year ago, my wife And I finished the baby steps, paid off everything. Nice. Awesome. I'm 60. She's 60 as well. We have, we're worth about six and a half million dollars. Woo. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. We, we, we are crazy blessed. And then 5 million of that is in paid for income producing real estate. We make about $200,000 a year net as for everything Nice. Here's just from real estate. So Yeah. And we both work some we, yeah. So money's not an issue except kind of in our relationship while we were paying this off, I, we gave each each of ourselves a $50 a month budget.


You know, spending money just for fun stuff, going out, coffee, whatever. Very tight. Now that it is done, I've got her to loosen that up on my side to a hundred dollars a month. Oh Whoa. Wait a minute, Jack. I feel this is very tight. Like no one can breathe in this budget. Your budget's got skinny jeans on it, man, You, you get coffee like twice maybe out beat with a friend on Jack, Jack, Jack. Why are you not loosening these purse strings? Looser. So. I. Because I'm getting tremendous pushback. Like tremendous pushback. And like my wife still thinks that I'm overspending at a hundred bucks. She's like, don, don't know why you aren't happy with 50.


And how do we get past this? No one, how do we get from the first no one else to the So. we can live like the second No. And we Travel together. That, that is a big shift to make. I think I saw her episode of Extreme Cheap Skates. I think she was on that show. Is she that person who just super frugal and this is how we got here. And I like it this way. She is. And like now we're, we're And I and we're banking money for no reason. Yeah. And what are you doing with all the extra money? 'cause you're spending none of it. It just, we're we're just investing it. It's just going into for What and For who Money markets temporarily. And then that's my question. I don't know. You Gotta give this guy money a goal. Let's spend some money.


Do You take any trips or is this just daily spending? Doesnt like to do A lot. We travel, we travel a lot. We do a lot of stuff together. But it's, it's kinda like it, it's my personal, it's that personal. It's like, Hey, I wanna go out for coffee. I wanna go out and grab a bite with friends. It's that kind of stuff. Wow. You Know, it's the, it's the singular stuff. If you could have it your way, what would that line item be on the budget for? For Jack? Oh, I, I mean it really four, 500 bucks. I mean it's not, I'm not looking for thousands. I'm just looking for, So you said to your wife today, I wanna spend $500 a month for fun stuff. What would she say? She would look at me like she, she couldn't imagine why Now?


Okay. I think So I think this is the conversation that needs to be had. Because what I wanna first call out is, I think there's a, it is very normal for there to be things that, I mean my husband is sitting out in the audience, there's saying things that Sam would spend money on that I'm like, help me understand why you would ever even be interested to spend even a quarter on that. And then there's things that I would buy that he could never understand why I would spend money on that. So at the end of the day, this is about you guys' interests and being able to value each other's interests. And so she's saying, Hey, $400, like that's a lot of Turkey sandwiches. How many lunches are you going to? But you clearly are a very relational person. You like going out, you like seeing people, you like to do things over food or lunch or whatever.


And that's just who you are. And. I don't think that, it's not to say that she has to go out and spend that money, but I think having that conversation and saying, Hey, we've worked very hard. This is a very small percentage of our world. I've heard Dave talk about ratios a lot and really kind of looking at it big picture and saying, Hey, here's the percentage that we're saving. Here's the percentage that we're giving. We need to be really intentional also on the, on the percentage that we are enjoying and spending for ourselves. And So I think that's the way the conversation has to start to evolve. And if, if you wanna do anything else, you can player this clip and say, Hey, these two, you know, people on the radio agree with me.


These two Yahoo. Yeah. Well there's two things here. I see Jack, number one, you have to get to the root of what's actually causing this. You know, this kind of frustration she has. Is it just, I don't understand why you'd spend that? Or is it truly a fear of scarcity, of working on a run outta money if you keep spending like you're in Congress? I think, I think it's a fear thing. And I. I'm always like, you realize I'm like a sorry the a hundred dollars a month. I'm like, you know, do you have many months? I could spend a hundred dollars a month and never go through any real amount of money. Do you many, I mean we could go a thousand years at a hundred dollars a month. And, I. Don't know the math wouldn't would even impress her if you went, Hey listen, we're never gonna run outta money.


I've tried that 'cause that's my bent. It's like, well let's just do the math. That's why I think this is a real, this is, there's some like trauma here. Yeah. Maybe from childhood, the way she grew up. We didn't have money growing up and now we have some and if we spend it, we're gonna go back to how that was So. I. I mean this might need a third party. You might, she might, you know, benefit from going to counseling or therapy and connecting with our friends at to go, I wanna get to the root of this 'cause I don't wanna live like this. I wanna enjoy life and be more open-handed. And the other thing Jack, I would recommend is as you guys sit down and do the budget force yourselves to spend more, to save more and to give more. How's She feel about giving? So, so we give a lot.


Okay. Way over. Way over 10%. Yeah. Okay, good. We give usually about 20, 20%, maybe a little bit more. And why is she comfortable with that? Well she's not, I make her do it. So. Okay, Interesting. So all she wants to do is save She can't I? Correct? Well, yes. Yeah. Pretty much even travel. She, she likes travel. She likes to travel. And why is she okay with travel but not coffee? don Don't know. That's and that's where I'm going. Is it because it's us versus me? I don't, I I am not sure. I I It's just, I think it's where she places her value. It sounds like it's, she Values experiences. This is, this is worth it. Not stuff and things and food. Yeah. This is worth it. That's not worth it.


And So I think it's really just, hey, we both have to be, we've both really worked hard. We both have to feel the reward of this And I love that you feel the reward of traveling. And I love traveling with you. But I really feel the reward in day-to-day life. I just like being able to go and pick up lunch, play golf with my buddies and it's no big deal. And I'd love for it to reflect for both of those things to be reflected on the budget. Right now, the traveling is reflected. That's great. I would love for let's just try it. Let's give it a trial period. And I think you'll see it doesn't really affect our life much. And so that's probably the, that's the way I'd frame it up. George, what would you say? I would agree on a ratio. Right now if he spent 500 bucks a month, that's six grand out of their 200,000 that's just coming from the real estate.


That's 3%. So if they disagreed, Hey, we're gonna agree to 3% of whatever our yearly income is. Yeah. Which is a tiny, it's not gonna make a dent in our income. Yeah. It's not gonna make a dent in our investments. Would you be okay with 3%? I love that. And you know, a, a really great way to see that is on EveryDollar. When you open up EveryDollar, there's all the line items there, but they're divided by category. And so most of, most of us have like a a a house category. And it's like in that category is your renter, your mortgage, your utilities, everything that has to do with the house. But then you might have a category that says like leisure or fun. And it might have things like saving for a trip or going to the movies or you know, anything that you consider fun. And what's really great is EveryDollar splits it out and it will show you the percentage that you're spending.


So if you ever have questions about, oh my gosh, am I spending too much on food or am I spending too much on childcare? You can go over to the right side of the screen and you'll be able see the percentage. And a lot of times it'll either put you at peace or you'll go, holy moly, I need to make some changes. Well They got a flat tire 'cause they're saving 90% of their income. Yeah. But very, you know, not as much giving. Not as much spending. I think we need to loosen up to be more Well-rounded. Yes. Mrs. Jack, I don't know your name, but it's time to loosen the purse strings live a little This is The Ramsey Show.


Don't rely on politicians or the healthcare system to do what you can do for yourself. We teach personal responsibility on The Ramsey Show. And that's why I'm excited to tell you how you can take your family's health into your own hands. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company, I got mine. And I can tell you this is not some rinky-dink first aid kit with band-aids. It comes with real prescriptions prepared by leading doctors to treat over 30 common illnesses. This kit can treat infections like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and bronchitis because you have the prescriptions on hand like a Z-Pak, amoxicillin or Ivermectin. And if you start your meds faster, you get well faster. The kit gives you peace of mind. No doctor visits, no pharmacy lines, no copays. Wellness company medical emergency kits help put you in control of your family's health. So go to urgent care kit.com/ramsey, answer a few online questions and get your kit rushed to your door. Use the promo code Ramsey for a 15% discount at checkout. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Promo code Ramsey


This is The Ramsey Show on The. Ramsey Network. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is George Kamel. And George, I just need you to do one thing. Hit Me Talk. Nerdy to Me. Okay. The, if you don't know what the heck Jade is talking about, we have done a long running segment now. We've done at least two of them, which makes it long running where we talk nerdy to you, we, we explain what could be a complex financial topic and we just hit you straight with exactly what you need to know to simplify it so that you can, you know, have a little financial prowess Okay. At your next dinner party and kind of drop some, some stats on 'em. Okay. So here's, here's the one for today. It's compound interest. Ooh. This is something we all like. We hear about it, we kind of understand it.


Yeah. But then I'll post on Facebook and I'll be like, Hey, if you invest this much a month from age this to this, you'll have $3 million. And they go, what? How is that? You haven't saved $2 million. I'm like, you're right. I put in 200,000 and it turned into 2 million. Ooh. So. We're gonna explain the sort of science behind that. And speaking of science, Albert Einstein, I don't know that this is true that he actually said this, but he's quoted on the internet a whole lot. He is quoted Compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world. Listen, I agree with him. It's, it's when it's working in your favor. It's amazing when it's working against you on a student loan. Like only God can help you. That's Right. So this is the secret for building wealth. When we talk about building wealth, baby step four, becoming net worth millionaires.


Compound growth is a key here. So this is when your money earns more money and then that money earns even more money. So it works like a snowball, but instead of debt, you're collecting more as it goes down the hill. Give me a, give it to me in numbers. Okay, So let's say 101 $1,000. Okay. And you earn 10%. Okay. So 10% of a thousand hundred bucks. 100 bucks. So after one year you'd have 1100. Your a thousand plus the extra a hundred you made. Got you. But now think about this, you earn 10% the next year, but it's not on the original thousand. It's on the new balance. Ah. And there's the difference, The balance now is 1100 and you're gonna earn 10% on that. And then it Keeps, which is another 110.


And so you can see how it starts to snowball as not only did your principal make money, but your principal plus interest now made more interest. Wow. So that's the strategy here. And after 10 years it would almost triple. So an easy way to think about this, it's called the rule of 72. Okay. So if your money is making 10% every 7.2 years, your money would double love it. So 1 million turns into 2 million. Yeah. If you had an average return of 10%. And we tell people that all the time. When you have that lump sum sitting there, you know, people call in and they Wanna know if they're gonna have enough in retirement. I love being able to quote that because it's kind of like, oh man, I never thought of it like That. Absolutely. So. we can walk through a great example of this and if you're wondering what the, you know, rate of return is where we're getting this number.


We're not just, this is not like a wet finger in the air. That's right. This is the average return historically of the US stock market is about 10 to 12%. You know, this is before inflation. So post inflation it's probably closer to seven, eight, you know, 9%. And it's worth noting there a lot of times people make the mistake of looking at the stock market year by year And they go instead Of how are You making 12% jade? Mine's at 4% this year. Right. And we're going, that's the average over a long period of time. Yeah. You're looking for the annualized rate of return, not Just, so it's negative 4% and then next year it's plus 20%. That's right. Then it's 4% the next year you average all of that out. That's Right. Alright, so let's look at a chart that really explains the power of this and the power of starting early. We're gonna look at two guys named Ben and Joey.


So they both start invest. Ben starts investing at age 21. Okay. He's a young whipper snapper. He got outta college debt free. He's crushing it. He invests 2,400 bucks a year. Excellent. 200 bucks a month. That's not a whole lot. But he stops contributing at age 30. So nine years. He contributes that 2,400 and the total amount he contributed was 21,600 bucks. Wow. Okay. Now what is his total when he turns 67, 2 $0.1 million Without ever adding more? Without ever adding more, he stopped at 30. So he turned 21,000 into 2.1 million just by not touching it and let that snowball roll with compound growth. Wow. Wow. Now his buddy Joey, well he didn't make as many wise financial decisions.


He, he finally gets the ball rolling at age 30. Okay. He starts investing 2,400 a year, but this time he doesn't stop at 30, he keeps investing until he is 67. So 37 years Wow. Of investing that same 2,400. He ends up contributing 88 grand. 88,800 to be exact. You would think, well he's gotta have more than Ben. He invested way more. No, no, no. Joey ends up with $1.2 million. Ooh. So time, time was on my friend's side. There almost a million dollar difference because of that extra nine years. Ben had his money compounding. So it's not necessarily about how much you contribute, it's really about how much time you let it sit. Yeah. Each year it's comp, compounding.


Compounding In that crockpot and this that chart, if you're wondering where that came from, that's actually from our foundations and personal finance curriculum that we teach in half of high schools across America. And this is the kind of stuff we wish we learned in school growing up, Jade. And now you can. Yeah. Which is great. I think a lot, this is really important. I think a lot of people, they forget about compound interest. They're thinking about simple interest. They're thinking, you know, if it's a thousand dollars, you're always gonna have interest on the original lump sum. And with compound interest it's, it's even better than that. Absolutely. It's always, it's always growing. So that's wonderful. Well now to be clear, people go, well Jade, if it's so important to get started early, then why do you tell people to pause investing until they're out of debt? Well, you know, here's, at the end of the day, that time is usually negligible.


And, I always tell people all the time, if you're, if you're messing around and playing around with the baby steps, you're gonna screw yourself. Because if you say, yeah, I'm working the baby steps, I'm in baby step two and then you play patty cake with it for the next seven, eight years and you I'm trying To pay off some debt. I'm trying to invest. Yeah. I'm trying to save for a house. You can't do seven things at once and do it any of it. Well Yeah. And then you mess around and you put your stuff on hold for the next decade. Well yeah, you, you just screwed yourself. But if you do it the way we teach, most people are out of debt, George, in two years or less. And so that's really negligible in order to have the full power of your income at your disposal so that you can invest 15%, which is far more, Most people are doing three or four. They're going, I'm gonna get the match and I'm gonna just put the rest in the back burner. That's right.


That's not enough to retire with dignity. That's Right. And so the way we teach it, not only are you getting your debt cleared off, but when you do finally start to invest, you're investing far more than you would've. Therefore you're gonna make up the difference pretty quickly. And so this works at the end of the day, you know, people can question it, but there's 30 years of experience behind this And I know, you know, I know George, you work the baby steps. I work the baby steps. And the the cool thing is, George, I was the person who had to wait seven and a half years. 'cause it took us seven and a half years to pay off our debt. Then we turned around and saved three to Six months, then we turned around and bought a house, then we started investing And, I can tell, still tell you on this side of it, it's still works. The, the the, the principle still works. So you'll be Good.


And there's still time. So if you're hearing this, you're going well that'd be nice. I'm not 21. Jade, Listen, I'm Joey, I'm 40. Joey is right here. I'm 40. There's still, you know, even if you let, let's take this example. You're 35 and you finally start investing. If you invest until 65, 500 bucks a month, that's six grand a year. That's with an average, average, average 10% return. Exactly. They go, where am I gonna find 500 bucks? That car payment looks a whole lot like 500 bucks. Pay that thing off or sell it. You'll free that money up. Well from 35 to 65, 500 bucks a month, 10% return, 1.1 million. Wow. How much did you actually contribute? 180 grand. So when you look at that, you go 80 to 90% of the growth was stuff you didn't even do On that example, a million dollars of was growth.


Is that right? Almost the growth was nine 50 in this example. Holy Moly. And so you just, you know, look at these numbers start, I'm using our investment calculator on our website and you guys can punch in your own numbers and start to have some hope that you can retire with dignity and you don't have to wait on the next person in the White House or go, I'm scared of the stock market. I'm more scared of you not investing at all and retiring broke. So True. Yeah. And back to this, you know, these are all things that some of you're listening, you're like, I never, I just never heard this concept before. That's why it's so important. Cons, foundations and personal finance. I was walking out of the building the other day leaving work and a, a guy walked up to me, I think he told me his name was Jefferson. He was like, Hey Jade, I just wanna tell you we're in baby step seven, we paid our house off.


Now I'm looking at this dude. I'm like, you look extra young. So I said, how old are you? He goes, I'm 31 Whoa. I said 31. I said, I have to know more. He goes, Jade, I had foundations in personal finance as my curriculum in high school and So I knew never to go into debt, never to go into student loan debt. And so when I came out of college, which I paid for in cash, I just, I saved up three to Six months. I did my down payment. You know, I started investing 15% paid off the mortgage and at 31 no Mortgage. That's insane. Insanity. But that's, that is the power of the things we Teach of getting this information. And here's the thing, if you kids don't get this through the curriculum, through the Ramsey curriculum, they're gonna get it from TikTok.


And TikTok and Instagram are not telling them to stay outta debt. They're telling 'em to get into debt. And somehow that's the key to building wealth. But we've seen in reality the exact opposite to be true. That's right. So if you're interested you can go to ramsey education.com and you know, hassle your schools, your teachers. Yes. Your administration to go, Hey we gotta get this curriculum in the school. Yeah. What are we teaching these kids? Show 'em how to budget. So, so important. Let me tell you, you might be a little late to the game. You might be Joey, I was late to the game. And even if money didn't come from you, even if you didn't come from money, money can still come from you through your kids and changing your family tree. Preach. Do it. Do it, do it. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to Finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play. Or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app From The. Ramsey Network.


You're listening to The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is George Kamel. And here we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. And we do that with your calls. This is a live show so be sure to give us a call and we'll talk about your life and your money. The number is simple. 8 8 8 eight two five five two two five. That's the number that gets you in. Alright George, let's get to the phone lines. Game on, on and popping. All right, we got Lee, she's in Columbus, Ohio. What's going on Lee? Hi. You guys are like my two favorite pair. I'm so excited to Talk. I cannot wait to tell Ken and John And I know Rachel and Dave. That's so kind, Lee. That's great. Thank you.


How can we help? Well I think my question is actually pretty timely. I work in local government, so I'm in a pension. Okay. My husband And, I are on baby steps four, five, and six newly. But I have always been required to put 10% of my money or my salary into a pension. Okay. And now that I'm looking into it, I have the opportunity. And I can only do this once, I cannot take it back to switch to a member 401k type of plan. Yes. Oh yeah. So, I just, you know, I, I can't roll over what's already in the pension or anything like that, but I'm just I have, I mean I've been in service for nine years.


And, I love my job. I, so this isn't a matter of like staying at my job, but if I'm looking at retirement even 25 years from now, 'cause I'm 35, say it's 60, is that enough time to still, you know, contribute my 10% and then I matched it like seven, 7.5% the Employer. Oh great. Amazing. That's awesome. A hundred percent I would, I would switch over to the 401k Instantly. And the good news is, okay for, for, and George is gonna go over a bunch of reasons, but for me you're gonna get to choose the investments and you're gonna have a better mix. And, I think that for me is the thing, and by the way, I just want to call out, I want you investing 15% when the time comes, not 10. Oh right.


I just, we can't contribute more than 10% in this particular plan, even the 401k, but we have, oh, I'm contributing above and beyond in a deferred compensation. Okay. It's a 4, 5, 7. Gotcha. So that's where the other money would go. But the 10% is like what we're locked into required for. Is there, is there a Roth option with the 401k or is it just traditional? It is just traditional. Okay. 'cause your other option is a Roth IRA. As long as you, you know, you're not above the income limits and that can be a great place to start for some tax free growth. And then you can do the rest in that traditional 401k than So. I would invest up than up to the match than you said it's, how much is the match?


Seven and half percent And sweet. Is that regardless of your investing or is it up you invest seven and A half. Oh I have to 10% and I have to do 10% no matter what. They just happen to match up to seven point a half. Okay, Awesome. Now the 4 57, do you have to go to that next or can you go to a Roth IRA next? Oh I can, yeah I can switch it to a Roth IRA. That was just something I was contributing to in addition a while ago. But now that we're in 4, 5, 6, I'm like, we have to look back at this. So now that I'm looking at other contributions, I can switch totally over to a Roth if I wanted. Yeah, I I really like the idea of of obviously you wanna get the match but to George's point, having that Roth there, we get calls all the time of people who are on into retirement age and they, most of what they have are traditional accounts and they have these required minimum distributions and everything and it's like, oh my gosh, they just wish that they had rolled it over into Roth style accounts earlier and So I think it's important to have the right mix of that going in.


And if you can start that earlier, I think it's a great thing. Okay. And then one more question. I'm basically with building up. So my, I will be required to take, you know, once I retire, I think retirement in age, it would be full benefits at 62 for the pension. It is a payout per month since I have done nine years of service at like 700 a month. If I were to wait till 67, it's up to 1300 a month. And I'm just like, there would be the option with the account value, which is about a hundred thousand. You Can take a lump sum Over And I. So the lump sum is 44,000 out the door. But I could roll it over like if I ever left public service, which I don't intend to, but if I did I could roll over the full account value, which is about a hundred thousand into an IRA at that point.


Okay. So I don't know if I have that chance at retirement, but I'd rather do that. Yeah. As long as there's no penalty when you know the age is right where you can do this without penalty, I would take the lump sum and invest that on your own. And that way again, you have more control over it. It can pass down to your heirs because the problem with pensions is they die with you. Exactly. And so you, you, there's one, one big benefit to moving it over. And the other reasons Lee, the average return on pensions is not great comparatively to what you could get in a 401k where you have the options. So pension plan might be 7% with the 401k, it might be 12% or more. And then again, when you die, you can pass it down to your heirs with the 401k with the pension, it'll die with you or maybe your spouse at a lower amount.


You know, survivor benefits. And again, you own the 401k, the company owns the pension. And how long does the money last? Well, it's your lifetime with the pension and with the 401k, it's until the money is gone as you keep passing it down generationally. Oh Yeah. So if the health of the business starts to go down, that could definitely affect your pension in, in a major way, which with The government, it'll be here to stay So. I'm not as worried with the government pension, just disappearing. But I do like the idea of you doing better on your own with more control and more say. Mm, Very good. Very, very End of story. Good. Good call. Thank you so much for that call. That was great. I didn't mean, I kind of cut her off a little bit. Sorry Lee didn't mean she was probably saying something really cool. Lee, I love you. That was a mistake. That was a user error. I, well, she can always call back for more.


We love. She Can't, she's like, I'm not coming back. She hung up on me. It was an accident. We love you. I love that George. We get those calls all the time about pensions versus 4 0 1 Ks versus Roth IRAs versus IRAs versus many. There's so many Appreciations. It's exhausting. Okay, so let's, let's talk nerdy to the people and let's explain the best way to invest their money when they hit baby step four And Oh, that's good because we kind of talked around it with the, we Talked around it. Yeah. So the, the easiest way is remember five words match beats, Roth beats traditional. So that's the strategy here. Yes. So if you have a match with your employer retirement plan, let's take that first because it's a 100% return.


Free, free money. If you put in 4%, they put in 4%. Yes. That's A win Free money Beyond that Roth. Just it, that's just a, a tax treatment on the account. And it just means simply that you're paying taxes now so you don't have to pay the taxes later in retirement. Exactly. And then lastly, you have traditional, which means we're going to, you know, might get a tax advantage now, but we're gonna have to pay taxes on that money later. That's Right. It lowers your taxable income now. But later on, when you're in your retirement years, when you go to pull that money out, it's income. So you're paying taxes And there's a big discussion and debate in the financial community amongst the nerds about well, Roth versus traditional and should you be doing Roth now versus, the truth is, if taxes stay the same and income stay the same, it would be an exact wash.


But we're kind of hedging our bets going. My guess is taxes might be higher now than they are today and we don't know what your income will be. Everyone says that's well in retirement, your income will go down maybe. But I don't wanna have to limit how much I'm enjoying my investments because of tax reasons. Yeah. So, I love's the idea. When you look up at 62 and you've got a Roth IRA with $2 million, that's $2 million of after tax after tax money. Net money Yeah. That you get to use without Uncle Sam ever getting the grub his grubby hands on. I know that's right. So I know. That's right. And With all of that, you haven't actually invested yet. Those are just types of accounts. Okay. And investing strategies. So how Do we invest it, George? Well, mutual funds or index funds outside of retirement.


That's a great way to do it. Giant groups of stocks. Yeah. George, I like the electronically traded funds. ETFs. Yeah. Exchange trade. Yeah, that's, that's they're kinda like mutual funds that trade like stocks. Yeah. Which don don't love for that reason. Kind of gets you a little bit. Ooh. should I jump in? should I jump out? Yes. I, by The not, not A whole lot of reasons me saying that was me being them. Thank you for being them. Great. You're just like the rest of the trolls. I thought you were so much better. Oh my goodness. Thank you George for the crash course on investing. This is The Ramsey Show. With So many health insurance options and so much fine print. You need to work with someone you can really trust. Health Trust Financial has partnered with Ramsey for 20 years, saving our fans money and hassles with the right coverage and great service.


Health Trust Financial works for you, not the insurance company. And they're the only health insurance company Ramsey recommends. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com. That's Health Trust Financial dot com. Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


You're listening to The Ramsey Show, thanks for being here. I'm Jade Warshaw next to me is bestselling author George Kamel. Today's question of the day is brought, brought to you by Why Refi. If you're in over your head with private student loans and tired of getting calls from collection agencies, I know how that feels. You need Why Refi, Why Refi, refin refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch and they give you a low fixed rate loan that's built for you. So go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey today. That's the letter YREF y.com/ramsey. It may not be available in all states. Today's question comes from Peter in Wisconsin.


My son let us home get to within 10 days of foreclosure before telling my wife and me that they were in trouble. He has $350,000 in equity. I could not let this happen. So I paid the 35,000 that was owed, which made them current on their loan. I have explained to him and his wife, they need to sell the house and get the equity out and start using the Ramsey plan to manage their money. Now they won't talk to me or my wife. Did I do the right thing in helping them out? Who, well, clearly not if it destroyed the relationship. I think it was well intended and a very sweet thing to do. But the problem is they didn't seem to ever ask for your help or your opinion in these matters. And it, It all has to do with how you explained it.


Were you like, look at what you did. You guys never should have been, you know, like that's different than explaining it in a better way. No, he seems like a wonderful person. I think it's, I think it's on them. Yeah. That, you know, they reacted this way. 'cause he said before telling my wife that they were in trouble. So he came to him Yeah. 10, 10 days before for before closing. This had clearly been going on for months. This foreclosure doesn't happen after one month of missing a payment. That's, and he goes, Hey, we're in trouble. So clearly he was looking for help by going to the parents, letting 'em know about this problem. And So I think truthfully there's a lot of shame and guilt here. I think you're right. And now it's, it makes the relationship kind of like a business transaction where you, you've come across like a lender.


Yeah. And now it's awkward 'cause I need a daddy to swoop in and fix my mess. Well they don't say that. There's an interesting piece missing from this on whether or not the kids owe the 35,000 back to mom and dad. It Doesn't sound like he, he wants or needs the money. So Yeah. If he said, well when I asked for the money, they stopped talking to me. Right. That would make more sense. Yeah. Versus a gift of like, Hey listen, I'm gonna get you guys outta this bind, but you gotta please follow this plan. I I bet it was a well intended situation. Yeah. But my wordy is if you didn't save them, like they're gonna be right back in this mess. And so exactly what cost it, while I would love for them to follow the plan, I think they couldn't, they clearly could not afford the mortgage.


Yeah. And so even getting them current on the loan doesn't solve their problem. That's why he's saying, you guys need to sell the house, get the equity out, do the, do this the right way. So my fear is they end up right back here and go, dad, I'm minute bind again. We're behind three months on payments because they didn't actually change their habits. Yeah. I agree with you George. Matter of fact, James, I think we need to add a segment where we show up at the people's door who did the question of the day and we can ask them more questions. Yeah. Peter, their Question, Peter, you hear, hear this call into the show and maybe we can talk more through. It's a very interesting situation. It is. But did I do the right thing in helping 'em out? Think So I think it was a noble thing to do. It's what, you know personally, I love my daughter. Yeah. If she was in a bind, I would do anything for Her 100%. Yeah. But Again, if she didn't ask for it, I don't know.


But they asked, he came to him with the problem. Yeah. My daughter knocks on my door and says, Hey, we're on the brink of foreclosure. I'm gonna do whatever I can to help them out. Yeah. And then steer them to the plan. So don don't know that I could have done anything differently. Yeah. I mean it's, in situation, it's different. There's, there's one thing, it's kind of like you don't wanna be an enabler. Like if it was a situation where this has been going on for a long time and helping them would be in a sense, giving a drunk a Dr. A drink or it's very possible that they just had, you know, a slurry of really tough things happen and it just resulted in this, you know, foreclosure situation. And mom and dad were like, listen, we can help. You know, so more details are needed. But George, I think you're exactly right. I would've been like, Hey, I'll give you the 35, but you guys are gonna go through Financial Peace University tomorrow.


Yeah. Matter of fact, you're Gonna go through every lesson Matter. If we can send that to Peter to, to send to the, the, the son and daughter, that'd Be great. Probably have his email right. Producer James. Okay. Yeah, we'll try to, that'd be great. We'll give that to them as a gift and see if we can get them on track. 'cause I wanna help them for the rest of their life. Not one time in a bind. Yeah, That's good. Alright, we've got Anne in St. Cloud, Minnesota. What's going on Anne? Hi this is Anne. Thanks for taking the call today. Sure, You bet. What's up? So my question for you is basically should I quit my job? So a little bit of background. My husband And I, we got married, had a baby and bought a house all in my year.


I hear that baby hooting and hollering. Yeah. He is going to be a little bit whining in the background, so my apologies. Did you say you got married, bought a house and had a baby all in How long? One year. Woo Mama. Okay. And what's your current job? Yeah, So I work as a mini at administrator for a ministry. And the problem is there is morally corrupt stuff going on with the leadership. Ugh. Yeah. It's so unfortunate. It was like a dream job when I took it and so good for our family, but now it's like I kind of have no choice but to leave.


Yeah. So what's Next? And now I'm just kind, we know you're leaving. Exactly. We need to line something up. I don't want you just quitting and going Well I'll just figure it out over the next four months. Yeah. What, What's the income you need to try to make up here? Well, bare bones budget, my husband And I will be able to make it by without even dipping into our emergency fund. So that's the good Thing. So living off of his income, Yes he can take overtime, which is super, super helpful but it's not a way to live. Yeah. So what What were you making? I was making about 3,800 a Month. Okay. So. we need to make up that income or at least most of it.


And that's kind of the thing, my husband's really supportive but don don't know what my next step is and my, I don't wanna put my child in daycare. So, I might look for some at home admin work, but I'm really just not even sure where to start. Well let's kind of start by the, looking at the financial picture. So, we can know what needs to be done. Do you, what baby step are you guys in? Do you have debt? Luckily we're in baby steps. Four, five and six. Good. Okay. How Much is in the emergency fund? We have about $36,000. Wow. Great. That's a big old emergency fund. Is that too much?


Well it sounds like it's a lot more than Six months based on what you've told me. Yeah, both of our take home pay is about 7,500 a month. Okay. Altogether. Okay, Good. So You, so you're looking more for help on the career side of what to do next for a job? I'm looking for that and just if I can afford to stay home with him too. So if could I afford to? Well You just told us on a bare bones budget you can get by, but that's, if he works overtime, it's not Super sustainable. And you said that's no way to live. Right So? we need to get his income up or you need to work part-time in order for this to make sense. So what would it look like, you know, you were doing the job in the ministry.


Is that something that you would want to do again at another ministry? Do you know? Tell us more about what you feel like you're qualified to do and the work that you would want to do. I I have put her on hold with the baby yelling. You can get her back. Jade. Oh, Let's see, where is she? Line to. Sorry about that Anne. There. It's okay. That baby's got pipes. Can I just say, I know she's, she's Rolling in. Here's what I think. I'll just kind of give you the synopsis of what I think. Okay. I think you guys need to get onto EveryDollar. Do you have EveryDollar? We do. We do. Okay then I think you guys need to get on there and figure out, okay, what, what amount of money? 'cause it may not be a full 3,800, but what amount of money would take you out of that unsustainable place to where it's like, okay, we're not on bare bones.


Husband's not having to work overtime all the time and we can kind of live a life like this and maybe it is 3,800, but then after that it's all about you sitting down and going, okay, what can I do? What would I like to do? And then I'm getting on all the sites, I'm getting on Glassdoor, I'm looking to see what's available. I'm looking for work from home options. I'm looking for part-time options, And, I. Think at this point you're just kind of pounding the pavement as they say, and knocking on doors to get another job. And we can help you with that. Ken Coleman has a great book called Find the Work You're Wired to do. 'cause maybe this is the career path in the administrative space. Maybe it's not. Yeah. So we're gonna send you this resource with that, you're gonna get to get clear career assessment, take that and then start talking to your friends and say, Hey, does this line up all of this assessment stuff?


What I'm writing does this line up with who you know me to be, my personality, what I'm wired to do? And that might be a work from home admin job, it might be something else. And you know, maybe you go make some crazy money and you go, I want to get a full-time nanny in house. Yeah, that's right. Because I don wanna do daycare. You have the options, but we do have to figure out the financial piece. Yeah. But the good news in this is because you guys did the right thing, it frees you up to now for you to be able to do the right thing with this job. You don't have to stay in a job where you know, morality is being questioned or you know, negative things are happening, or even illegal things. I don't know what's going on over there. Believe. But you've got the emergency fund and you can get out and you can get another job. Hopefully that pays more. This is The. Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey good folks. It's Delony. And with Back to School Madness on Deck, my family's schedule is already so packed and we haven't even made room for things like exercise and date nights and counseling and all the other things that make our life even worth living. When it comes to taking care of me, I have to remember to put on my oxygen mask first. Meaning I have to do the things that help me stay well and whole. And you have to do the same thing too. Together we can show up and be strong in all of this chaos. So don't skip the things that matter to you, including therapy. When it comes to therapy. Call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, staffed with licensed therapist.


It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. Therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, set boundaries, and learn ways to find peace in the chaos. Be sure to put your oxygen mask on first and never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony. Hey guys, George Kamel here with some big news. The Ramsey $10,000 cash giveaway is here. Enter all month long to increase your chances of winning no gimmicks, just $10,000 cash. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway to enter every single day.


Plus, we've lined up some unbeatable deals for as low as 12 bucks. These bestsellers will teach you the most effective way to build wealth, make raising smart money kids easy, or help you live a more joyful, less anxious life. You don't wanna miss it. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. You're listening to The Ramsey Show. Thanks for listening. Listen guys, you need cash. I know that you need cash and so I've got just the solution for you. The Ramsey cash giveaway is here. We're trying to give you money. Yes, that's Dave's money, which is my favorite type of money. And it's a lot. $10,000 cash. That's the grand prize. Wow. 10 th It used to be like 3000, $10,000 is a lot of money.


This is one of our biggest people. Inflation hit the giveaway too. We're like we got up it. That's right. That's right. A accounted for inflation. I love that. Thank you Dave. Alright, if I had $10,000, I can already tell you right now that's a vacation for some of you that is paying off a student loan. For some of you that is, you know, going towards your three to Six months of expenses. All I know is $10,000 is a bag, George. And if you get that, it's, it has the potential to really change where you are right now. That's several full tanks of gas. I mean, there's a lot you could do with 10,000. That's at Least four. Stanley tumblers, at least four. That's amazing. Those Things are so expensive. So if you need $10,000, if you could really use it, you can enter, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


And here's the thing. You can enter every single day. And the more you enter, the more it increases your chances at winning. So do that now through August 31st. Not only that, George, but we're also having our $12 sale. So now's your chance to not only enter this cash giveaway, but you can also grab one of our bestselling books at a lower price. So whether you know you're trying to do better with your money, whether you're trying to deal with your anxiety, whether you're trying to get your job to, and your career to the next level, we've got books and products that will give you a plan that will give you hope and they're at a discount. $12. So guys look no further. This is the assignment. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store and then go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway to get your $10,000 entry.


That's how this works. Woo. Any other announcements, Jade, before we keep going, I got another announcement. All right. For the good of the Group, this, this is for the good of the group. Listen, you guys in who like to listen to The, Ramsey Show, I want you to know that after this segment, the next two segments, we're going onto the app. So if you wanna keep listening and finish the show for the day, then you need to head over to The Ramsey Network app. You can do that by going, you know, into the app store and downloading Ramsey Network app. You just search it in the little tab and it'll pop up there. But if you're used to watching the entire show, that's where you go if you wanna finish the show. And I'd really, you know, recommend that you do that because there's a lot of really cool things within that app that you can, and if Discover while you, you're listening on radio, you keep doing, you, the show's gonna continue on radio.


This is for YouTube and podcast folks. That's right. And so there's, again, there's two ways to get the app. You can click the show notes, they'll have it there. If you're, you know, just like to click a link or if you're savvy, like I said, just go into the app store and you know, Google Ramsey Network. If you're extra Savvy and you're watching right now, there's a QR code on the screen if you know how to take a picture of that and go to the link. That's Right George. That's good For the extra tech folks. Yeah. And if also I just, let me just say, for those of you who have submitted feedback on the app, we've heard you and we are working to make the experience even better. We're always working to make things better for you. But really we're just getting started with this app and you all the time, we're adding more cool features to it. So this is just like, rock with us on this.


Keep rolling with us on this, you know, it's all gonna be good. Don't miss what's coming up next. Go to the app so you can watch the full show. Okay. I am off my soapbox. George. George Jade's gonna bring it in the next hour. Listen, that's a tease right there. The, the, The calls coming up. They're bangers is all I'm saying. You don't want to miss it. Alright, let's go to the phone lines. We've got Matthew in Dallas, Texas. What's going on Matthew? Hey, how are you guys Doing? Good, how are you? Doing well, thank you. You Hey So, I just recently sold my, my business. Nice. I was a commercial landscaping company. Yeah. How much? It was 300,000. Hey, That's a good pay Ching. Yeah, there's, there's some business debt involved.


Oh, Did you pocket 300? It's not what I netted. Oh, what'd Net? So a yeah, so after paying off the business debt, paying off my, some personal debt, I netted around 105,000. Okay. And, And So I still have the truck. I still have a truck that that's in my name, but the new owner, 'cause I'm going back to work for the same company that I had, that I owned. Oh wow. So you'll be an employee now instead of the owner? Exactly. Okay. Exactly What's owed on the truck. Yeah. And So yeah, So I owe 28,000 on the truck, but he has given me a stipend of $500 a month to pay for the truck.


So it, it doesn't fully offset the cost of the, the payment, but it almost does. It's about three, three-fourths. And would he, would he pay you that 500 a month until the truck was paid off or was there a limit on how long that would last? It, it, as long as I stay with the company basically. But if you paid off the truck today, would you still get 500 bucks a month for a stipend? I would. Yeah. Absolutely. Okay, great. Paid off man. Yeah, I would. Yeah. So that's my question, I guess. So that's all we really owe So I owe my truck, my wife's car's paid off. Our house is not paid off. Okay. But we have a, we have a ton of equity in our house. What's It, what, what do you owe on it? Just curious.


3 85 on our house. Okay. Any other debt? And It's, no ma'am. Nope. Awesome. So you pay off the truck? Yep. You left with 77. How much do you have in savings? That's, that's all our, that's all our money. My wife has about 28,000 and her 401k and so no other debt that actually, that is our savings. But there's no other debt. Correct. Great. Besides the house. So what I would do, I would put away Six months of expenses outta that 77 and the rest you can start attacking the mortgage. If you have kids, you can start putting away some for college. That really sets you up. Yeah. Well and And I guess my other question to that is though is that I'm gonna have some long-term capital gains and that's my fear. So I'm like, well if I pay off the truck, like I said, I owe 28 on it.


If I pay it off, you know, and then I have to pay the capital gains, but I'm actually paying the capital gains on almost 300,000. And then plus, you know, whatever our income is. Are you working with a, with a tax pro on this? Yes, I am. I'm, so you'll know exactly what the number is. And so come tax time you'll need to have that money set aside. I'm guessing the 77 is gonna cover it. Yeah. should I you think I should wait to pay it off until I find out what that number is on the taxes? I mean, I pay it off ASAP if it's due, but if it's, you know, if it's just part of your April taxes, When will you know? Well, I won't know until they do our taxes, so probably next year.


Okay. So that'd be our, it'll be part of our 24 taxes. Okay. Yeah. Yep. So, I won't, I won't know until she starts doing the, doing the taxes for us. I wonder If they could do an estimate just to see, I'm, I'm Sure you could get an estimate from your tax pro now to go, I wanna make sure I have enough set aside. 'cause I know there's gonna be a big bill this year. Yeah, I'd look into that for Sure. But you, y'all wouldn't have a problem paying off the anything you're Not doing. I mean, you're following to the letter of the law. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I. That's why we work through your tax. Make sure To you guys. That's Awesome. Welcome to the crew, man. You're doing great. Yep. So what's, what's your new income now as an employee? Well it's, it's 1400 net per week is what I'm making.


Okay. And is that similar to what you were making before as the owner or is that a lot less? It's actually a little more because he owed me some commissions that I'd sold before I sold the company. So what Wonder, can I just ask you, what made you sell the company? Did you sell it just to clear debt or what was your To get outta debt. Yeah. Yep, that's exactly right. to get outta debt. Cool. Well here's the good news. You know how to do it and you could do it again debt free one day if you wanted to. That's right. Yeah. This time I, I would have a different plan for sure. Well, very, very good. Hopefully we helped you out. Thank you so much for the call. And George, you bring up a really good point when it comes to things like this. If you need help with taxes, we have tax pros here. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash trusted and there's all the services that we provide.


But amongst those are tax pros And they, they follow the Ramsey plan. Yes. They're not gonna steer you into go, well you really should go, go buy this a hundred thousand dollars truck for a write off. That's right. They don't say that kind of crap. They're gonna make sure that you're following the Ramsey plan, helping you stay outta debt, helping you avoid IRS, you know, back taxes. And that's a big one, especially for business owners. We tell 'em, Hey, file quarterly estimated taxes. That's right. Make your payments, set money aside every month. Set 25% aside, whatever it is for you to make sure that you're covering that because IRS debt, we put at the top of the debt snowball when we hear about it. 'cause the IRS can screw up your life. They can garnish your wages, they can sue you, they can put you in prison So. we don't mess with that.


That's so, so True. And you're right, George, the, the big point is those Ramsey trusted folks, they do follow it our way. Because before I worked here, you know, I was just out. I'm out in the world. I'm looking for a tax pro. It's hard to find people who will align with your values the way that we teach principles and the values that you've said, okay, yeah, this is the way I wanna live my life. But once we started using those pros, it made it so much easier. 'cause I don't have to explain it. I don't have to explain to them the baby steps. I don't have to explain to them why I care about getting out of debt, why I don't want to utilize debt. It's just, it makes it so much simpler. So again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash trusted, that's where you want to go to get the help that you need with taxes real estate and more This is The Ramsey.


Show. I know you work hard for your money and the key to keeping more of it in your pocket is by making a plan for your spending with a budget. And EveryDollar is the budgeting app that I use personally because it's perfect for looking EveryDollar you make in its little president face and telling it exactly where you want it to go. Just like you told that guy in traffic exactly where you wanted him to go. And even better EveryDollar walks you through the entire budgeting journey. So you always know your next right step. Download EveryDollar for free in the App store or Google Play today. You are listening to The Ramsey Show. I am Jade. Warshaw next to me is George. Kamel.


We're taking your calls but not this segment. This segment. We have something fun planned. It's a budget review all the time. We talk about EveryDollar. It's the best budgeting app out there. And so many of you utilize EveryDollar but you still have questions. You do it and then you're like, Jade, something's still not math and right with my money, can you help me out? Maybe there's an area that I'm overlooking. And so that's what George And I are gonna do. This segment I had, basically it's a Google doc, George And I went on to social media, And I said, Hey, if you want me to review your budget, just fill out this Google Doc and with all the right information I'll, I would love it. I'll pick one of your budgets. And so we've got Janai and Skyler. I'll give you a quick synopsis and really cool.


They're actually on the phone line today. Woo. So it's Janiah and Skyler, 35, 36 years old, a stay at home mom and an electrician. They're from Utah. They make $69,000 per year, but they bring home about 5,600 per month. Did I get that right Skyler? I've got Oh we, oh Okay. don Don't Think that's Me. What are, Okay, got it. What are the odds that there's another Skylar on the line. I know, right? Oh My gosh. Which is super confusing. That's crazy. Yeah. Janai. Hello. Welcome. Hi. Thanks for putting your business out there for the good of others to learn and and growth.


Yeah, Yeah. No that's great. Thanks for having me on. That's awesome. So did I get the numbers right? 50, you're bringing home about 5,600 per month. Let's see if we can pull it up on the budget to see if we got it. Well I got Confused 'cause you make 69 a year. That's about take home pay. Yeah because 5,600 bucks is 67 grand a year. Yeah. So we budget based on, it's kind of kind of was tricky situation, which is why I'm so interested in talking to you guys. We budget for him working a 50 hour week, which is right about 1400 a week. Which is the 5,600 take home a month. So I. Don't know what it all is like before taxes and stuff, but, Oh, got it.


Okay, cool, Cool, cool. Yeah, but we, we end up making more 'cause he works extra overtime when it's available and his job, since he's in construction and they're so desperate for men or you know, so The 5,600 is the lowest that you would bring in the lowest. Okay. Okay. Can we bring the budget up on the screen and take a look at it with you? Yeah, let's do it. Alright, so you, you may not be able to see this in real time but you can go back and watch it. So We've got your EveryDollar budget here. We plugged it all in and we have your income at the top. 5600, 1400 a week. Yep. As we move down, we're gonna go to giving, you're giving a little to the church. $201 savings.


We have school savings of $200. Tell me about that. Yeah, so he's still in trade school and So. we are just putting $50 every week. Basically a sinking fund to cash Flow. You get tuition every semester. Yeah. Love it. Love that. What about the emergency fund? I think, I think you told me that you had a thousand dollars but you had to dig into it recently. Yes, we had some dental, I had to get a crown last week. So we'll be able to rebuild that by the end of the month. Back to the thousand. Okay, excellent. Because you also told me that your biggest debt, your biggest goal is to pay off your debt. So you guys are baby step two people, So. we kind of filter all of the information we give you through that idea of you'll, at the end of 30 days, you'll have the emergency fund back and then it's game on on paying off the debt.


So George, let's keep looking here. Car maintenance. Alright, so you got some car maintenance. A hundred bucks a month. That's Good. I'm happy with that. And then we have the mortgage at 1650. Yeah, the first thing I thought is it's, it's a little bit more than what we'd say. The 25% rule. I think that it's, you know, it's two 50 more So. I think that for you guys, It's not on fire. It's Not on fire. But just being aware of that will change the way you spend going forward. So utilities, everything like that. Looking good on here. George, natural Gas, electricity, internet, nothing crazy here. Gas fuel for the car. Now we have groceries at seven 50. Is this just for you two So. we have a 2-year-old and a nine month old. Oh, Heart tea. Yes.


Interesting plot twist. We didn't know that. Okay, great. So seven 50 for groceries. I'm not mad at, I will say with the restaurants, I try to cut that down. You know you've got kids, it's inevitable you're gonna pop through a drive through or order a pizza some night. So maybe pop it down to 40 And make that like your emergency scenario. Crap hits the fan but try to limit it to nothing. Try to go, can we avoid eating out while we're trying to get outta this debt? George, Can you change it to 40? Let's see if it adjusts. Oh This is fun. Yeah, let change it to 40. That's you see at the top of the budget. They've got 103 80 bucks left over if they follow this budget to a T. That's the margin right now. So the goal here, since you're trying to pay off debt, the goal is to get the margin higher and look already, I can't see it from here George. Is it? Well it's 2 43 now in margin.


Ooh. Because we brought the restaurant category down. So. I like it So. we keep going. We have phone at $221 are y. Let's talk about that. Are you guys trying to pay off a phone within that? I probably, yeah, I think mine is on there. And then our streaming services are bundled in there as well. Oh, okay. So if there's a phone payment in there, figure out what it is and pay it off this month. Like knock that out. Okay. So that, that, that bill becomes lower And you can then switch carriers. I'm guessing you're with a like a name brand carrier right now? Yeah. Okay. I would switch to affordable carrier like I have, I've got a Telo partnered with me on my, my YouTube channel. It's 25 bucks a month Jana for for Jani, for all of the unlimited everything plan.


So my wife is on that plan and she loves it for 25 bucks a month. So that could shave a lot off of this category. And then of course I'm going to personal, I love that you guys are thinking about fun money for the two of you, but in baby step two, don don't think this is the phase for that. So if I were you, I'd knock that down to 50 bucks between the two of you during this phase. As much as I, it pains me to say you guys are using the same shampoo, you're using the same body wash. Like that's what my husband And I did. And that's gonna save you. What? Look at this now we have now a 493 bucks in margin. That's Excellent. So See what we're doing here, Janiah. We're trying to go, where can we find more margin and it becomes a fun game. So, I. Think your phone. You could do better there. That'll come down later.


Let's keep going down to lifestyle. We got union dues. I'm assuming we have to pay the union dues. Yes. I see a big one though that I'm, I got questions on it. And that's Xbox Live. Who's playing Xbox? That one's non-negotiable. Said Oh Who is it that for? That's for Skyler. Yeah. Okay. That is his, that is his decompress. Can I Ask a real question? As a man with a, with a baby, how does any father have time to play video games with a nine month old and a 2-year-old? Well they go to bed early enough and he is a night owl. He okay. He sleeps like he doesn't sleep Really? But yeah, that's his decompress. Okay. It's an $18 difference.


It's in the grand scheme of things singularly it doesn't make a huge deal. But if you have a lot of these little things they do add up. So we'll say, we'll call this your, your your one freebie. 'cause again they do add up. So if, which means We're cutting Spotify. Jene. That's right. Spotify. Then we Dropping down tonight. What we doing here? Can we cut it? Can we go Spotify free Pandora? Can we YouTube? Can we sing? Yeah. In the shower. I, I would say probably yes but we also pay for, it's the family plans. We have siblings on it. Who cares? Yeah. Tell them you're getting outta debt. Say, Hey guys, wait, If it's the family plan then y'all, they should be paying their fair share. Just talk to your family. Say, Hey guys, we're going down to like bare bones, we're trying to pay off this debt for this season.


We gotta get out of this. We're listening to our music on YouTube. So let's move past that one right quick. Okay George, before we go to the debt, one thing I did notice here, Janai is there's nothing for a cushion or miscellaneous, The catchall Category. And I. Kind of think that just to save your sanity, I'm gonna add it. Just, let's just add that on there because there's always something that pops up, right? It's like I, you Know's birthday, it's 50 bucks in there for Some catchall So we add that. I like that. So here's right now margin for the debt. We're at $443 and of course, now here's the debt. We looked at this And I, you've got three Cards, a timeshare, a car loan, a student loan.


I mean this is eating up $1,108 per month and That's with a $10 student loan payment, which tells me you're on a program where you're paying nothing. Yep. Which is probably good for now. This is, this Is where our income, I kind of referenced earlier is kind of funky because he works anywhere between 50 and 60 hours a week. But his, the contractor that he works for, it pays an incentive bonus of a hundred dollars a day. Okay. Just for showing up for work. So that's amazing. I want that. That's excellent. Yeah. So Before we run out time, I do wanna tell you this. Yeah. Before we run outta time right now your margin is at 4 43.


If he keeps getting these incentives and these bonuses, I want you to see if you can get that up to around a thousand dollars a month between the two of you combined. Because I ran out. Yeah, So I ran out the numbers on you guys' debt snowball. If you do it with the margin you have now it's gonna take you 35 months. But if you can find a thousand dollars in bonuses, side hustles and anything extra to add to that, it cuts it by 13 months. So down to what, less than two years? Yeah, 22 months. You can be completely debt free. And so Janai, thank you for letting us share this budget. I'm sorry we got, you know, busted on the time here. Yeah, but the key here is side hustle. Get it up a thousand dollars and you're gonna be on the debt free scream in 22 months.


This is The. Ramsey Show. Hey you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free.


Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.