
Live From Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Ramsey Personality George Campbell joined by Jade Warshaw bestselling author, and we are here to help you take the right next step for your life and your money. So give us a call at Triple eight Eight two five five two two five, and we'll try to get you the help and hope that you need. Jackie's gonna kick us off in New York City. What's going on, Jackie? Hi there. Hi everyone. What's going on? Well, I would love to be able to help my sister obtain a mortgage.


Since the death of my mom in August, he finds herself in a position of needing a place to live. I want her to move very close to me in the same town, hopefully. And unfortunately, because she was my mother's caretaker for the last six years, she did not have a, an income. Okay. My husband does not want to co-sign on a mortgage for her. Why not? I'm having a hard time with that. When he told you that, what did he tell you? He told me I'm 62 years old.


We just paid off our own home. I do not want my name on another mortgage for the rest of my life. I, I'm having a hard time with that as a reason because it's, it most likely would be a temporary situation. What do you mean temporary? Well, I would assume that once my sister is settled and with a job that she would be able to take over the mortgage, I guess refinancing and us, I guess getting his name off of that mortgage. How old is your sister? No, You're 62.


How old is she? She, I am actually 60. She is going to be 62 in February. Got You. Does she have income now? She has a very small pension that She is collecting on. She started that early because of leaving her latest job. And Does she have any money to her name? No. No. Jackie, do you see the writing on the wall that your husband sees you are taking on this mortgage for yourself? It's gonna stifle your ability to retire because you are gonna have to pay this entire mortgage. Yeah. Well, I'm Jackie, first off, I'm sorry that you lost your mom. You, it says on the screen that you live in New York.


What does it cost? I'm just trying to get my head around the numbers. I, I act, I'm sorry. I I actually don't live in New York. New York would be the biggest city closest to me. That was the question. So, So where you live, where you live? What is I live in New Jersey. Okay. And what does, what you're looking at, what does it cost As far as for her to buy a home? Well, I mean, you mean, or for her to live in a house that she needs or wants to, I mean, you're the one I would saying that you should buy her something. So I'm just trying to see what you guys have looked at that would suit her needs Her, her buying a home would be contingent upon selling the selling of my mom's house.


Sure. And what would you guys get for that? And I would say that pro, approximately between 80 and $90,000. I am one of seven, so we are all on the deed. So it's one seventh of, of the entire sale. And I have also agreed, because I'm not, Can I, can I clarify? Go ahead. Is the 90,001 seventh or is it the 97 90,000 split seven ways. I'm sorry. No, it's, it's 90,000 would be one, one seventh all of us would probably collect. Okay, got it. Possibly, yes. Okay. So we're, we're trying to sell the home now. So in other words, her, her obtaining a home close to me would be contingent upon the sale of my mom's house.


Sure. I have also agreed because I'm in a position where I, I don't work. I I don't have to, we're well set however I ask a question. Sure. If you want your sister to live very closely to you. 'cause that's, that's in one hand. And then you've got your husband who gets a vote saying, I do not wanna sign and co-sign for house. Which by the way, I agree with, I'm pretty sure George 100% agrees with too. What would it look like if she, could she stay with you guys for a while until she could, you guys set it a limit of time and say, Hey, we want you to live here, or we want you to live on this side of town or on this side of the country, whatever it is.


What if you stayed with us for four months or whatever you guys decide, talk to your husband, and until you get a job on this side of town, and then when you get a job, the house sales, you'll move into your own place. What would something like that look like? Probably not doable, simply because of the pet situation. There are two dogs and a cat that now one being my mom's pet and, and June, her my sister's dog as well. So Can she afford to take care of these pets? She, she can. I mean, right. I mean, are you asking me if she would give them up?


I'm not asking that. I'm saying, oh, okay. It sounds like she's broke and then these pets are adding an extra expense and now she's gonna jump into home ownership. I'm wondering if she can rent somewhere instead, why does it have to be she needs to buy her own house or else? Well, unfortunately, from what I understand about renting, having to meet so much criteria of having a job for the past six months, or that, Well, there's way more, let me tell you this. There's way more criteria needed to buy a home than to rent a home. To rent a home. Right? I wanna make sure basically that you can afford the rent and that way if you have debt to pay off or other things to get in place, you have the time to do that.


Whereas if you're going to buy, there's really quite a bit that needs to be in line first. And based on what you're saying, it doesn't sound like she has that in line, at the very least, being able to put a down payment, it sounds like she's quite far from that. And so Here's what I would do. I'll take, take her 90 and park it in a high yield savings account. Let her rent for a year in something that's, you know, an apartment, maybe a small home, if it's reasonable in your area. And then once she has income and has proven that she can make all of these on-time payments, maybe then you at least help her buy the home. Not financially, but just from a support standpoint, walking through all the pieces of it. But I would not intertwine your finances. If you want to gift her some money to do this, that's fine, but do not sign any piece of paper Because the truth is, think about, and I'm not saying this in any negative tone, but she hasn't worked for quite a while and she's 62 years old and she's moving to a new area of town and has to find not just a, a part-time job, but a job that is going to support her as a single woman.


And that could take some time. Right. Do you know, does she have any other debt or do you know anything else about her financial situation? No, I mean, she has no other major debt. She might have like maybe $300 in credit card. Sure. Debt. That's something that she pays the minimum balance on. Okay. Well, we're six month, the really at the bottom of this, Jackie, is we wanna make sure that she can sustain her own life and that you're not artificially propping her up for the rest of her life. Okay. Because that's not fair to her. She needs to learn how to become independent and kind of grieve the life that she had as a caretaker and go, all right, I gotta do this on my own now and I gotta pay my own bills.


And that means I'm gonna have to go to work Foreseeably who for no, who knows how long. She might have to work into her seventies at this point. And It's not fair to your husband either, because the truth is you guys have built a life together and it's allowed you to get to this point. And it's okay if he says, and he is smart for saying, I am 60, I'm 62, I don't wanna put my name on somebody else's debt. It's not smart to cosign for someone else's debt. And that's really what this comes down to. He knows you guys are be, are gonna have to pay that bill for the rest of your lives or eventually sell it. It's gonna cause more relational turmoil. So we need to figure out a way for her to do this on her own. Thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ Ramsey and get 15% off with promo code Ramsey field of greens.com/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Jade Warshaw. Open phones at Triple Eight Eight two five five two two five.


Well, today is 1111 Woo, also known as Singles Day. Do you know why I'm gonna guess the single digits. That's right. 1, 1, 1, 1. Yes. For A limited time only, If only it was 2011, we'd have 11. 11. 11 of an amazing. But apparently Jade, I'm finding this out for the first time. This is the largest shopping day in the world. And here at Ramsey we live, we love any excuse to give you guys a great deal for your Christmas gifts. So today only you can shop deals as low as $11. Nailed it. Our popular questions for humans Thanksgiving edition is at its lowest price of the season. 11, $11. Look at that. Imagine the joy and laughter that'll bring to your holiday gatherings. You'll be the hero of conversation and connection. Plus this year, skip the socks in the gift card aisle. Maybe get gifts that'll help your loved ones win with money, with work and with life. So check out the total total money makeover. That's the most straightforward plan to ditch debt, baby steps millionaires. If you wanna learn how to build wealth, building a non-anxious life with the six daily choices to create a more peaceful and joyful life. And Ken Coleman's get clear assessment where you can discover your top talents and passions to make your next career move. So $11 deals today, only November 11th. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're listening on YouTuber podcast, click the link in the description.


Dennis is up next in New York. New York. What's going on, Dennis? Hey. Hi George. Hi Jade. how are you guys doing? Great. How are you? I'm doing good. I'm into the program. I, I'm up to baby steps three. I'm, I'm raising my two to six months emergency fund. Awesome. Now, my question is for the next, as as I move forward, do I put the rest of the money I wanna save for a down payment? Do I put that in a high yield savings or can I put that in a low risk investment like SPY or something to let it grow? What's your time horizon for this purchase? Are you looking at buying a home in the next two years or six years?


No, at least five years minimum. Okay. If you're looking at a five year plus time horizon, you can invest it in something like a, you know, an index fund, mutual fund to help that money grow at a much higher rate than a high yield savings account. And the reason for that time horizon is if you're below that, if you're talking a year, two year, three years, there's a much higher chance you could lose money right before you go to make that purchase. So five years plus we've seen in the market, you're likely going to make money. And so that's a, that's a great move. If you're talking five years out, how much are you looking to save up Here in New York? It's probably expensive for a house, like 600 minimum. So I don't know. Like and I didn't map it out exactly, but You're probably looking at a six figure down payment.


Yeah. How much can you save each year based on your current income? Current income? About 13, 14,000 A year. Yeah. Okay. But, so if you get aggressive, could you save 20 grand a year for five years? With that invested, you'll have a healthy six figure down payment. Yeah. That'll get you there. I, Yeah, I'm gonna have to up my income a little bit and then Over five years I think so. I mean, I Know. Well, I would hope your income goes up. What do you do for work? I'm in financial healthcare services. Awesome. What do you make Financial healthcare right now? About 65.


65. Okay. Yeah, I mean that's a, that's a great income. But for New York City, that's tough. It's a very, it's an ultra high cost of living area. And so I would try to up your income, that would be my goal to get that core income up over these next five years while I aggressively try to save as much of my income as possible. Alright. That's the goal, man. That's the goal. I hope that helps. Not easy in New York City, Jade, I mean, people call from California or New York and they go, Hey, your housing parameters don't work. And we go, the math isn't broken. The, the math of your reality is broken where you wanna buy a $600,000 home, but you make 60 K's. Yeah. That's, I'm hoping he lives outside the city in somewhere, you know?


Yeah. In the Suburbs. Yeah. I mean, I got, I got a lot of friends out there and they live in the, you know, suburb of New Jersey and they commute in. Yeah. And, you know, it's a, it's a good life. Yeah. If you wanna be a homeowner, that's kind of the game you have to play. 100%. And yeah. Especially making sure that, that that payment is no more than 25%. That's a key Key Yes. Piece of this. Because If, if you make four grand a month and your payment is 2,500 a month, you're not gonna be able to survive No. And pay for anything else. No. Tom is in Seattle Up next, what's going on, Tom? Hi. Hey, thanks for taking my call. I, I just need your, your opinion and, and if you can gimme some guidance on the following. Come on Tom. Huh? I said, come on, let's hear it. She was Excited for crossing. I'm excited.


Okay, good. I'm, I'm 61 years old. I'm gonna retire in four years. Our son graduated with a degree in chemistry two years ago. He, his company has told him that he needs a degree in engineering, which he wants to pursue. So it's gonna be two years full-time and I. I know he can do it, but my, my question is, you know, my wife and I paid for everything on the first degree. How much assistance do we give him? It's up to you. You don't have to give, you don't have to give him any. And that's the thing I want you to walk away from this, from, if you guys have it to give and it makes sense with the plan that you've created.


Yeah. You can decide what that is. But being paying, paying for education, especially paying for it in full really is a privilege. And it's something that you get to decide if you wanna do it or if you don't wanna do it. And there's no guilt if you say, I don't wanna do this. But you do need to have that conversation. It needs to be really clear. and I would be very forthcoming on ways that he could pay for it himself so that he doesn't go into debt. and I think that's the most important thing that you could do is say, debt is no, is not on the table, and it shouldn't be on the table for you. However, your mother and I are only gonna pay for X percent or 0% or whatever you guys decide.


What are you thinking about? You know, I'm just, I'm, I'm kind of lost because he just, it he kinda sprung this on us. Yeah. You know, I think, you know, we've got, we're debt free house is paid for. Nice. We got six, about 600 in Iris and 4 0 1 Ks, another four 50 in cash and mutual funds. What's your house worth? House is worth about 300 to three 20. Okay. And, you know, household income right now is about 185. Oh wow. great job.


Could you, If you wanted to do this, could you cash flow it as part of your budget versus taking money out of your investments or savings? Yeah, I think so. With, with my work, it's, you know, it's, it's a draw versus, or it's a, a draw against commission. So I get four big settlements a year. Okay. What's it gonna cost? So I, I am thinking 40 to $50,000. And when you say he just sprung this on you, what, what does that mean? When did he, when did he say it? Oh, like two weeks ago. Listen, he, he'd sat, he, he'd had a, had a talk with his, his boss who just kind of waited on the line for Him.


Well, can I, can I be honest? Yeah. I think it's ridiculous that the employer's not paying for this. If Dave Ramsey said, Hey, we want you to do this job, it's gonna require this degree. Go get it, son. Go pay 50 grand. I'm not doing that. Usually if the employer wants you to do it, they're going to foot the bill for it. That's a really good point. Yeah. There's another point that I'm thinking of, which is, I'm trying to put this in a delicate way because if, if it was sprung on him, then I can see why he's springing it on you. But there's also a part of it that, ah, to just be like, Hey, I need $50,000, makes me feel like maybe he doesn't understand just how much money that is. And it might be good for him to pay for a good chunk of this and feel that so that it's not just, oh, I can just up and get the degrees I need.


I, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, I don't know your son. You do. But there's part of that that I do want him to understand. This is a lot of money. Money. It is. Like our parents told us, money doesn't grow on trees. Like you have to go out and it what happens, happens. What happens if he tells the boss, Hey, I can't afford $50,000 for this degree. What's gonna happen? Well, okay, the, the way they, the way they put it to him is that, hi, his career, his future with the company of progressing is limited without a degree in engineering. Okay. And so did He know that when he stepped into this role? No, he did not. And he's, he has been, he's the company he works for is a very well known worldwide electronics manufacturer.


Got, okay. I might, I mean, and it might be time for a career change where the ladder's higher while keeping his chemistry degree. I don't know. But I would not just foot the bill for this without doing a lot more research and pushing back. So there's some conversations to be had with his boss and then he with you. And we gotta figure out if we're gonna do this, and if we're gonna do it, we gotta do it debt free. Thanks for the call, Tom. This is The Ramsey Show.


If you're like most people, your financial and personal documents are scattered all over, making it hard to find a specific account number or password when you need it. And even harder for our loved ones when we pass away. One key to having a healthy financial life is being able to access your information and knock box makes that simple knock box. NOK as in next of Ken, is a complete system that helps you organize your important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place. Knock box saves your family the trouble of tracking down random scraps of paper or hacking into your laptop. So don't add headaches to their heartache. Start getting organized today by visiting knock box.com/ Ramsey. That's n okay box.com/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Open phones at Triple Eight Eight two five five two two five. Before we get to the phones, today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi, Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans, defaulted meaning when the borrower can't make the required payment. So if that describes you and you've got private student loans, contact Why Refi, they can offer you a low fixed rate loan built for you. To help you get out of this, go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY today. That's the letter. YREF YT com slash Ramsey may not be available in all states. All righty. Today's question comes from Antonio in Washington, DC He says, I'm 26, finally graduated as an electrical engineer, and I'm about to start working in 2025.


So I'm trying to plan out what happens in the next year. One of those concerns is leaving my parents home and finding my own place. Good for you. My worry, however, is that I am not sure if I should do this by renting or by buying a space. I know the consensus is never rent, but I see it as a stepping stone of sorts. A place of your own while not being able to comfortably purchase a property yet. Very smart. This is considering the mortgage, the maintenance, taxes, et cetera. My idea is to rent for one to three years while I build my career and income streams and then consider buying a small property to call home. Is this the correct way of thinking or are there things I'm not thinking of? Antonio, I think you hit the nail on the head. He's spot on. You're a smart dude.


Like this Is, he thinks he's the crazy one. In reality, everyone else is crazy. Okay. For telling you that renting is a waste of money. You need to buy, buy, buy, buy, buy. Bye bye. Bye. Full n sync on this one. I know, thank you. thank you George for the setup. He's, He's spoken like a true electoral engineer. I know. He's like, I don't the mathematics, they're not computing. You're like, you're right. You're right Antonio. You don't need to buy a house just because you're out of mom and dad's rent for a while. Get outta debt, get the emergency fund in place. Get a nice healthy down payment. And then once you feel ready financially and emotionally, go ahead and, and buy a small property to call home, as he says. Very Good There. And here's the other thing, you don't know what's gonna happen with relationships in the meantime. You might get married and she decides, I hate this little house that you bought Uhoh.


That that's what happens. Wouldn't never value you. So I think it's wise to wait and see a little bit. As you know, there's nothing wrong with buying a house at 29 instead of 26 or even 35 instead of 30. Well, the good news is we've got a real estate home base for him waiting on him when he's ready. And it's waiting on you too. If you're thinking about pulling the trigger on a home, we've got a wonderful real estate home base. You can find it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. They can actually help you if you're buying or selling whatever your real estate needs are. It's a nice little hub there that has everything you're looking for. That's Right. Including, you know, there's tools, resources, calculators, articles, but I also did a course Jade. Yeah. On for first time home buyers. Tell Me more. Check that out. Well there's, I walk through, you know, little, little quick videos to help you understand what it's gonna take.


What all the pieces of the process are. Oh, I love a video. It's the course I, which I had before I bought my first home. I love a video. It's different when you hear somebody saying it versus trying to read it. I don't know why when it comes to things that have those, that many details. Oh yeah. Videos and our team did a great job making it visual, making it clear, helping you understand all the, what the heck is escrow, what's going on there. We break it down for you. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate to get access to all of those resources. You probably made it funny too. We tried, there was a men in black reference that I'm very proud of in that, including VHS tapes. So, you know, I've gotta make it fun. If I'm involved, I wanna pigeonhole myself as the guy who cannot be boring. Good job. That's what I try to do. All right, let's go to the phones.


Matt is in Baltimore, How. can We help Matt? Hi guys, big fan. Great to be on with you. You as well. So I am currently debt free. Myself and I am working on paying off about $41,000 of my wife's debt. Okay. Now We split everything down the middle making minimum payments. But I am a disabled veteran and I work part-time. So I have a little extra money in my pocket about 12,000, I'm sorry, 1200 a month. Okay. Which I spread loads between my son's college fund, a down payment on a house and building my reti or building my emergency fund.


Okay. Ah, So my ques, so my question is whether you think it's smarter to spread loan, my extra unspoken for income across different savings accounts, or if you think I should attack each thing individually. Well, first off, it's Veteran's Day, so thank you for your service. Yes, absolutely. Every day of, of the year. We're appreciative of that. What you said, I know you have another question there, but what you said about you and your wife kind of threw me off from the very beginning to be quite honest. When you said that you're debt free, but your wife isn't, that was kind of a, like my signals went off because here we really, really believe in combining money and doing that if you're a married couple.


So my question is, how long have you and your wife been married? So me and my wife have been married about four years. Okay. And that problem kind of became twofold. One of which is she wasn't really handing her finances very well and she hid debt from me until very recently. Okay. And we don't share one bank account, we just, we just combine it for all the household bills. So you pay half of her minimum payments? Yes. And then she pays half of all household bills. You pay half. Yes. Do you guys make the exact same amount of money? So I make more with my benefits.


Okay. And so I try to, I try to help out with a, a majority of it. But Doesn't that feel unfair though, if she doesn't make the same exact amount, but you're splitting things equally? I feel like if I'm her, I'm going, Hey, this isn't fair. I'm paying two grand outta my three. You're paying two grand outta your four. You know, do you see how like, there, there could be some relational problems with that? Some resentment. Yeah. What So we, she has, she has, you know, we have the household bills. She has her personal car, that's 16,000. Then she had to consult, get a consolidation loan to cover 25,000. So she's paying for her car and I'm paying the insurance and I'm paying half of her debt.


What, when you told me earlier that she was hiding, I have actually have two questions for you. When you told me earlier that she was hiding debt from you, I wanna know how much she hid and how long that went on. Then I wanna know what you guys have done to rebuild trust. Because what I don't want is, depending on what you tell me, there could be a situation where I understand that you guys have, if, if you've been working with a counselor, maybe there's a separation going on. But I also want to know what you guys are doing to rebuild that trust. So she had, you know, various credit cards for, for buying product as well as lifestyle payments. Like just regular, regular payments that she was putting all on a credit card and then just paying the minimum payment.


And how much was that to the tune of, like what type of debt did that rack up? So that ended up racking up about $25,000. Okay. And that's the consolidation To get all, to get all that consolidated and pay off all her cards. How, How did you find out about it? Did she tell you or you discovered it? So a little bit of both. Basically what had happened was, you know, the rent goes up, the daycare goes up, things like that. And she came to me saying she couldn't pay her half anymore. So I went over her finances to see where the trouble was or what we could cut out. and I realized she had about, you know, $300 a month payment spread across like four different cards. Got You. And so what'd you guys do?


You went to counseling? No, I took the consolidation loan out to pay everything off to make her solve it. And then splitting that, it's about 400 change a month. Cuts her half down to about 200 a month. Okay. So she's paying that off about Two a month. So she's extra but you're not. Listen, that's great. I, if you notice, I, I have veered completely away from your monetary questions because I care mostly about your marriage and it bothers me that what this is telling me is you still don't trust her because this thing happened, which is a big deal by the way. I'm not minimizing that at all. But it's caused you to say, oh my gosh, you did this without me knowing you're not good with your finances. I don't really trust you.


So we're gonna keep it separate. I'm gonna control my half, you control your half and I'll also chip in. Right? So there's this, this is not a good way going forward. And my, my encouragement to you is don't let it go on like this. You guys need to get with a counselor and figure out how to mend this so that you can be back on the same page again. Because it's very hard to accomplish a singular goal when you're on two different paths. and I want you guys on the same path so that you can combine, you can support each other. There's no kind of like animosity, there's no resentment, there's no on her end, there's no guilt. 'cause once she said, Hey, I did this, I'm sorry. Please forgive me, she's not gonna be, you guys aren't gonna be able to move forward until she knows, okay, this guy, we're back on the same page.


There's trust there again. And I'm not saying that that's gonna happen overnight, but I want you to work towards that. Marriages are either growing together or they're growing apart. and I wanna see more unity. I wanna see you make progress with your marriage and your money. And that's gonna take unity. That's going to take one bank account, one budget. We're getting out of our debt. This is we not us. And you and me. One bank. That's how to do it right. One sound. Thanks for the call. Happy Veterans Day. This is The Ramsey Show.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and riders and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr. Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xander.com for instant online quotes.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George, she's Jade. We're here to help you with your life and your money. Call us at triple eight, Eight two five five two two five. Linda is up next in Madison, Wisconsin. Linda How, can We help? Hi. Thanks. I'm glad to get, be able to get some really good advice. I have a pretty difficult situation. My question is, what is the best strategy for me to pay off my debts, given my current circumstances? What are your s what are they? Yeah, so I'm 58 and I was diagnosed with cancer two years ago. Oh my goodness.


What kind? Yeah, I'm doing well, praise God. Uterine cancer. Mm wow. Came, you know, blindsided. Of course. So I was a, making really good money as a veterinarian and you know, working on trying to save a nest egg when all this happened. And because of everything I decided to take an early retirement and I was fast tracked onto full social security disability. Okay. In 2022. So, but unfortunately I hadn't saved a large nest egg, you know, by this time.


What, for retirement, What did you have? Well, well right now this is, this is where I'm at. Okay. I, I own a house, my home. No, no mortgage. Good. It's a brand new construction house. So I literally just moved in. Nice. I, Yeah, what's it worth? That's Another story. I haven't had it appraised, but I'm thinking I could probably get two 50 for It. Okay. And you live alone? I live alone. No kids. I own my car. So are you debt free Completely? No. So this is, no, this is, my fear is I do have approximately $35,000 in debt right now.


Of which 24,000 is on a credit card that I had used where I went over budget on the house. About 3,900 is for special medical care and supplements on a credit card. Neither of those credit cards are credit. They're interest free right now. Okay. But, but that will end next June. The medical and then the credit card that you're putting the medical stuff on, is that an ongoing expense that you're using that for or was it kind of a one time deal? One time deal. Okay. So I'm done with that.


And then I, unfortunately I had to have a high deductible insurance Yeah. In 2024. So now I'm gonna have a total of, right now I'm at 7,100 of medical bills that are gonna be coming due next year. Okay. And my complete and entire life savings is 97,500. Okay. And so my question is, what strategy would you recommend I use to pay off this debt and rebuild savings or work on that? Okay. How much do you have in savings? You know, should I, where where's the 97,000 stored?


I have it in a high yield savings account at 4.8% interest at this time. Okay. So you could pay off all of your debt today using that money? Correct. It would just leave you with less than savings. That would still be a fully funded emergency fund? Correct. How are you doing with your And it would be living expenses for Well, I was gonna, so my living expenses are quite low. Yeah. Except for I, I actually spend a lot on groceries and supplements. Yeah. Because I have to buy, you know, organic stuff. Yeah. Food and brass fed is and All that. What's your SDI income? What is your total income each month?


3,117. And what are your monthly bills if you exclude the debt payments you need to make, let's say you were debt free today, how much would your total expenses be per month? So my total expenses are coming out around 2,500. Okay, good. That's without the debt. Without the debt. So let's say you took your, your 97 in savings, you subtracted your 35 in debt, you were debt free tomorrow, less stress better for your health, that leaves you with 62,000 for your emergency fund, correct? Yes. And then you'd be able to cover all your bills with about 600 bucks left over.


What's your right, what's your out-of-pocket max every year for your insurance? Well, starting on January 1st I'm gonna be on Medicare. Okay. So that'll help. I have a very, that'll help. and I, it's only, it'll be 255 a month and they cover a lot. I mean, I'm gonna still have some copays and things, but That'll be life changing for you. I should, that is part of that 2,500. Okay, good. So if Linda, if I was in your shoes truthfully, I would get rid of this debt today. Today using your savings. I know it's gonna knock it down. I know it's your life savings, but that's also gonna free up 600 bucks.


So you could put in a savings account to add to that, to start to cover some of these Expenses. That's what I was wondering. And the, I mean, the risk here is you gotta live off of 3,100 bucks for the rest of your life. Right. Do they have a, a cost of living increase each year with that? They do. You know, it's based on the government, but they do have a cost of living increase. I mean, technically I could, I I'm trying to make it work. I could get a part-time job or something. I mean, I'm not completely disabled, but I'm trying not to do that because one, it's just more stress on me. Yeah. And two, if I don't have long Enjoy, I would be focusing on your house right now.


For sure. Enjoy. What, what is the prognosis? You know, is there a way you beat this? What does the doctor say? Well, originally it was bad. I mean, I was like, that was bad. You know, we're talking about grade three, stage four. Wow. So I was an overachiever right out, right out the gate. But I am on immunotherapy, which has been just a game changer. Lifesaver. I'm in complete remission. Whoa. And I'm doing everything like I'm doing wonderful. All the naturopathic stuff that you can Look at, You imagine. Yeah. We are so glad to hear That. Wow, Linda, that's great. Yeah. And I truly think that debt has a physical weight on our bodies.


and I, I think when you pay this off today, you are going to feel so much better emotionally, physically, mentally, spiritually, all of it. And then I Yeah. Your Job is to get on an EveryDollar budget. I worry that you were gonna say, oh my gosh, you like failed epically because No, No. I'm so far behind the, Here, Linda, Linda, there's always, there's always a measure of peace that can be achieved. Always. Always. And you've got actually, you know, you've, you have the money to do exactly what George said. You can be debt free, you've got a paid for house to be able to say that is amazing. You've got paid for cars, you've actually accomplished quite a bit.


You may have done it in a roundabout way, but the most important thing is you're healthy and you've got your life Back. Exactly. And beyond that, now we gotta make sure we're living on less than we make. We're on a written budget, we have margin left over. Yeah. Instead of being right to the line every month. And that's what's gonna happen when you pay off this debt and that extra 600 bucks. Yeah. We need to just keep living like that didn't exist. Let's pile away into savings, maybe even investing long term. You can jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com and get in touch with a smart investor pro who can teach you how to invest this money. So instead of a 4% rate of return in your savings, you could get 12%. I mean, this year we've seen 38% returns in the market, Linda. Wow. So your money could grow for you. I mean, you, you, you know, if you continue to, to live a healthy life, you know, 30 years from now, I wanna see this money grow for you to have an even better retirement than you thought Possible.


And you know, based on what you said, I probably would encourage you to start working part-time again. That's definitely not gonna hurt you financially. It's gonna help you financially and if you're healthy enough to do it, it'll give you some great purpose as well. So Yeah. Yeah. I I I'm just trying to enjoy every day right now and I am enjoying everything. Yeah. That'll change your perspectives. I Just really needed this advice. I'm so glad I got to talk to you because it's been weighing on me like, you know, all these different ways I could go about it. But I've been watching your shows and learning a lot and I, you know, I've got my written budget, I've got, I've got things down to the penny, you know, I know exactly what's going on.


So, well, Linda, hang on the line. We're gonna send you a whole year of EveryDollar so that you can budget the Ramsey way and get over this as soon as you're outta debt today. It's gonna feel so good, man. Linda, what? What a Lady. That's the gift I'd be giving myself. Wow. Going through what she's going through and has gone through. I want a life of freedom. Okay. Get rid of those brain calories and replace 'em with something much better. Linda, we are cheering for you. We hope you continue to have good health and call us back if you need any help. This is The Ramsey


Show. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the app store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today


From Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by Jade Warshaw and we're taking your calls at triple eight Eight two five five two two five. If you want to talk about your life and your money, this is the show for you. If you're looking for something else, I don't know why you're here, but we're glad you're here. Glad you're here. Stick around. Maybe you'll enjoy it. Mackenzie kicks us off in Pittsburgh. How can We help today? Hi, how's it going? Great, How are you? I'm well, thank you. So I had a quick question. My husband and I, we bought a house in 2020 for an extremely low price and we got a really good interest rate on it.


3%. It's not in the area that we would like to stay long term, but we are in debt so we're not planning on moving right now. My question is, would it be wise to sell our house and because of the market and the work that we've done to it, we would make a significant amount of money off of it. How much we are, we bought it for 70,000 and we are estimating 140,000 selling it and we owe 65 on it currently. Okay. What kind of debt? Oh, So we have obviously the $65,000 mortgage we owe $27,000 on one car, 11,000 on another and 70 owner student loans combined.


What's your household income? 166,000. That is new. That started happening in September. Awesome. Great income. So let's, let's walk through two scenarios. One is you stay in the house and you aggressively pay off the debt. How quickly making 166, could you pay off a hundred grand in debt? I mean pretty quickly Two years, 50 KA year. Yeah, I would say that's definitely possible. Okay. The other part of that is my parents are moving and they are looking to rent out their house now that they're currently living in and they're moving into another. So I was thinking what if we rented my parents' home and then use the income from our home to pay off almost everything.


We would just have a little bit of student loans left and we could get that paid off in like a few months. Do you like the house? Do you like your house that you live in? I like our house, but I don't particularly like the area we live in town and I wanna be somewhere more secluded so in the future we do plan on moving. Okay. Can I a I'm gonna ask a question. I know it's gonna be hard to handle answer, but just try your best. Yeah. If you didn't have this debt, right, if there was no $109,000 of debt, would you be so pressed to leave or rent right now to get outta that area?


No, but we would definitely be looking for a house. You'd be looking. Okay. I'm trying to, what I'm trying to assess is if this is feeling like a, a way to get out of debt quickly and kind of avoid pain but possibly at the expense of, I mean you've got some nice equity in this house and doing things that you wouldn't normally do like rent because in your situation you shouldn't necessarily have to rent again if you wanted to move to a different house, that's just what I'm looking at. If you sell the house, you're probably gonna get about 60 k after paying off the mortgage and realtor fees and closing. Okay. So you're gonna knock out a little over half the debt, which is great and you'll knock out the rest of the debt in a year.


So really what we're talking about here is one year difference. If you stay in the house, it's gonna take you a year longer. If you sell the house, it's gonna take you one year shorter. So it's up to you. This is not an on fire situation where I go, you gotta sell the house. That's, that's a drastic last ditch effort to get out a bad situation. Nothing is on fire here. Your mortgage payment is probably not that large compared to your amazing income. Yeah, I I I probably wouldn't do it if I were in your shoes. I think that the idea to get outta that area, I think that's good and I think it's in your head but I don't, I'm with George. I don't think it's on fire and I like when people walk through this process, especially when we're talking about cars that we can't afford, it's, it's just a good lesson in okay, this is what it really costs me.


I can actually feel the cost of 27 and 11 and $70,000. It's An insurance policy to never go into debt again. Yeah. When you sacrifice to pay it off over two years and honestly one year after that you could pay off the mortgage if you continue down that path. So now we're talking about three years from now we'll be completely debt free including the house. That gives us a lot of options when we move And your motives just change. I mean truly we don't realize how much debt kind of pushes our motives forward and then when it's gone it's like, oh wait a minute, things look different now. And so there's part of that that I'd like for you to experience. 'cause I really think that right now even this debt is clouding your motive slightly, but George is right.


Sitting on a paid for house makes you think of the whole thing a lot differently. And so I'd like for you to be able to experience the the situation that you're in debt free. And I'd also love for you to build up the habits to keep it that way by paying this off. What are you guys paying for your mortgage right now? $590 a month. Amer America is mad at you right now. I just wanna let you know we're not happy way to go. What would your parents charge rent if you move to their place? I mean, I don't know the exact number. I'm guessing because of the area, it'd probably be about 1200 a month. Wow. So you're paying way less now. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't, I don't think the juice is worth the squeeze on this one just to get you outta debt a little bit faster.


I would use that amazing income. Live on little of it as you can to cover the bills and throw the rest of the debt. I mean with a $590 mortgage, you guys should have a lot of this money. It's a lot of mor money. That's a lot, lot of margin left over with that. 166 grand. Yeah. And we've been paying off debt. We had about like $12,000 in credit card debt that we paid off and we're starting to work on and like attack these things. But I got a little excited thinking we could expedite it. How long is exciting too? When you look at all the ways you could get at it debt faster, but selling the house, that's a big one with a lot of numbers on the end. Can I take you to task a minute? How long did it take you to pay off the 12,000 in credit card debt? So it was kind of a process.


We actually, we have a 1-year-old and we initially were going to go like gazelle intensity and then I found out I was pregnant and I was not going to get a paid maternity leave. So we paused. Okay. Decided to save for my maternity leave. So I would say it took us maybe like four months to pay off her credit card. But this was after. After the baby? Yes. Yes. Correct. Okay. 'cause she's one years old. My point is, and I, like I said, I'm taking you to task. My point is, I don't think you guys have, I truly don't think you've been willing to embrace what it will take to pay this off.


you have a great income and I, I want you to see that it's gonna cause a level of discomfort to do this. and I think before you were searching for a way that it wouldn't be discomfort. It's like, okay, we could sell this house. Oh, just move my parents' house. That'll be better. And so I don't want you to search from place to place to find how this is going to be the most, how it will give you the most comfort to do this because you may end up putting yourself in a worse situation trying to do that. Like paying double for rent than you are for a mortgage that can be paid off in a year. So that's kind of what I wanna leave you with is you will feel this. I would, I would just stay put where you are, Mackenzie.


I mean you guys are bringing home probably 10 grand a Month. Yeah. About, So think about this. If you can live off of five and put the other five toward debt, that's 60 grand a year in debt. Pay off. Wow. You're done in less than two years. That's some napkin math to get you excited about this. And that's no side hustles. Yeah, that's without doing anything extra. I could live off five grand. We could do this. So that's what my goal is. Sit down with your husband tonight doing EveryDollar budget and go. Okay. We make 10 grand. It's disappearing right now into a little bit of laziness, a little bit of comfort. Let's really get on this thing and be done in 18 months. Let's have a big, hairy, audacious goal so that we can move on with our life and have our our home and our dream location one day. This is The Ramsey Show


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill Mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee


3 7 0 2 7.


Today Is 1111 Singles Day. It's just another made up holiday, but we're using it as an excuse to give you unbelievable holiday deals. We're offering our bestselling books for just $11. Whether you're prepping for Christmas or starting your financial journey, you'll find deals on the total money makeover, building a non-anxious life and so much more. Don't miss this chance to save big at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions


dot com slash store. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. Open phones at Triple Eight Eight two five five two two five. Well, tax day isn't until April, but there are some really important moves you can make before the end of the year that will affect what you owe. And we're all about trying to help you pay the government less legally. Respect. I feel like I have to put My, Respectfully, my spectacles on for this. We're about to get nerdy, but so that we got seven quick tips. We're gonna make this painless and you might even learn something. So what's tip number one, Jade? All right. Number one, check your paycheck withholding. That's a good one. The goal is not to, the goal is to not have a big refund. That just means you're overpaying to the government, right?


Every single month you're giving them too much. So you need to adjust your withholding to get as close to zero as possible. And again, I'm saying that you do not want a tax refund every year. That's what we're talking about here. If you're Getting like we get our three grand refund every year, you just gave the government an interest free loan that should be coming back into your paycheck every month to the tune of almost 300 bucks a month. Next tip, income is taxed only in the year you receive it. So if you can defer any income until January 1st or later to save on this year's tax bill. So you might be self-employed and you've got vendors that are paying you. You might say, Hey, can you pay me January 1st? And that way I have less income this year that will be taxed. That's one way to do it. Interesting. If you employer allows that a caveat, consider whether that extra income will push you into a higher tax bracket next year.


So if you kind of know what next year is looking like, yeah. You can figure out what's gonna happen there. It's good to note though, that the way the tax brackets work, if you are pushed into a higher tax bracket, your whole income is not gonna be taxed at that rate. Yes. Just the amount that places you into that bracket, if that makes sense. Which is Worth noting. So if you hit the 22% bracket, well you're not paying 22% on the entire amount. That's right. It's just on an amount over a certain, so that, that's a helpful tip. People think, I don't wanna make more Jade, I'm scared. I'm like, no, you're not paying that much more in taxes. Making More money is a good thing. Yes, please. Okay, keep going. What's the next one? Alright, number three, let's save by contributing more to tax advantage Retirement accounts. You know what I'm talking about?


4 0 1 Ks. 4 0 3 Bs. IRAs. That could be traditional. You wanna do these, you wanna do traditional 4 0 1 Ks and traditional IRAs that are funded with pre-tax dollars. Okay. So that you can write off the contributions as a deduction. That's right. You can't deduct like a Roth 401k contribution. Right. You've already paid taxes on it. That's But the That's right. Pre-tax stuff. The traditional side, you can save some money there in your taxes. Yep. Next one. If you're 73 or older, you can withdraw. You need to withdraw from traditional retirement accounts to avoid penalty. True that. So these are required minimum distributions, RMDs, as they call it on the biz. And there's a minimum you have to withdraw every year. And here's why the government wants their piece.


So if you've got these traditional accounts that have been sitting there, the government's like, Hey, when are you gonna take money out to pay us taxes? Yeah. They want that taxes money. Best believe it. Another reason why I love the Roth, you already paid the taxes, so there's no RMDs on that. Yeah. I had somebody, this is a sidebar. I had somebody on social media, George, that was like, Hey, my, my plan is I do all traditional and I'm just, when I just, before I retire, I'm gonna go back through and convert it all to Roth. and I was like, wait, wait, wait, wait. You're gonna have the biggest tax bill of all time. Yeah. Of all time. Yeah. It was a scary thing. I hope she read my comment. Yeah. Would Not recommend. Oh boy. Okay. What's the next one? All right. The next one is, let's use gift tax. The gift tax exclusion to avoid filing a gift tax return.


For instance, if your gift is greater than the gift tax exclusion amount, the remainder goes towards lifetime gift exclusion. That's So I believe it's like, I don't know, 17 grand per per person. Person Per child or whatever. Per, per. So you can really move a lot of money around and gift it without ever needing to file for that life. You know, gift exclusion, lifetime, which is millions and millions of dollars. That's right. This really does not apply to a whole lot of people out there. Alright, next one. Take advantage of tax deductions and credits. Now we've all heard about deductions and credits, but you can really reduce your taxable income by doing a bunch of things. So for example, paying property tax in full by December 31st. You could write off property taxes when you file, if you pay your January mortgage bill early before December 31st, you can deduct the interest portion of that payment making charitable contributions to receive deductions.


Keep that list there. There's EV tax credits you can file for energy efficient home upgrades. So there's a lot of things you can do, but this is really for those that itemize, which, yeah, because of the 2017 Trump tax cuts, the standard deduction almost doubled for everyone. Right? So it made way more sense for people to do standard deduction versus itemize. So less and less people are doing that. Are you a tax deduction or credits? I like a credit. Ooh. Well, you know, I feel like the, the deduction will lower your taxable income. The credit is taking some money off the bill. Yeah, I kind of like that. It Feels better to get the money taken off the back end of the bill. It Feels like a coupon. Yeah. Or like some sort of a deal. and I don't know why, But I'm not eligible for a lot of credits these days.


Me neither. You know, so it, it's fine. Last, last. All right, number seven. Go to this last. Okay. We just talked about this. Converting retirement accounts to Roth has its tax advantages. You'll get tax free growth on your retirement savings, which we talked about in tax free withdrawals at retirement. The thing is, when you're gonna do this, we really say this should be like a baby step seven activity. Yes. Because again, you're gonna, you're paying tax bill, it cost you money. Yeah. And depending on how much you had in traditional accounts that you're converting over, it could be, you know, decent. Definitely something to plan For. you have to, yeah. So you're better off using that money toward getting the home paid off. Right. And all that. That's why it's a baby step seven thing to do. And that's why you need to do a healthy mix throughout the years.


That's right. And one final bonus tip for you, connect with the RAMSEY Trusted Tax Pro. These are the folks that can help you do things the RAMSEY way. They're not gonna tell you to do stupid stuff like go buy a hundred thousand dollars car because it's a write off. Our Ramsey trusted tax pros are not gonna steer you in a bad direction. They're gonna help you save the most money and do it by the book and take out all the jargon and confusion and stress out of the taxes. So if you have questions, reach out to a tax pro Ramsey Solutions dot com slash taxes. They'll help you save money on taxes now and in the future. All right. Was that quick and painless? I felt a little, I Feel like It was, I felt a little discomfort, but Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't fun, but it wasn't painful either. That's right. No pain. Some, you know, some weirdo out there enjoyed that.


Some accountant, some spreadsheet loving guy was like, yeah, let's go. Alright, let's go to Fort Worth, Texas up next. Kara joins us there. What's going on Kara? Hi. I, my husband and I just found out recently that my parents are in a bit of debt and don't have really any savings. And both of them are living on a fixed income due to medical diagnosis that leave them on disability and social security for their income. Wow. And just wanted to know the best way to help them out of that. We found out just recently that that debt had been enrolled in a debt relief program.


Oh boy. Okay. So it was almost $40,000 that was enrolled last year and year to date. Now I think of these seven different debts, three of them are settled in payments made. Two of them have reached an agreement and are in progress on making those payments. But unfortunately the last two are the largest, totaling almost $25,000 less that are in advanced negotiations. and I believe a lawsuit has been, oh man, Filed For, for that. What is their income?


So income with, so, so they're both on social security due to disability and there's also some long-term disability coming in that totals about 5,500 a month. Okay. So that's their fixed income. And what are their monthly expenses? So they do still have a mortgage that's about 1650 a month. They're currently making payments to the debt relief program of about six 50 a month. And then everything else, bills and, and food comes out to total, including the mortgage and the debt release program comes out to about right at right at the, the 5,500.


It's, it's comes pretty close every month. Okay. Have you had a conversation with 'em, which is Part of Where the saying, Hey mom and dad, you're broke. Here's like, let's look at the numbers. Do you see the reality of your situation? Have you had that conversation? Yeah. So that, that's where the conversation started is, I mean, my parents are scared of, yeah. Are you guys in a place to help them financially? Like if you were to cover the 25 grand they owe to get out of this lawsuit and be cl, could you just gift that to them? We do have money available like that is sitting in a non-retirement investment account that could be used to essentially pay that off.


I don't know the process of what, What baby step. Oh, I was gonna ask her what baby step she's on, but that's Okay. We're getting to the line. This is a tough one. If you want to gift it to help them outta the situation and then say you're never going to debt again. There's, there's gonna be some strings attached if we do this. Yeah. But otherwise they're gonna have to do this on their own and use their income to do it. Which means lowering their lifestyle and potentially trying to do some part-time work, which might be difficult with their situation. No easy answers here, that's for sure. No, this is The. Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/


RAMSEY. Alright, let's cut to the chase.


It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. RAMSEY trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions


dot com slash agent. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade Warshaw from time to time. We have some guests that wanna celebrate their debt-free journey. They come visit us here at our headquarters in Nashville, Tennessee. And Brooks and Shannon have chosen to do that. Welcome guys. Thanks For having us. thank you. This is exciting. Where are you from? Dillsburg, Pennsylvania. Just outside of Harrisburg State Capital. Awesome. And how much debt did you pay off? We paid 145,000. Whoa. Whoa. Tell us more. 'cause I have a feeling This is great news. All right. How long did this take? Six months. Six months. And what was your range of income during that time?


62,000 to 144,000. Okay. I got a lot of questions here that has a lot to pay off in six months. Yeah. That it was. What did you pay off? Well, there's about $35,000 for the food truck for the business. Nice. And then You're looking at weird people's People's you paid off the house. Paid Off the home. Wow. Wait, can I set this up for the listening audience right quick? Because the truth is, you guys came up to me on the break and they were like, Hey Jada, I don't know if you remember this, but you and Rachel were hosting and it was kind of a help us decide what we should do. I think pick we call side, call it this or that. Yeah. Pick a side, whatever. And it was between paying off your house or like remodeling your backyard. Correct. And based on what you laid out, I think Rachel and I were like, do the backyard and it was gonna, 'cause you're like, it's, we could do the backyard or it'll take us two years to pay off the house.


I feel like you told us. Correct. Wow. And now it, it hadn't been two years. So what happened? We just started playing around with the calculator and realized, 'cause I was a photographer for 10 years and I said if I retire and go back to work, I'm a actual tech writer. And I'm like, if I go back to work and we put everything And just everything, just go after it and Yeah. You know, the first goal was, well what if, what does it look like if we can pay off the house by the time our oldest is graduated from high school? Okay, we can do this. Well what about the youngest? Once he graduates. Okay. And then boom, boom, boom. And then we found like, what if we do this in six months? If we do this, we do this, we do this. Holy smokes. Yeah. Let's just go after it and you know, just be tenacious with it.


And we didn't go gazelle tense, we went scorched earth and not Being is Left. Can you walk me through this? 'cause I'm like trying to do the math and it's, it's hurting my brain as to how you paid off 145 grand in six months making 144. So the 35 was from retain earnings from the business. I had the cash on hand. Nice. But I was reluctant to spend it just because that's that safety net. Just in case anything happens and you know, like you all say, just, just pay it off and it's better off for it. And we are, yes, that's right. And thankfully we just sold it last week. We closed on it, so. Oh wow. Are you done with the food truck business? It just didn't work out, you know. What kind of Food was it? It's Just, you know, pub, pub food, you know, burgers, fries, things like that. It just, it's a tough industry. Oh yeah. We own and operate a craft brewery.


So that was just a addition to it. And it's just, it's a tough industry to, to live and work in. And so we just decided to, to move on 'cause it wasn't working. So That's awesome. Focus on other food that was much more profitable and mainly less stress for me. Yeah, Absolutely. Okay. What's in your, what's in your hand? That would be our lucky lobster. This is our hazy double IPA and listen. Wow. This is good marketing. There's, I was wondering, I was like, is this guy drinking on the clock here? Not yet. Okay. I think we'll have the First. That's for, that's for after the debt free screen. You got it. Absolutely. I love it. So you, you paid off the 35, the food truck with retained earnings. What about the mortgage? How'd you knock that out? In six months. So like I said, I went back to work in the corporate world.


I also got a part-time job. And then I also work at our tap room. So a lot of it was on my shoulders. It was, but we knew it was for we're, 'cause we're going, we're going big. So this was all you, this was all cash flowed through income? Yes, yes. Absolutely. You didn't show anything to get rid of this. You didn't have saving, you just went, we're gonna put every dime we can from our income and live off of very little. All the tips we earned from the tap room. Every, everything. I mean we were scouring the couch cushions just to a couple quarters here and just, we have a goal and we're gonna be tenacious at it and we're gonna get after it. And mission accomplished That. I mean, I'm just tripping. 'cause you guys, you went from a two year horizon to six months. Yeah. Yeah. Just by crunching some numbers and going We could do better.


We could do better. It's All about the budget. Yeah. All about the budget. And now you don't have a payment in the world. No, No I don't. So what's next? How do you, how do you celebrate that? Well, I mean, we're mama needs a new car first and foremost. We've been driving hoop ties. I mean, my entire life I've been driving paycheck cars. Okay. I kinda like 'em because you don't have to worry about getting 'em damaged. Facts. You know, the first thing that you do when you buy new cars, someone scratches up against it in the parking lot. Yep. Yeah. you have park in the back, You know, with the, the new house we have, you know, we haven't finished the completely finished the basement off, so the bar's gonna go down there. And then possibly Europe as well too. So. Wow. So no backyard, the backyard's Off the, what happened in the pool? It was never a pool.


But it just, you know, you, you put different priorities on things and which was the most, most important. Nothing Wrong with that. Yeah. And the basement bar has clearly been the priority. Well, you know, it's Well and, and getting back to, you know, to the, to the new house. So we actually lost our original home. So the home we paid off, we lost in a fire. Oh. Oh my goodness. January of 2023. Holy Mo. No Way. We got a photo of it. Oh my goodness. So that was, so that's 15 minutes after I called oh 9 1 1. That's the day after Weren you in the house. We were at home at night and at Night, Yes. Was 10 o'clock at night. Thankfully we were up watching TV Just before we went home. And long story short, it started in our garage and we had a door with a doorbell and we had no notice of the fire except the doorbell rang.


The Doorbell rang holy. We got up to see what's going on. We thought, you know, who's at our door door At 10 o'clock at night on a Monday night, we walked to The back door where the doorbell would've been. And we heard something weird. He opened the garage door. Oh. And the ho and the complete, the garage was completely in place. Who Rang the Doorbell? Nobody. The Lord did. The Lord rang that bell. Chill. I just got chills, girl. I felt those Chills. Yes. Holy smoke. In my head I was like, please tell me yes there was nobody at the door because that would be a Literal miracle. And the next day the fire marshal, you know, asked, what did you see? Smell hear. And he, and we're like, we had no idea the house was on fire until the doorbell rang. Is that A feature on the doorbells now? Or if there's like smoke and fire they Ring. That was the hand of the Lord maybe telling.


That's something we need to look into for business. Wow. Okay. So what happened after that? Did the, does the insurance company write you a big check? They did. So, you know, we had the choice whether we wanted to sell off the land and then buy a house somewhere else or rebuild a new to us house. And you know, we got to design the house of our dreams within budget. Wow. And it's the house we live in. You know, we often say, you know, we paid off the old house, the current house which we live in is the gift the Lord gifted to us. Wow. And will propel us to do marvelous things in the future. And actually one thing Shannon left out as we were walking away from, from the fire I, to this day, I can still remember her saying to our boys, something good will come from this.


Yeah, that's Right. So will be Good. Something good will come from this. And it really has put us into a po financial position to do a lot of, lot of good things within our community. Because our community, I can't say enough about, we can't say enough about they loved Us. They, we don't, we don't get cloth us. They house them. I mean, we literally only had our clothes. We lost everything. We lost everything. Yeah. I mean you can go from living high in the hog life is great to being homeless in a matter of an hour and not having anything at all. That'll Change your perspective. What perspective did that give you? Because few people will experience that. Yeah. So honestly that became our why, how our community responded, floored us. And we're like, we need to give back. Yes. Even more now.


And so that motivated the why and honestly it was just stuff. Yeah. Like It's our Boys. We get out, can, can all be replaced. The four things that needed to get out of the house, got out without any harm. We can replace other, other things. We can replace the cars, we can replace this, replace that. It doesn't matter. Yeah. It really doesn't matter. Yeah. Wow. And I, I wanna tell people who are listening, we did not use insurance money to pay off. No. The mortgage. No, the insurance money went to rebuild the house. Yeah. This was hard work allowed. Sacrifice. Sacrifice. and I mean the long saying No Long, long days, long nights working every Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday. Just just to reach our goal. And wow, you two Are just to go after you're you guys, all four of you. 'cause I see the boys are, you guys are incredible people.


An incredible family. Wow. Thank you. And you give new meaning to the word scorched dirt, which you used. I want to just point out the irony is rich here. That is true. Let's get, let's get the boys up here. What's going on my guys names and ages. So this is Colin. We call him Tank Tank. He's 14 here. Don't you go by mom. Okay. And this is Ian. We call him E or Big E. Big E. So he's 12 Tank is 14. Wow. Love it. Love it. And these young men got a front row seat to a lot of sacrifice, a lot of life change, some trauma. But here they are resilient, persevering, and they're gonna live lives of debt freedom thanks to mom and dad's. Hard work. Absolutely. All right, count it down. We've got Brooks and Shannon, Collin and Ian from the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania area.


145,000 paid off in six months house and everything after it burned down and they rebuilt making 62 to 1 44. Count it down guys. Let's hear a debt-free scream. Let's go Guys. Ready? 3, 2, 1. We're dead. Freeze that job. Wow. There's a lot of firsts in this dead freeze screen. Wow. Wow, wow. And cracking the can. That's a first for me. Be come a tradition should A camp for all of us. Wow. That was incredible inspiring. Guys, this is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz. And guess what? It's my favorite time of year. The lights, the music, the decorations. I mean I love it all. And as a natural spender like myself, it's really easy to overspend and I. Wanna do all the things and give my family the kind of holidays they'll always remember. And at the same time, I don't wanna look back at my bank account in January and think, oh, what did I do? So that's why I use the EveryDollar budgeting app. It helps me plan for all of my spending and that's what a budget is. Then once I have my plan in place, I don't have to worry about overspending. I am free to spend guilt free and have fun doing it. Plus, with EveryDollar, you can customize your budget however you want. So whether it's buying gifts, hosting dinners, or even turning your living room into a winter Wonderland, EveryDollar helps you plan for it all. So you guys go out and create some great holiday memories with your family without the stress of overspending Download the EveryDollar app for free today. Go download it today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade Warshaw. I got to mention, we just met our debt free screamers out there and Shannon is an Air Force vet. So I wanted to say a very happy Veterans' Day. Very thankful for the service and sacrifice of of so many today. Indeed. And not to be outdone, Jade, there's a much lesser holiday. It is Singles Day. Ooh, Tell Me more. That rests in the shadows of Veteran's Day, apparently. 11 7, 1 1, 1 1. All single. I guess the same single digits. So for all of our, all of our single friends out there, I see some hands being raised in the booth from our friend Will, but it Has nothing to do with relationship status. It does. Oh It does, It has almost everything to do. Tell me more. That's it. We just, you know, it's the largest shopping day in the world apparently. This is what I'm told again. And we love any excuse to give our folks a great deal. Whether you're single or not, these deals apply. So It's not about the digits. I don't know. I'm not in charge. You think they put me in charge of the holidays? I don't know. I National Pizza Day, I'm not in charge of that. Oh wow. But today only we, we figured, you know what? Fine. Let's give the people a great deal. Okay. So today only we've got deals as low as 10, 11 bucks in the Ramsey Solutions store. Popular questions for humans. Thanksgiving edition, total Money Makeover, baby Steps, millionaires building an non-anxious life from our friend, Dr, John, Delony, Ken, Coleman's Get Clear Career assessment. So many deals, just 11 bucks. So today's a great day to just go ahead and start stocking up before the holidays. Is your Book $11? I don't think we're there yet. I think mine is. I think maybe we'll Get there. Yeah. Okay. Check it Out. One day you'll have to see for yourself. I don't know what they put in there. They don't, again, they don't put me in charge of this stuff. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Find out for yourself or if you're listening on YouTube and podcast, click the link in the description.


Alright. Tate joins us up next in Seattle, Washington. How. can We help Tate? I, Hey guys, just want to say I'm a really big fan. I Appreciate that. So I'll try to make this, I'll try to make this quick. So backstory, I recently graduated college six months ago and got a really good job and just became debt free and just maxed out me and my wife, our Rock RAs way to go. And we soon to do our, yeah, we're soon to do our HSA and in January we'll max out both our roster, our as for 2025. Cool. And doing our, you know, our 401k and everything. You Guys are crushing it. Our next Yeah.


Yeah. thank you. Oh, this baby steps work. Yeah, You're doing much better than I was after graduation. I'm impressed. I wanna be like you when I grow up. Okay. So what's your question today? So we, we wanna buy a house, but we're kind of just, we're kind of just, the market's not good, so it's not looking good and we don't know what to do. Like we, we plan on saving up about 50 grand this year. Okay. And I don't know if that's even enough to put for a down payment for where we live. What are you looking at? How much do the houses cost that you're looking at? About, for a small house of a thousand square feet that was built like, you know, like in the seventies, it's about full hundred thousand dollars and there's only probably about a handful out there.


And this is the Seattle area? It's actually in Bellingham, Washington. Bellingham, okay. Where my company's office is at. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Which is, which is a pretty, you know, high cost of living area. Some big companies over there. Have You done the, have you done the math? We've got a really great calculator of basically how much home can I afford? And you can plug the numbers in and see, okay, what do I need to put down? And, and basically you can work backwards to say, how do I get this payment to where it's only 25% or less of my, my take home. Have you done anything like that yet? Yes, we have that Would that it would take us a few, like two years. Okay. And what's the Amount? And that, hold on. Is that a long time for you take I guess, yeah. I, I feel like I'm behind in life.


How old Are you? Can I tell you? Take, you're, you just graduated? Yeah. Okay. How old? I'm 20. I just turned 27 a week ago. Can I tell you a secret? That's not even a secret, but it might make you feel better. Sure. What if I told you that my husband and I rented for 10 years before we bought a house and we didn't explode or burst into flames? Okay. Just letting you know because you gotta be able to afford it, right? Yeah. But you don't think we're missing out. No. Like building equity and I mean every year I could put like 30,000 in my equity. Well, you know what? I wish, let's build a time machine. Let's go back in time, buy a house when it was $14,000 in order to build more equity.


There's a lot of things we wish we could do. Right? The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The next best time is today. But that doesn't mean that you should get impatient and entitled and go, we gotta get it in now because we're throwing away money on rent. Learn to have patience. You're 27, go talk to a 60-year-old and they'll, you'll see there's a level of, I guess, maturity that happens when you go, okay, not everything's gonna happen on my timeline. and I remember 8 27 feeling like time's running out. I have one year to do this in my career and hit this financial goal or else, and then five years goes by in an instant. You're like, oh, okay. Plus there's, I have more patience than I thought. Plus There's the whole thought here of if you buy this house before you can really afford it, you're not gonna be thinking about equity.


You're going to be focused on making the payment every month because it's gonna be eating you alive if you even get to keep the house. Right. So you have to run. Yeah. you have to run this equation for what it is. You cannot. And the truth is, you could buy a house before you can afford it, but it'll be a problem for you. So it makes sense to wait in two years in the grand scheme of things is a drop in the bucket. And if you don't want a crappy house, like you're kind of talking about, that's a thousand square foot, super old then don't then wait, save up more. Get a bigger down payment and that will lower your monthly payment. So that's what I would do if I was in your shoes. And if you don't like the timeline, we gotta figure out a way to make more and spend less to create more margin to save up faster.


And so I would just turn this into a math equation that puts some fuel on the fire versus a woe is me shaking our fist at the, you know, the, the sky gods. You Know, it's, it's a funny, renting is a funny thing. I think that you can really enjoy your renting experience while you're renting. You know what I mean? Like, there's more to life in a, in an instant than whether or not you're renting or buying. and I think it's really easy in a moment to kind of base your whole life and like whether or not you deem yourself successful in a moment or not. Right? Yeah. It's like you were 27 years old, you got so much time ahead of you and you're gonna look back on this and go, oh my gosh, it was so funny that I was so rushed at 27 to have a home because a lot of times we're compar like without even realizing it.


Self-conscious, subconsciously we're comparing ourselves to something else we've seen. It's not even really just our race that we're running. We're thinking about what our friends have. We're thinking about what our cousin did or what the people on social media did. And Yeah, you Gotta put blinders on. Yeah. If you couldn't see any of that, if all you saw was the race that you have to run in front of you, you wouldn't be so sidetracked by that. I Think if we said the average person takes seven years to buy their first home, you'd be like, oh wow, I'm doing great. Right? So I, I think we need to look at this class half full situation and go, man, what a blessing it is to be 27. No debt maxing out Roth IRAs, maxing out HSAs and be able to buy a house two years from now in a very expensive area.


Yeah. I I I suppose you're right. Yeah. That's, that's a pretty good way to think about it. Perspective, man. It's a wild thing when you can change your mindset. Yeah. But you'll be there in no time. What's the household income After we put our 401k up and Just the gross household income? One 50 net. Amazing. Oh, gross. Oh gross. I don't gross. Okay. Good. That's great. And how long have you been married? We just celebr bit our one year anniversary a few months ago. Yeah. You guys are doing great. You you need to just take it I'll Jamel that ate is upset. Take It. You're you're doing Great. Yeah. You're doing, you're doing great. Tate. This is a lesson in patience.


What Do you think that is, George? I feel like more and more we get calls and if I had to sum it up, it's just like this race to get a house and be, you know, have wealth and like, it's just This, well it's the 19 year olds calling and saying, I need a million dollars by 25 and I go, why? Yeah. and I go, I don't know. I just, I I feel like I have, I need to. Yeah. Or else I'm behind. I'm like behind on who have you listened to the calls on this show? You're like, people are happy to have a million bucks in a nest egg by the time they retire. Who told you that time is running out and that if you're renting, you're throwing away money. And it's probably a mix of society, parents and TikTok at this point. Yeah. And don't Get me spread these lies. I think it's great if you, I think it's great if you enter into your adult life, you've largely avoided debt.


Or if you did have it, you paid it off quickly. I think it's great when you're able to walk through the baby steps and get further at a younger age. I think that's amazing. I mean that's, that's the whole goal. Absolute. The sooner the better. But If you're just this rush to kind of like check these boxes, I just wanna remind people to like, life is a journey. Life is a highway. SS it's a highway. I can't sing anymore 'cause I think you we'll get taken off the air, but hey, enjoy The ride. Put the top down. Speaking of the ride, it's almost over here if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. So if you wanna finish the show, head over to The Ramsey Network app for a distraction free experience. You can download it in the app store if your choosing or click the link in the show notes to check it out. But this ride's over Jade. I'm sad to say it's been fun, I'm sad.


And so if you're on radio hang tight, we'll be here. But if you're on YouTuber podcast, go jump onto the app. We'll see you for a whole nother hour of The Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app.


Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep, you heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bot Bing, bot b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.