
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Jade Warshaw, and we're here to answer your questions about life, money, relationships, career, anything and everything. We are here for you. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. All right. At first we have Charles in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Hi, Charles Welcome to The Show. Hey, thanks for having me. Absolutely. How can we help? Yeah, I was just recently notified that my company please laying me off in the near, near term and I.


Sorry, I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying to write down a, like a, like a long term financial plan and I'm writing out my assets and I'm just kind of looking at what I have down. And the vast majority of my stuff is not liquid, meaning it's either a retire account or it's equity in my home or whatever. And I'm trying, if if it came down to it and I needed to access that money, what would be the best way to go about doing that? Okay. So you don't have any savings right now? Anything liquid is what you're saying?


'cause if you know ahead of time No, I, savings I have like, Because my question is three months Of savings. Alright. Okay. Great. Well, I mean this may feel Pollyanna, but you're not laid off now, you know you're going to be in the near term. What does that mean? Does that mean 30 days, three months, six months? They couldn't give me an exact date, but they said most likely January. Oh. The manager was kind of, my manager was kind of giving me like a really solid and he wasn't really supposed to tell me Okay. Like this information. And, and so insider he'd like Insider and I and so he, So I would, wouldn't And so what he would like to have, yeah. so I would make it a goal not to pull money out of your house equity wise, not to pull it out of retirement.


'cause you're gonna get dinged with penalties and taxes because I mean, it's between Yeah. You have four months to continue to save and look for a new job. Right. I mean, so I mean Yeah. In a, in a perfect world. Yeah. The goal is to do that. And I'm just trying to do last ditch efforts. Yeah. I and I trying to write down a plan. Totally. I feel like you have to focus, I think you're focusing on the wrong part. You're focusing on what do I have to depend on if I don't get the job, as opposed to focusing on what will I do to get the job? Because if I'm you, I'm taking those other, especially the retirement, the hou I'm taking that off the table, like it's not even an option. Yeah. so I feel like you've gotta go into this pretending as though that money doesn't even exist.


Because if you go into it with even like, just a piece of that in your brain as an option, then when the time come, like let's say the time does come and it's getting close to the wire, you're gonna be like, well, at least I have this money here. And that's Dangerous. Yeah. I think, I mean this is the extreme stance we even take Charles, is that we say not to pull money out of retirement unless it's to avoid a Bankruptcy or a foreclosure. so I mean it. Okay. Yeah. so I, I, to Jade's point, I would act like it's not even, not even there. So financially, Charles, how are, how are you? Do you, are you living paycheck to paycheck? Do you, you have three months of savings, which is big, so, right. So yeah, it sounds like you're in a Good spot. So my, my, well, yeah.


My original goal was to get out of, because sort of, I seen the show earlier this year and my goal was to get out of debt this year. And the only thing that I had on my, on my card was my card, my car payment and I took a radical stance and I sold my car and Good for you. and I and I traded it in for a car that has 300,000 miles on it. So I'm, I've got free with three months of savings. Cool. So if anything, my my And what kind of line of work are you in? Plan? Yeah, I've been accounting.


Okay. Yeah. Listen, you're gonna land on your feet no problem. Yeah, I, I think you're, I mean, I appreciate the due diligence of the plan and everything, but, but I would encourage you, Charles, I think you're in a better spot than you think you are. I mean, you have no debt, you have three months of savings. If I were you between now and then, I would just be stockpiling cash. I would get that up to a six month emergency fund just in case. And then as an accountant, I mean, you'll have plenty of opportunities to find a job. And then when you plug into a great job and you have too much savings, maybe you could say, okay, I'm gonna take some of that. Maybe put more towards my retirement. But maybe between now and then focus on just stockpiling cash. Are you able, like legally or with the stipulations of your job, are you able to start kind of creating a book of business on the side so that you kind of have that as a bridge?


I Do corporate accounting, so not, not specifically clients. Got you, okay. Stuff like that. Well, I would start networking too, Charles, right. Between now and then. I mean, talking to companies that are looking for someone and just Yeah. Nothing's stopping you from talking, having coffees, Right? No, no. And, and I was told like two hours ago, so I'm trying to do, like, I, I started sending out resumes and Stuff. That's fair. He you're still writing in your journal, like you're still trying to make kids or tails of it? Yeah, I'm, I'm I got like a bunch of stuff for now, and then I'm just, just trying to create a plan of action and Good. Are you married? Figure out what to do next? I, I, no, I have a eight, 8-year-old son now.


Okay, okay. Yeah. Yeah. So from, from all that, I mean, yeah, if I were you, I would just be saving money. I'd be looking for another job. And if they're gonna lay you off and you find a great opportunity, then it's time to say, okay, that door is shut and I'm gonna walk into something else. I mean, in that sense, that's not a selfish thing or you're not leaving them high and dry. You're taking care of yourself in that situation too. Right, right, right. Exactly. So, great. Yeah, I don't like if I leave early, like I it is what it is, you Know? That's right. Yeah. If you're gonna be laid off For sure. I'm like, yeah. Well thanks for the call, Charles. I hope, I hope that's helpful. Yeah. And and I appreciate that. He called us two hours after. I know he found out because, 'cause there is probably a level of like panic and Oh.


my gosh, what he was doing when he called us was like getting all my ducks in row, which makes more sense that he's like already going to, okay, what if I run outta money? But when you let the drama settle and the emotion settle, it is amazing how you can, and he's put himself in an incredible position. Right? I mean, this is a totally different conversation. Yes. If he has no savings, has a car payment, has, you know, is living paycheck to paycheck, then there's gonna be a, you know, a whole other level of, Hey this is this, there's me more pain to this. Absolutely. Absolutely. But that's one reason you do all of this, you guys, is to set yourself up for the unexpected And. we always say the emergency fund is there after you are debt free and you have a fully funded emergency fund of three to six months of expenses, which is what Charles has, that it takes a crisis and turns it into an inconvenience.


That's Right. Hey, did he say it was his leader who let him in? Yeah. Or was it just somebody he worked with? I think he said his leader. I hope it, I was gonna say like that's probably another piece of this is just to make sure it's accurate. That's information. That's right. And not like hearsay or like An office rumor that you're Yeah. 'cause that can happen as well, right? Yeah. You jump you jump off this train that wasn't even Yeah. Gonna Crash. Right. Because of what people are saying at the water cooler. But I think he did say it was Liz leader. Yes. Okay. Yeah, I think we're getting nods. But again, Jade, I think too that that padding of planning is great of what he was talking about. Yes. But getting yourself in that position that when life happens, 'cause it's not, if it's when, and it may not be a job layoff, which I feel like we're hearing more and more of I don know, I feel like we're getting more calls with that.


But you know, the, you know, the health of of one of your kids or family members, I mean, stuff is gonna come up and to put yourself in a position, not that money, money does not make you immune to life. Right. But it does give a buffer when those hard life events happen, it can Soften the blow. It can. Absolutely. Yeah. Truly so. Great. Well Charles, again, thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle. The number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Well Jade the live like no one else. Cruises is 90% sold out. Ooh. So the cabins are booked. This ship is getting full. We're gonna set sail Yes. In March. You know, we were just talking March. It still seems like a far way away. A little bit. Yeah. But with kids and school calendars, we've already, like, we've started talking about, gosh, you got a plan. Yeah, yeah, you do. You do. You got a plan ahead. So even if it feels far, you guys, it will be here before you know it. So we are doing a live like no one else cruise. This is, if you're on baby steps 4, 5, 6, or seven, we want you to come celebrate it. We talk about living like no one else. So later you can live and give like no one else. So we're gonna stop at Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico in The Bahamas, and no passport is needed. So don't worry about that. Just come on aboard. And, we are all gonna be there. All the Ramsey personalities and some great guests. And it's a seven day cruise. March 22nd through the 29th, 2025. And again, you don't wanna miss this unbelievable, incredible vacation. It's gonna be so fun. So that's in March. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise to put a deposit down and yeah. And book your room. Love it.


All right, next we have Richard and Maria from Tacoma, Washington. Hey guys, Welcome to The show. Hi, how are you guys? We're doing great. how are you all? Pretty, pretty good. Good. It's fun having both of you. Yeah, we usually have a single, a single caller. so I'm glad we have, we have two. Are you guys what's going on? Are you guys married? What? What's happening? This means debate. I know it does it. Yes, we are married. Alright, so how can we help? So we need to get a truck because we'll be moving to upstate New York within the year. So we need a vehicle that can handle the snow.


So we both have agreed we want to buy a used around $30,000 truck. Okay. But we differ on how we want to buy that truck. Okay. So we have, we have $50,000 in savings right now, not including our IRAs and 4 0 1 Ks. Okay. And then, so she wants to buy the vehicle outright. And then I want to use our, we both have pretty good credit and then I want to use a sizable down payment to try to get our a PR under 4.6% so that we can Richard have more money in our savings.


Okay. So, So you have more money in your savings is why you wanna do your way, Maria, why do you wanna just pay for it outright? I don't wanna have any debt or any car payments and I would just like to buy it cash and not worry about it anymore. All right. I have A question. What portion of the 50,000 would you consider to be your three to six months of expenses? That, that's the other 20 K. That's why we set the mark at 30 K for the truck. Okay, So 20 K would cover your emergency fund and then 30 K. Okay. Well I mean, Richard you called The. Ramsey. Show. so I think, you know, we're gonna say, Oh, I know.


Yes, I know. Yeah. so I mean I understand Richard, the mathematical side, right? Some pe well not with car payments. It's the one part of, I mean I understand him wanting to have the savings. More savings, yes. Yes. But realizing, realizing that Richard, that you're gonna be paying four to 5% on an asset that's going down in value, where you could have that possibly invested even in just an index fund making 10 to 12%. Right? your money could be working for you way more. And just for fun, you said you'd wanna put down a decent down payment. What, what were you thinking you would put down on the 30,000 Car I don? Half the value of the car. 15. Okay, so 15,000.


So then let's, let me see if I can make you feel better about this. So what's you guys' income? We make, What will it be? Around a hundred K. Okay. A year. And so how long without a car payment, how long do you think it could take you to save up that additional 15 K? 'cause in your mind that's what you'd be parting with is $15,000. That was the part that made you feel uncomfortable, right? Otherwise you would've been willing to put the full down payment, like pay the thing in full. So how long could you save up? How long, how quickly could you save up 15,000 with no car payment? Probably like five or six months. Yeah. So that's, I mean, we're talking about something that is almost less than half a year in order for you to be completely free for you not to be investing in to Rachel's point, a a, a depreciating item, I'm not even gonna call it an asset 'cause it's going down in value.


Yeah. so I feel like that. I feel like we made a good case. Yeah, that makes sense. Are You convinced, Richard? Yeah, I am. You Know what I think is hard though? I, because again, when we talk about money, naturally the math is gonna come in. People's emotions come into all of it. So it all that, that all makes sense. But the part that you just can't calculate though, Richard, is, is this level of not having risk of having autonomy completely over your life. Yeah. And Maria's probably thinking too, right? What? Like, you know, God forbid something happens, who knows, there's no risk at all, right? Yeah. We just talked to a caller that's about to be laid off and he has no debt. He actually sold his car to get outta car payments, has an emergency fund.


And then, you know, that, that life changed for him is gonna be very small impact wise financially than the opposite. so I know you guys have savings and you're probably thinking, well, we could just cover it, you know, if something happens. But there's still a level of risk and the other part of just of being owned, I mean, honestly, yeah, I'm like having Toyota, a motor company having a part of your paycheck every single month. There is something emotional there that can't go into a spreadsheet. And, we had Dr. Arthur Brooks on the show a few weeks ago, and he talked about the science scientifically what the brain does when you have debt there, there is a, a level that you're, you know, you're not safe. Like there is something there in innate that people don't talk about.


So there is a freedom here, Richard, that again, maybe a little painful parting with the cash, but I would, I would encourage you guys, this is why you did that. This is why you saved Yeah. Is to be able to use your money and not use other people's money. And then there's A practicality of, I mean, we're gonna talk about this later in the show, but insurance costs are going up. And to be able to enter into a car with no car payment, it frees you up to be able to deal with those fluctuating costs that have to do with just life in general. Whether it be the cost of your insurance going up or the cost of groceries going. Like there's a lot going on. And so to be able to clear out as much variable as possible in your life, it's just for me, it's worth it. Yeah, absolutely. Maria, how are you feeling?


I'm feeling good. Okay. So how She's like, I won. So how, How does this work though? Because we talk to, usually just one of the spouses calls in on our show and usually it's, usually it's Maria that calls in and is like, Hey, I wanna pay cash for this car. My husband doesn't want to. So we're usually talking to one of the spouses, And. we talk about, you know, the idea of, of being aligned values wise with your money. So I'm curious for you guys if you will share, you don't have to, but, you know, what does, what does that conversation look like for you all? Is it, is it Richard, you saying, all right, Maria, I hear ya, I hear Jaden, Rachel, I'm gonna just make the decision or, or what, what does those conversations look like when you get off the phone? Do you think The conversations are honestly very good because the only thing we want is to just make the best choice for us.


And. we just want to save the most money. Money. and I, I totally agreed with him and I'm like, you know what? We can do it your way or we can do it my way. The, it was just, the reason I want it my way is just to not have that feeling, oh, we have debt. And he feels the same way too. But you know, with his reasoning it was also, could we get a little bit more money in our savings doing it my way? and I, I'm okay with doing it his way. But you know, I also just had my idea and I think our talks about money are great. We pretty much agree on everything. Did you guys have debt prior to this that you paid off together? No. No. Oh, okay. So you've been living a debt-free lifestyle?


Yes. Yeah. Oh, okay. So Richard, you were like, we could just see what it might feel like. You're like, I'm willing to dip a toe in the water. That's funny. Funny. That's funny. See how the other side lives? See how the other, they live with stress and payments, Richard. Yes. And I'm, I'm terrified to live that way and I know I would be insanely stressed, but I also know that we've got about 10 months until we move and need that vehicle. Yeah. so I was hoping, yeah, in that 10 months we would save up, you know, solely have a car savings and hopefully 100% Well, based off the numbers that Richard gave as quickly as you could save up 15,000, I think that that's actually pretty feasible.


So, very good. Yeah, You guys could continue to save and make the cushion even more. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's a great point. 'cause it's, it's in 10 months. Well, you guys are awesome. I appreciate, I appreciate you both calling in and talking through it because you know, there's a spirit of humility there too, right? Yes. Of just saying, Hey, we wanna be on the same team, And, we wanna do this. Well, we have, the end goal is the same. How we get there might start to kind of weave a little bit. But hearing each other I think is, is great. So thanks for the call. This is The. Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright, so we all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I bet there are things that you loved learning over the years, like gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us spend our lives learning deeply about anything other than ourselves. This fall, I want to challenge you, become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you, to regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere as to it's convenient for just about any schedule. You just fill out a brief online survey and get matched with a licensed therapist and you can change it any time for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting with Jade Warshaw. And you can give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five. We are answering your questions about life and money. Up next in San Francisco, we have Maria joining us. Hey Maria. Hi ladies. Thank you so much for taking my call. I'm so excited to be on The. Ramsey Show. Oh, I'm so glad you called. How can we help? Okay, so I'm 50 years old and I have only a hundred thousand dollars in my retirement and I own two investment properties.


I recently adopted my daughter, who's two now, and my priorities have changed. Yes, Congratulations. Thank you very much. so I wanna know if I should be just selling my rental properties, what to do about increasing my retirement. I have $15,000 in credit card debt, which I am in the process already. I I had three credit cards already paid one off. Okay, good job. Yeah. And yeah, so I need your help. I need you to tell me if I should just get rid of these properties. How many is it?


There's two. So one is a, just a simple duplex and the other one is two flat plus a basement apartment. And how much, how much do you owe on each and how much are they worth? Could you sell 'em for? Yeah, so the one that the duplex is worth 144,000 and the other one is worth, I'm sorry, I owe 144,000 and the other one I owe 396,000. Okay. What could you, what could you get 'em for The one that's 144? I could get 242,000. Okay. Which I haven't earned much equity on it. Yeah, I bought it for 180,000.


It's ridiculous. And then the other one, which I recently bought three years ago, that I can get 500, 550,000. Okay. Alright. Okay, good. So yeah, two 50 pretty much you could cash out before taxes and, and fees and everything. Okay. And then your retirement, you have a hundred K, how much are you making a year in your job? I make between a hundred to 120. Okay. I, yeah, I work for the school district, so I make a hundred thousand during the school year, and then over the summer I can work privately. so I make about $20,000 more.


That's great. That's so great. And you have the, you have the credit card debt of 15,000. Any other debt or is it just that? Yeah, Just that I don't have student loans. I don't have car. The one thing that, the one thing that I do have is, so I'm in California right now and I'm living in my parents' home, but I pay the mortgage. They helped me out by buying this house back in like 2013 because I was, I made the big, the big mistake that you guys always say not to do is buy a house with a fiance before he was my husband. Mm. Oh shoot. Yeah, that was A, that was a bad decision. And so my credit got hit, so I couldn't afford anything.


So my parents said, you know what, instead of renting, lemme just buy a house and you pay the mortgage. So I've been doing that and their plan is to, yeah, for me to, this is my house, like to own the home. So they would transfer the loan, the title, whatever, over to me and the equity is mine. Okay. But when, when will that happen? You know, We, we, I mean it could, we could do that right away. It's just a matter of finding out what the process is and if that's even doable with the type of loan that it Is. Okay. Do you have any liquid savings? I have, and that's the other problem. I have $2,000 in my bank account right now.


Okay. I had, I had $20,000, but I used that money one to pay off the last credit card. The one credit card? Yeah. Yeah's Good. That's right. And then the other, the rest of it was I went to Chicago where I'm originally from and I was not working. so I lived off that. Oh, to pay. Yeah. So now I only have $2,000. Okay. Okay. So the good news is you don't have a ton of consumer debt. It's the 15,000, you could probably knock that out fairly quickly with your income. And then you've got these assets about $250,000 of equity if you were to offload them.


So you've got options here. And then the next part of the equation is just assuming everything continued going as it is now. Right. You're 50 years old, let's say you plan to retire at 65, you've got a hundred thousand saved in retirement. Now if you just kept contributing, once you clear out this credit card debt, you save up three to six months of expenses. If you just contribute 15%, $1,500 a month for the next 15 years, you're gonna retire with over a million dollars. So that's okay. That's as it sits now, which, And as a teacher, will you have a pension? Is there other, That's a good question. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm a therapist and yes, I, I only have a, so I'm clearly working through an agency and they don't offer a pension, but I was working through the district directly in the past.


so I do have somewhat of a pension in California and in Illinois, but that only adds up to like 60,000 right now. Okay, Well that's great. 60,000 a year is what it'll end up being. No, that's 60,000 that's there. Yeah. Just a lump sum. Oh, I hear you. Yeah. When do you have, okay, so do you have access to it? My Concern, like when do you, if it's just a lump sum, when do you get access to it and it, is it something that you could take and reinvest until you're ready for it? I don't know if I could take it and reinvest. I know I have access to it once I retire, but I don't know if I could pull it now Is and put it, how is it growing?


Well, do you know what percentage it's growing year after year? I don't know that. and I should, those are The questions that I need to ask. No, no, you're great. and I think Yeah, I, I would find that out because I think the more information you have Maria around the situation. Yes. Even Jay just plugging in, you know, your info for the next 15 years and an investment calculator like, oh, a million dollars. Okay, this is feeling, this is feeling better. It's feeling better. Right. So, so what I would do if I were you, I would sell the two properties. I would too. I mean, at this point, I think, you know, being in real estate and all of that, it's not paid for. and I think it's gonna cause more stress and I think you need the money. I mean, I think at 50 years old, you're gonna be able to do some really great things investing wise for your future with that money.


Did, did the income you quoted include the profit from the rentals? No. Okay. No. No. How much, how much do you make for those, those per month? So right now, so the, the one that's the single house, that one I was making about, let's see, Christine, about 800 a month. The problem with that is that 800 a month in San Francisco? No, no, no. That's in Chicago. I'm sorry. Yeah. Chicago. Chicago, Chicago. Oh, so these are not, these aren't even in your, these are both in Chicago and you're in San Francisco. Yeah. Even, even more Reason I would want then I would definitely sell them, Maria, definitely. I would not be along distance landlord with, with this bill.


Yeah.


So if I were you, I would find a great real estate agent. You can actually go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or slash agent, and there's Ramsey trusted agents in that area, and you can interview a couple of them, check out them and, and use one of them because they, you know, basically do exactly what we teach and they're gonna


help you through the process. But I would sell even, even The one that I just bought, even the one that I just bought like three years ago. Yeah. Yeah. It's long distance number one. And to your own point, you could use access to that money because the next step then is I would get with a smart ster pro. And if you find out that the deal with the parents' house and all that is gonna be a longer than five year play. Like you could invest this money for the short term and then when you're ready to come back to it, that could be the money that helps you have your own property in cash. Right. But wouldn't I get dinged with taxes if I just use the equity from these two properties if I just invest them rather. Or you'll pay some capital gains. Yeah.


But it's been over a year. So yeah, there will be, there will be some taxes, but there'll be taxes when it sells eventually as well anyway. Yeah. Yeah. so I would, I would offload them. I would want my plan. One more detail on there. My plan is to be closer to family in Chicago. so I wanted to buy a home in Chicago, a single family home for my daughter and I. And when the time comes could do that. But you're kind of, you're projecting really far in the future and there's nothing to say that you're gonna want to live in either one of these properties that's you've been renting out for X amount of years. Yeah, I mean I, Yeah, usually. Yeah. You don't wanna move back into something that's been rented out to families for the last Yeah. Five to six years. You're gonna want your own thing. So yeah, Maria, I would sell those.


I would use that money, pay off the credit card debt, get a good emergency fund of three to six months of expenses, and then sit down with the smart investor pro and ch and look at your, yeah, look at your income, look at the cash you have and your investing strategy going forward. so I think that's gonna bring you peace knowing that you and your daughter are gonna be taken care of. You know? Yes. In the next, you know, five to 10 years down the road To find a Ramsey trusted real estate agent that can help you buy or sell your house the way we teach. Visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent or click the link in the show notes. Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one, and replace it with a term life policy.


Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your


savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone, and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com. The,


Ramsey, Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. Now you guys, private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally Mae. So to learn more about this custom refinancing option and a lump sum payoff option that you can qualify for after 24 months, go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's y, the letter y refi.com/ Ramsey may not be available in all states.


Okay. Today's question comes from Matthew in Oregon. He says, my wife and I are debt free except our expensive town home. We bought it in 2022 with a 30 year term mortgage. Our monthly payment is about $4,200 a month, including escrow and PMI. While our net take home pay is $8,750 a month. Wow. Our annual gross income is 110,000, which means our housing costs take up about 40% of our income, which limits how much we can invest. We both have the potential for income growth, but today's high cost of living is challenging, especially with four kids. We're in baby step four, five, and six, but still feel trapped.


It's hard to see a finish line of no mortgage payment. Should we stay where we're at and wait for our income to grow or sell our house and move, Ugh. This is, this is one of those reality moments, Rachel. I think that if you're, if you're truly engaged in what's going on financially in your home, these are the moments where it's like, it's really tough because for those of you who don't know here, we teach that your payment shouldn't be any more than 25% of your take home pay. And the reason for that is once it creeps beyond that, especially beyond 30%, is you really do start to feel that. And you start to experience what we call being house poor. And your blessing, your blessing on the house now becomes a burden.


Right. Because you're not able to have the margin to do the things that life calls for. I mean, in this case it could be anything from childcare, it could be anything from they're wanting to pay off their mortgage and they don't have any margin. Yeah. Well, and if you're in baby step four, you're funding 15% of your income at your retirement. So automatically that's taking it. You have 45% of your income to live off of. That's before food and utilities and everything. Yeah. So it does, it starts to dwindle, not always like in the, in the right spots. Right. And so, and if you Give 10%, forget about it. That's Right. Okay. You're out. That's right. Now you're down to 35% and for basic living. So yeah, it's almost that feeling of like, we work too hard to feel this broke. You know what I mean? Like, we shouldn't feel like this.


And it is because 40% of your income is going to housing and so, yeah. Yeah. I mean I, I would be looking elsewhere 'cause you say an expensive town home, which I'm assuming is a really nice one. Probably in a nice area. Yeah. And so I would be looking for other options. You know, you may be getting an older home, it may not be near the city. 'cause that's usually where prices go up. That's right. Yeah. 'cause the closer you are to the city, so you may be moving out and all of it, which I know with four kids, I know it's so easier said than done. Just be like, yeah, like get up and move. I know that that's like, yes, could be changing schools, all of this, but the quality of your life and going to bed at night and having peace and not stressing and not being, you know, to this point of like on a, like you just feel like Oh, my gosh, I just go to, I go to a job and I have no progress in my life.


Like, that is daunting. That's for The birds. You go, yeah. Think about how much time you spend at work. You go to work all day, eight hours a day. Some people far more than that. And then you, you feel like you have nothing to show for. You can't enjoy your life. You can't do the things that make you feel like you're making progress in life. Then there's the part of this equation, Rachel, where they do see a way for their income to go up. Now there's been times people have called in the show and they're like, Hey, I'm at 30% of my income, but I know that I have a raise coming up in the next 12 months. Yeah. And if we get that raise, you know, it'll equal out. And so there's a part of that where if they said, Hey, we see a place where we're gonna get, you know, a 15% increase.


Both of us. Both of Us. Yeah. And that's gonna happen in the next 12 months. Maybe there's a part of this where you can ride it out. That's right. That's right. But only if that's 100% absolutely. Gonna be true. Yes. Yeah. Don't be on a wish and a prayer of it may be happening and then you're stuck in the cycle for the next four to five years, because that's gonna be exhausting. Yeah. All right, let's go to Will in Miami. Hi, will Welcome to The show. Hello. how are you Doing? Great. How can we help? Yes. So my parent, my, my father bought a a car two years ago. This is a Mercedes. He's a retiree surgeon and he now works as a surgical assistant here since all the recession.


That and all the, all, all the economic problems we've been going through the country, that area of health he hasn't been able to get a job on for the last year. He has some stuff on and off, but he hasn't been able to have a stable job. The payment for this car is $500 a month, $550 plus insurance that runs up to somewhere between six 50 to $700 a month. And because, because he doesn't have a job right now, it's been really difficult to maintain all the expenses.


What's he doing to maintain it? so I mean right now, all our family's working. We are immigrants and everybody contributes. Are you're paying for your dad's car payment? No, I'm not. I'm just saying that everybody's paying their fair share, but the car right now is one of those crazy expenses that I Are you in the same, are you all under the same roof? Yes. Okay. And so explain to Rachel and I kind of how that works. When you say everybody's paying their fair share, what does that mean? So between my sister and I, we, the, our rent is $3,000.


My sister and I pay about half of that. Okay. The rest of the expenses are covered by our parents. Okay. Although we didn't start paying until recently, until about six months ago. My sister just graduated from college. I'm still a student. Okay. Okay. How old are you? Will, But, Oh, I'm, I'm 28. I'm just late bloomer student. No, That's great. I was just, I was just curious. That's Great. Okay. So it's just you and your sister. The the agreement is we all kind of live under one roof, but together you guys pay for half of the rent And. we pay for the other half and everything else.


Yes. And so you're concerned that since your dad is not working, how is he affording to pay for this Mercedes or this expensive card that he has? I mean, to, to be, to be honest, like we cannot afford anything right now, even though we are able to cover the basics, that doesn't cover the credit card debts my parents have. That's, that's why I, I believe that the car is one of the things that is taking them down. Okay. So The hard Oh, go ahead Rachel. And Well, so, okay. A couple of things. Will, where did you guys immigrate from? I'm just curious.


Oh, we are originally from Venezuela. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We've Been here for eight years. We are, are, we became citizens last year. Okay. And the only reason I ask is I do find, even in the Hispanic culture, there is this like, gathering of family, right? There is, there is more than just the standard American that's like, oh, it's, you know, Americans. I just feel like we're more independents. And you just kind of, yeah. You know, you run, you run on your own track. We're other countries, other cultures, there is more of this like family oriented life. so I'm not saying one is wrong or the other will, but as a 28-year-old guy and I know you wanna support your parents and, and, and be there for them and all of it for your, your own dignity will as a man emotionally, I do want you to somewhat separate what your parents have chosen with their own lifestyle versus what you're choosing.


Right. So they've chosen to, or he's chosen to have a Mercedes. Okay. That's his choice. You have not done that. The credit cards. I don't know if the credit cards are paying the light bill to keep the, keep the, the, you know, the house going. That's one thing. But if it's credit card debt that's coming from your parents that charge their own cards for their own lifestyle, that is, that is their money and their choices. It does get a little bit confusing when you are living under one roof. so I think it will, emotionally I would detach myself from your parents' choices. And until they start affecting you, which they might soon will, there may be a point that you say, Hey, I'm gonna have to make a different decision for my life.


Yeah. and I may have to go get a job, pause school and do something different. 'cause I'm not gonna be taken under because of their bad choices. But here's the thing, will Jade and I joked earlier, we were like, there, it takes a lot of therapy to realize you can't change people. You cannot change people. so I, hope that helps, will, you're, you're an awesome son. And And, we wish you the best. Thanks to all the guys in the booth. Jade, thanks always for being a great fun co-host. Fun. Thanks to our live studio audience here in Nashville. And thank you America This is The Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals, only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over $7,000 of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus, you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friends and bestselling author, Jade Warshaw And. we are here to answer your questions. So give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'll be answering your questions about life, about money, relationships, career, anything or everything. We are here for you America. Alright, up next we have Josh in Sacramento, California. Hey, Josh, Welcome to The Show. Hi. Hi. Thanks for having me. I'm taking from my call. Absolutely. Kind of go straight to the point. Straight to the point. I, I live in the People's Republic of California.


I'm trying to leave this state. What I have a problem with is it's kind of a financial and life career as well. So right now I'm a federal government employee. I am seven years out from retirement or when I'm eligible. My wife is a nurse. She makes really good money in California and they make a anywhere for $90 an hour. My, my goal is to once sell my house, transfer to a different position and to a different state within the same agency, just because I have a very toxic work environment going on right now. and I just, I need to get out. But the problem is, is if my wife leaves the state of California, she'd go from $90 an hour to $30 an hour, which is a huge financial, huge financial cut.


She'd also probably lose her 401k as well as that we did talk about doing foster to adopt in the event that we did move. But my question to you, I guess is, am I just being cutting my nose off to spite my face and just so I just deal with it, knowing the fact that I have seven years left to retirement, my house will paid off in four years. You sound like you're at the end of your like rope. You sound really frustrated, aren't You? Oh, I am. I'm very frustrated. Yes. I'm very frustrated. I've, I've wanted transfer. I've wanted to transfer and get outta the state for 17 years of my career. Does your wife wanna leave as well? Besides the money? I know she'll take a pay cut, but just in general, Her family's here, but she realizes how frustrated I am.


And like I said, my, my boss is just utterly horrible right now trying And it's been going on for a long time, trying to Oh yeah. Yes it has. So my question to you is my being emotionally stupid by wanting to leave just so I can quote unquote have a more happy life to trade one stress for another, for financial stress. Does That make sense? Well, is it California? Like, okay, so if you, you work for the state, It's a little gambit. It's ca it's it's California. The state sucks the high taxes getting out. Everything. Alright. Okay. You are, yeah, you, you're at your wits end. You're Done. You're done. Okay. So if you were to leave, what would you do and where would you go?


I'd basically stay with the same federal agency. I would go from what I'm doing now to basically to just a different function of job function, but just to the same pay. Is there a different, I would get a little Bit, I'm glad it Would be a lower cost of living, which would be 13 grand a year. Where, but I'd imagine that, so it'd be from California, possibly to Georgia. Okay. But I'm wondering if, based on why Georgia income tax rate outta ca Well that's where, that's where the position is at for my agency. Have you ever been to Georgia? Okay. Have you ever been? Yes, I have. Okay. What's your wife think about Georgia? Sections of it She hates. Yeah. Okay. Because here's the thing, Josh, I mean, I can hear you're frustrated and I, I mean, I could only imagine. Yeah, yeah.


I mean, I, I understand it is from the, from like just the state perspective that you're frustrated with. And then on top of that, you have a terrible job. You go and work somewhere for 40, 50 hours a week. Yeah. In a miserable place. So yeah, you're, you're not in a good, this isn't like a good head space for Josh. So my question is, you're not the only one in this equation, right? So your wife is, is gonna have as much of an input in this situ in this decision too. Because I think that there, there has to be this, you know, I don, don don't know, but if she is not on board resentment later on in life, go, you know, moving away from family. Yeah. Going to a place she hates.


She's gonna end up being you in four years. Possibly. I don't know. But I I That's a warning sign. Yeah. It's just like you guys need to be so tight knit on this decision. 'cause it's a big deal to move across the country. Yeah. So, so you guys need to lock arms and like be full like we are in this together. The, the, the good, the bad, the ugly. We are in this together. 'cause I don't want your marriage to be destroyed in the process either. Right. and I wanna be able to give her a voice too. And her frustrations may not be as deep as yours and I don't want her. Right. and I and honestly Josh, the motivation for her, I'm like, I, there's a part of me that I'm like, I I would hate for her to do it just, just to make you happy. 'cause, 'cause Josh is frustrated, right? So we gotta go do what Josh wants to do. Right. So like, there needs to be a level of agreement upon you guys and, and I thought plan B too, which I know you hate California, but is there a different position you could take wi where you guys live a different job, a different opportunity at least to get outta the toxic ness of that job and then just have the frustrations with the taxes in California?


don don't know. Yeah. But if you and your wife agree to move to Georgia, then make the move. You're not No. Leaving a job seven years away from retirement is not stupid because the work is, you're, you're in a terrible situation. So no, that is not stupid to leave that. No, I listen, I, I am of the mind that if one spouse is completely unhappy, then the neither nobody's happy. That's true. Yeah. so I do think that probably a move is good. But if she has come out and said, I don't really like Georgia, then Georgia's gotta be off the table. You've gotta pick a place where both of you are like, yeah, I feel, yeah, I'm up for that adventure. and I mean there's 50, I don't wanna say 50 states, what is it now?


49? No, it's 50. But don't the other territories count? Okay. Oh yeah. So there's 50 states and then some territories depending on what history book you look in. Okay. And so there's a lot of options here is what I'm saying. Going back to the conversation about the 401k quickly, what made you say that she lose her 401k? So, so, well I wouldn't say she would lose her 401k. What she'd do is she would stop contributing to a 401k. So she'd be able to take it out. Yeah. You just transfer it is, you just transfer it. Right. Okay. I just wanted to be clear about that. So yeah, so I guess the issue is me is, you know, I've only got seven years left. My mortgage will be done in four years for my house. My wife is like going from $90 an hour to basically 30 if she decides to work. If not, then it's like, it's a huge, Let me ask, let me ask you this.


Is there any world where you're like, I, is there any world where you're willing to ride this out longer because you're the person who brought up in just seven years, I'll retire and in just four years I'll have my car paid off house. So, or Yeah, I'm sorry, my house paid off. Yeah, paid off. So do you really care about those things or do you know what I'm saying? Like are those things that you're weighing in So here's or are you beyond that here? So here's the problem is emotionally and mentally, I'm just, I am checked out. The problem is, is don don't want to live life on the emotional aspect. I know logically, financially it makes more sense to stay. However, I don't know if I can emotionally and mentally No. Handle it for years. No, you're okay.


Yeah. Mentally and emotionally is gonna be because you could be debt free and still be miserable in your job. Like, and You're not saying this is after six months, you've said for years, Seven years For years you've been Upset. Yeah, I thought about most of my career, probably about 10, the last 10 years of my career it's gotten laid Up. So it's safe to say that you have sacrificed a certain level. Why have you stayed in it? Josh? I'm curious, what was that? Why have you stayed in it for 10 years? The pension in early retirement. Okay, so this is a good lesson for America that money does not equate to happiness. There is a level of your life that as adults we have to decide to bring a level of peace and just, and to work a crappy, I would say a different word.


Yeah. But we're on a family friendly show. Crappy, crappy situation. Just to make a paycheck, you guys, it's not worth it. It's not worth it. Like life is too short. Life is too short. Josh. So you and your wife, I would sit down, you guys, yeah. Pick a place on the map and say we're gonna Georgia, not Georgia And, we may even be in different careers, but we're gonna find the level of peace and enjoyment. And, we may make less, but people that make less and live within their means and work. So they're happy. They're happy. So yeah, you gotta, yeah Josh, y'all gotta make some changes for sure. And you should have made 'em eight years ago, if I'm being honest. Not to shame you, but No, it's true. We need to make some decisions here. Josh. We're rooting for you. Come to Nashville. This is The. Ramsey Show, Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success.


So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7. Here at Ramsey we talk a lot about building wealth and a big part of protecting your wealth is insurance. Having the right insurance is key to taking care of the things and people that are most important to you. When you work with our Ramsey Trusted Insurance pros and partners, you'll have the peace of mind knowing you're not paying for gimmicks, you're only paying for what you need.


Get connected with a Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash coverage. Welcome back to The Ramsey. Show. One of the, I would say, pillars of winning financially that is so key is doing a budget, being intentional with where your money goes, where your income is going, because your income is gonna help you live the life that you want. And that includes being debt free. That includes having savings and investing and spending and giving and all the things. It comes from your income. So being intentional with that is really important. So our app EveryDollar helps you do that and it's fantastic. And, we have people, gosh, I mean millions that are, that are subscribed and that are building budgets every single month.


And, we love sometimes to walk through those. And Jade, you do this a lot, even on your social Yeah, that's on Instagram. Yeah. I put out a call a while back and I said, Hey, if you want me to review your budget, you know, fill out this Google Doc. And so many of you got back to me and it's really been fun to go through budgets. And so Rachel, today, one of those budgets that was submitted, we actually have Natalie on the line. That's right. From Chattanooga, Tennessee. So Natalie, you told me, are you there? Yes, I'm here. So you told me it's you and your husband, right? You mortgage analyst? No, I'm not. I'm actually stay-at-home. Mom, stay At home mom. Is anybody a mortgage analyst? My, no. My husband is a chemist.


Oh wow. Why don't I have that on here? Alright, well stay at home mom. A chemist, is it right that you make 80,000? Just about that. Okay. Yeah, so I want to say his income is about 73, and then I make around an extra six KA year through like a fixed side hustle that I'm doing. Nice. And then I also have another side hustle on top of that. Cool. Good For you. Yeah. And so after taxes, after some, a little bit of investing you're doing, and after insurance, you guys are bringing home around $4,884 a month. That's what you put on your form? Yeah. Yeah, that's correct. Yeah, just around 4,900. Yeah, that's pretty much what I've calculated.


Okay, cool. So with everything that you said you have in your budget, which as a matter of fact, we can pull it up on the screen here. So let's just, just kind of like go through this budget so everybody can see up at the top, that black number, $342, that is your margin, that's what's left over after we've put in everything that you said you spend money on every single month. So just going through here real quick, we see the mortgage here, $1,556, which is a little bit over the 25% that we talk about. Water, internet, all that looks good. Sewer looks good. Groceries $800. Is it just you and your husband or you have kids as well? So we've got four kids. Yeah. Oh, wow. The, the grocery budget is, is a listen.


That's Great. Yeah. For that you can do it for 800. That's fantastic. Amazing. Yeah, I'm trying to, yeah, I do a lot of cooking from scratch and I make bread like all that, my girl. so I, I've, I've really slimmed it down. That's Great. I, I find that to be actually very impressive. Okay, so I transportation, $250 on gas phone, 140, like this is a bare bones budget. I see auto insurance. It looks like you've got term life insurance. That's really good. But then we see that there are three debts here, a student loan, which if I click into it, the balance is $11,000 and then you've got this car payment, so Exactly. Yeah. We, we've shaved the, the first student loan down to 8,700.


Right. Nice. Yeah, we're checking away at that. Yeah. Okay. So we're putting, trying to put like a minimum of a thousand dollars a month to that first loan. Okay. So that's great. That's, that's a great segue. So we see that your margin is 3 42. how are you coming up with this full thousand? Where's that money coming from? Well, I think when I've originally submitted those numbers, we had still had some cell phones that we were paying off, so we've taken care of those. Okay, Great. So we've got a little extra margin there. And then just through my other side hustle, we try and meet that $1,000 minimum is kind of our goal each month.


So we're trying to hit that at least. And then whatever we can make on top of it, we've been just throwing up the debt as well. Okay. So it sounds like, so there's kind of like four areas that we really look for where people can cut. Like there's more than four, but there's like four key areas that we kind of zone in on when we're looking at someone's budget. And it feels like you're doing two of the four, which is you're side hustling, like you're bringing in extra money. We're usually looking for people to bring in like an extra 800 to a thousand dollars. You're doing that, it sounds like We're always looking for areas where we can cut costs and your budget is super bare bones, you know, with kids and having a, an $800 grocery budget, I feel like that's a green check as well. But then there's two other areas that I am wondering about.


You did, at least when you submitted this, you told me that you guys are investing $200 a month. So Yeah, actually we, he, we stopped investing to his 401k. I finally convinced him. Yeah, Nice. So, yeah, so, so what that set up, That's adding to the, to the thousand two probably? Correct. Good. Wonderful. Yeah, so we, I think it was actually closer to like two 50 that was coming outta this check every, every month. So we've got that extra money as well. Okay. So we're not, not currently investing. And Then the, so that's three green checks, and then the fourth one is your withholding, like, do you guys get a tax return every year? We do, yeah. And it's usually a pretty good amount refund.


I'm, I should probably refund and double check that refund. Yeah, yeah. The, the refund is usually pretty, pretty good amount. A basic way you can look at that is to just see, okay, what's the refund? Let's say it's don don't know, $8,000 or six, whatever it is, divide it by 12. Right? And then you're like, Hey, that's money that I could have back into my budget every month. So if I were to give you homework coming off this call, it would be that. So that going into, okay, you know, the new year for sure that you guys are having more money in your budget. But I love that you made the progress on the student loan because the way I calculated it here, I took a look at your budget. If you could get the amount that you're paying extra on this debt up to 2000, like if you're paying an extra 2000, you guys are out of, you're debt free in less than 24 months, which is, That's just sounds so amazing.


I mean, that's Great because we're hustling over here. I feel it for you. I mean, seriously. Yeah, I mean it's, it's, it's powerful what it happens to when you actually start living on a plan. How long have you guys been doing living on a budget and doing EveryDollar? Yeah, Well, so we've been on a budget for forever, but I would say we've been really intentional about paying off the debt since March. Okay. Because we've just had kids like every year in the last like six years. So that's just really been the focus. And now that we're like, you know, taking a break from like having babies and being pregnant and all that, we're like, all right, let's tackle this debt. You know? So good. So, because I was gonna say, when you start living intentionally, like with the budget every single month, you may find, oh yeah, that that was money going out there that I, I forgot about it or I forgot about that Apple subscription or whatever, you know, and it could be 20, 30, $40 here or there, but for you guys, I mean, that makes a significant difference, you know?


For sure. Yeah. and I think that was the issue. Like once we in March decided like, Hey, we're going to do this, it was kind of me sitting down with him and saying like, I'm really sick and tired of like trying to like pull from savings every month Yeah. To like meet, you know, yeah. Basic needs. There's always that deficit of like, Hey, we're overspending, so we need to pull from savings, but then we're not really going anywhere, if that makes sense. So Jade, on the first, but on the first debt, the first student loan, how much is the payment a month? The first student loan, the payment is $184 a month. Okay. Because that's another great thing too. That's another, you know, almost $200 freed up. That's right. Once that's paid off to throw at the next step too, right. So that you can count that quote unquote as Yeah.


Found income too. Yeah. So yeah, our goal is to have this first debt completely paid off by either February or March. Typically get, he gets an annual raise, but also a bonus check that comes with that. So whatever we get from that is literally just gonna pay off that first one. Whatever's left over, obviously up until that point. And then we'll move on to the next one because You have two more, two more debt. So if I had, if I had a piece of homework for you, it would be to increase that margin with more side hustles. Get like if you're doing a thousand now, try to increase it by a thousand. And if you do that, then you're able to pay off that student loan in far, far, like far exceed your timeline there.


Yeah. And then if you do that, it frees up the money, like Rachel said, and you could pay off the $18,000 Chrysler in six months, just over six months, seven months. Which is exciting. Yeah. But I did wanna ask you, because last time I saw that you submitted this, you had 4,000 in savings and you had 2000 in single stocks. And so that's also money that has the ability to be liquidated to put towards this. Yeah, I'm not sure where that came from. We just have the emergency fund, so we've just got the thousand dollars. But no I, don, I don't know if maybe I put an error in there, but, Okay. Okay. Well Then we've really got no extra cash. Yeah, well I guess that's probably the mortgage analyst, you know, so Yeah.


Yeah. Who knows where he came from, but this is Great. Good job, Natalie. I, I love that. And Jade, you're so great though of walking through it because it's the truth when you start living on purpose like that Yeah. You start to see like the nooks and crannies of, of your money situation and let it work for you. That's the power of using your income. So great. Thanks for the call. Natalie This is The Ramsey


Show Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruisers selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation and I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


events. Welcome back to The Ramsey. Show. We just went over a budget live here last segment.


And Jade, you're actually going to be doing a webinar. Yeah. Walking people through the EveryDollar budget, how to budget, what budgeting looks like, how you actually put this into practice day in and day out. Yeah, We're, we're just doing a live training. It's gonna be Thursday, September 12th, so tomorrow, and you can get the clarity that you finally need with your money. And we're going through, just like we did with Natalie before the break, we're going through those four areas where you can find money in your budget because most of us, Rachel could do with an extra thousand or $2,000 in our budget. And it's real money that's waiting for you to find it. Right. So we're gonna walk through that budget with you. And here's the thing, over a hundred thousand people have registered for these free trainings in the past and they have come away with it with the tools they need to manage their money. And so really now it's your turn to really get involved and yeah, don't wait. We And we answer your questions when we do these webinars where they're live and Yeah. You know, q and a we'll sometimes pull, pull up a question or you can comment and if anything, honestly seeing other people, I mean, it's up to 7,000 people Yes. That can be in it live. Yeah. I mean, you're seeing everyone comment on the side. That's what I love the chat going because it's people from all over and all have a similar goal, usually have, have a similar emotion around it. Yes. With a lot of, you know, fear and shame. A lot of people that live paycheck to paycheck their entire life and they're trying to make a change. So it's really motivating to see other people on the journey. So make sure to check it out and they can sign up with it. Yeah, You can sign up, you can go to EveryDollar dot com slash webinar to sign up and, or you can click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or if you're listening on podcast. So that's tomorrow September 12th.


All right. Up next we have Blake in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Hey Blake, Welcome to The Show. Hey Jade. Hey Rachel. How y'all doing? We're doing great. How can we help? So to expedite this, this story, I bought a farm that come with a house at 17. I paid 60,000 for it and put 20,000 down. I cash flowed all the renovations. And now my wife and three kids, we, we all live here and we've outgrown this house and we're gonna sell it. I would say the house and farm is conservatively worth 350,000.


Wow. That's great. And, we, we owe 35,000 on the farm farm, but the question that I have is my wife has 80,000 in student loans. Do we take some of this money that we're gonna use to build another house and buy another farm? Do we take that, that equity and put it all towards the student loans? Yes. Yes. Yep. I would, because I wouldn't encourage you guys to go back into home ownership until you're at a point where you have debt paid off in a fully funded emergency fund and the equity you're about to get is gonna be able to do all of that plus be able to put some money down on next down payment.


Yeah. On a, on a new build or a new construction loan. Is that the only, like, is that the only debt you guys have? Is this 80 grand? We made a bonehead mistake and took out a loan for a camper in, in March, which we've dove head first into your all's plan and trying to pay this debt off. We paid 15,000 in the past three months. Good For you guys. That's great. So, So we owe 18 on the camper. Okay. And yes, that's the only, that's the only debt we have is just really the camper And student loan. I would, I would pay both off then.


How much do you guys make a year? Yeah, About 200,000. 200. Okay. That's great. Yeah, I mean, like my, my always kind of my friendly warning if we were all hanging out, I'd probably say this to you, is whenever you get a lump sum of money, And, we find this with people that may, you know, get money from insurance or they may have gotten, you know, an inheritance or they have a ton of equity that they're, that they're liquidating whenever you get a large sum of money and then you go and you just wipe out the debt. 'cause you're gonna be able to do that in one day. It's a really amazing gift to be able to do that. But also you're skipping a little bit of the sacrifice and the process to get out of that debt, which usually makes people never wanna go back in because they've had to get extra jobs and sacrifice lifestyle and they feel this pain associated with debt and getting out.


And you guys aren't gonna have that necessarily. I mean, you're, you're gonna kind of go through and wipe it out, which again is such a gift and you guys have been so smart on all of it. so I think though, it takes an extra step of you and your wife sitting down, shaking hands, pinky promising. I mean, all the things that we're never going back into this because Right. You know, you're gonna have to, and I and I heard that from you a couple of times of, oh gosh, we made this mistake and that mistake. So that's my only level of, of advice when it comes to you guys going forward that the behavior really has been changed and, and I believe it has for you guys the way, the way you're talking. But, but I'm excited for y'all. I mean, that's great. I mean, you'll, you'll come out, you know, after, gosh, you'll, you'll pay taxes and all of that and so you Yeah.


You may have enough. How much of a house new construction loan are you guys gonna take out? Do you know? We don't really want to take out any more than about 450,000. Okay. So I'm thinking with all this debt paid off from the home equity, we hopefully we can put down about 200,000. Yeah. Possibly. It might be a little thin because you'll be paying some taxes. So Yeah, I I I would run some of those numbers, but it could be close. And then I would want you guys to have an, have some cash too aside, just for an emergency fund above which are gonna put down, We do have a $25,000 three to six month emergency fund put up.


Oh, Blake. All right. That's great. So you got 25 grand's. Yeah. Okay. That buys you, that buys you a little Bit more. Yeah, for sure. And if you guys wanted to just have fun, pay off the camper today with that money before, you know, put the house for sale and everything. I mean, you could Yeah, you could, you could it do some of this Now The only other, the other problem that, the problem that me and my wife are going back and forth on is her student loans are able to be forgiven because as a, on a, it's like a public service forgiveness, if she pays monthly for 10 years, then the entirety of the the loan is forgiven. Yes. Is that something we should look into? No, I wouldn't for two reasons.


Usually to get that forgiveness, you have to be in some type of line of work for that long to be able to, to qualify for it, which kind of just puts you in this position of being forced into something you may not wanna be in. And then honestly, Blake, if I'm being frank, I mean, in 10 years, who knows what's gonna be out there, where congress is gonna be, who's gonna be president? I mean, who knows between now and then. And so the idea that you guys can do this on your own and have power over your situation without anyone else's influence or dependence on anyone else, there's power in that. And there's gonna be more hope in you guys changing your lives and doing this than waiting for a program. But I hear, you know, we, we get that question sometimes and, and I get the benefit and for some people they've been in something and it's a year out.


Yeah. Then I'm like, all right Well's, it's year out. That's fine. Yeah. But I would not force myself into a box to be able to qualify for it. And again, if it's in, you know, eight to 10 years, who knows what's gonna be happening in dc don don't trust it. Right. Personally, I don't Trust it either. Yeah. So I hope that helps. Like, well done you guys, you, I mean, I can't believe you, you guys bought that property again. We'll say this for $60,000. When was this? Wow. So I bought it when I was a senior in high school in 2016. Oh Wow. Oh, Moly. Okay. And You put 20,000 down on the $60,000 property. Yes. Wow. Way to go. And now it is $350,000. That's incredible, Blake. Well done.


You guy. I mean, you, you guys have made some smart decisions and make sure, again, with the, with the sale of that, make sure you, again, all the, all the check marks are, you know, all the boxes are checked when it comes to taxes, capital gains, anything like that. Make sure you, you do the, your due diligence of making sure that's all covered. And if you need a tax pro Blake, or even a real estate agent, you know, you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and check out our trusted pros there to, to be able to help you through some of it. If, if you need that additional help, make sure to check them out. But yeah, that's, I mean, that's a, doesn't Get much better than that. That's A story everyone wants, I think Oh my gosh. So in 10 years it appreciated like crazy. Yeah.


That's really great. I'm happy for them. That camper is my only question. Mark. You you wanna sell it? I Wanna get rid of, you know, you know what, everybody's not a camper person and they're, they're camper people. So I'm not going to, you're Not Jade, would you camp or camper? I, I would glamp. I I'm with you. You know, I glamp My husband went away this weekend with some friends. Yeah. And they basically stayed in a house that didn't have air conditioning Oh no. Or walls or, it was basically camping and he like had the, he like brought an air mattress. I was like, you all are crazy. So, yeah. But Blake, I'm sure you guys, I'm sure the camper was nicer than that. Yeah. So Yeah. You guys enjoy,


Hey, it's Rachel Cruz and I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here with all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


store. So one of the expenses that is hard to face as adults, but it's true, there's a couple of them, but one of them is insurance. Yes. And in recent years or recent months, I mean, I guess close to 18 months now, they just seem to keep going up, up, up home auto, I mean it's just, it continues to rise. And according to quadrant information services, home insurance rates are about 23% higher than they were last year. Yeah. Car insurance is up 39% compared to December of 2019. Yeah. It's, it's a lot. And the factors that are playing into it, it's interesting. So even if you look at like car insurance, I mean, you do have to think about where you live in the United States.


Is climate a issue or do you live in a place where there's tornadoes and so there's hailstorms and it damages your vehicle? You know, it could be something like, I mean, wow, I I just had to completely blank my brain out there. No, But I mean, but yeah, you think about what, whether it's got tornadoes, rain, hurricane. Yeah. Anything that can be damaging your Ve Yeah. Climate climate's a thing. And then you think about models, right? We're doing a lot more electric vehicles. Yes. There's more technology inside of them. And so there's that part of it. And so by and large we're seeing an increased amount of car accidents, which is interesting. Okay. I don that that there's, that's playing into it. Some people would still say supply chain, although part of me is like, I feel like that's, it's pretty Much caught up.


I feel like, do you remember though in that in that height of covid you would drive by a car lot? Yes. And there would be like no cars. It was so eerie. And now, now they're pretty full. I would say the car lots are, there might be some cars still on back order, but I think for the most part you can. Yeah. Yeah. You can get if you need It. And so, you know, a lot of people are probably like, well what can we do about it? And this right in here, Rachel, is where what we teach really does play in. Because if you do buy a car in cash, you run the, if you buy it in cash it's used, then you are qualifying yourself for a lower rate. And so that right there is a good Motivation to do It. Motivation, obviously the car model that you choose still plays a part in it. How old you are still plays a part in it. Like so all of that plays a part. So there are some ways to get around this, but even when you do all those things correctly, there is still the idea like it is getting higher.


Yes. And that just, I mean the truth is that that just sucks. So Yeah. And it's one of those expenses too that you're like, I can't do anything about it. Right. Like when your property tax goes up, I mean whatever it is, you're just like Oh my gosh, I just feel, you feel stuck. Yeah. You feel trapped because you have to have it. Yeah. But yet it's one of those things that just continues to rise. I Mean you could raise your deductible. That's something that you could do. You know, there's another thing about if you buy your car in cash and you have enough money saved up that if something were to happen to that car, you could replace it in cash. Yes. Then you could drop off like comprehensive insurance because you're like, Hey, if something happens national, like natural disaster, something that's crazy, I have the cash that I could actually replace, replace Repair it if I need to.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So there's things that you could do to save on it, but there's just a big part of this that it is, you Know, it's frustrating. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So there's other things that you can do. Whether it's look for discounts, you can even bundle policies. Yeah. Sometimes you'll get a better deal. Yeah. That way. But I would, again, shop rates. 'cause sometimes the bundles it, it really is helpful. And sometimes if you're shopping from just like one carrier and you're not comparing prices, yeah. You may not be getting the best price. So make sure to do your research there. And I mean the same thing's happening. Also with home insurance, we're seeing certain states are not willing to cover things that they once did. And again, some of this is linked to climate, some of it's linked to nat natural disasters, that sort of thing.


and I mean. We had a call the other day where a lady called in, she said, I'm being dropped from my insurance because my state has decided that they don't cover you if you have a flat roof. And it's like, okay, great. You know, and so all of this, at the very least, it really ties in what we teach and trying to put yourself in a position where you can have as much peace as possible. So if these things do crop up, it's not a disaster. It's like okay, this is very inconvenient, but because I've set myself up I can deal with it. And so that's how this works.


If you wanna work with an independent insurance agent, you could contact a Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pro. The good thing about our Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pros is they are going to advise you and help you do things the way we teach. Yeah. And so that's what you're looking for. They're not tied to any one carrier and they'll put pull quotes from all companies to help you pick the best deal. So you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash bundle to get connected and to start saving money on your insurance because It is a part of the budget. It's part of it. Part of the life that we live of. Life adults part of


life. Yes. Alright, up next we have, is it Shay in Chicago. Hey Welcome to The show. Hi. Thank you so much for having me. Absolutely. I'm try to make this quick. I'm thinking of doing a voluntary repossession of my car and I'm just wondering if that's a good idea. Well, no, I'm gonna call, well, lemme rephrase that. I call it a voluntary repossession, but I'm really trying to get rid of some debt. I'm tired of paying a car note. I thought that was the right idea. Yes. But can we sell, can we sell it? Yes. That's my goal. Okay. I'm, I'm hoping to try to sell it to the dealership. and I'm assuming of course, can We sell it private sale? Ah, I'm not, well I currently pay on it so I'm not sure if that you gonna be, I guess you can. Okay.


So here's what I would do. I would not give it back to the dealer. I would not do a voluntary repossession even though that's not what you meant. I would never do that because that's gonna destroy your credit and just be heartache and I wouldn't sell it back to the dealer 'cause they're not gonna give you the best price for the vehicle. If I were you, what kind of vehicle is it? It is a Buick Encore gx. Okay. What year? 2021. Okay. I'd get on Kelly Blue book today after you get off this call and I'd see how much can I get for this, this private sale. What do you owe on it? 22,000. Okay. And just your best guess if you're like, Hey, I have done a little bit of research, what do you think you could get for it? I'm hoping to get at least 20,000. Okay. So if you thought that giving it back to the dealership would give you 20, then I bet blue booking it, you might be able to break even on this just based off of what you've said.


Yeah. Shay, what's causing you to, to get rid of it? Is it just because the payment is so high? Yes, and honestly I'm, I'm just trying to get out of debt. I wanna be able to pay off my mom and I just bought a, a family doex, so I want to put my money into paying this off. Not a car note. Not a car. Yeah. Do you have any other debt? Yes, I do have credit card debt. How much? $9,000. Okay. Anything else? No. How much do you make a year? I make $73,000 a year. Oh, good for you. That's so great. Okay. What's caused you to to just up and say, I got how I wanna get outta debt. I don't wanna do this anymore. I'm just tired of living the life that I've, I've been living. I don't feel like I am living like a 25-year-old, you know, I'm making okay money and I'm not seeing the benefits from it.


Yeah, For sure. Well done. I mean that's a, that's a good why We usually find Shea people that start saying, gosh, something's gotta change. A lot of it comes like that to, to say I work hard and I don't feel like I have anything to show for it. It's just this feeling of, I mean, there's nothing and I'm, and and yeah. And you're 25 making 73,000. That's a lot. That's great. Where'd the credit card debt come from? 'cause you've got a good income. Honestly. Poor decisions. And then also before I got this car, I had a card that was giving me trouble. so I was putting some money into it to put it on my credit card, trying to get it fixed. And it honestly, it still ended up going out on me. so I love this up with This car. I love when people stop and realize that they have a choice.


Like, you don't have to keep going the way you've been going. You have, you can opt out of that lifestyle and you can go, you know what, yeah, I wanna do better than this. I wanna feel like I'm making an impact. I wanna feel like my income matters. I don't wanna keep living like this. So bravo. I Think so. Great. Shay, have you been, have you plugged into the Ramsey baby steps at all? No, I have not. Okay, so I would, I would encourage you to, to yeah. Dive into some of the stuff we'll have Christian pick up and we'll, we'll give you Financial Peace University, which is our, our nine week course that we always say every high schooler should have taken. But at 25, if you can get this shea, because there's a process, I I, because your emotions there. The decision in Shea has been made that don don't wanna live like this anymore.


So now the best way to be effective of this and to actually see a lot of impact and is to have a step-by-step process of what you do. So, so we have what's called the Ramsey baby steps, which the first thing you do is gonna get a thousand dollars emergency fund. The second thing you're gonna do is pay off all of your debts smallest to largest. So it'd actually be you, you getting rid of this card, which is great. And then knocking out the credit card. So if you have multiple credit cards, write each of those out separately. Smallest amount to largest amount regardless of the interest rates. Okay. Pay minimum payments on everything and pay off that smallest credit card first and work your way up. I would be getting a side hustle. I mean I would do anything I could to, to knock this out. And again, you make some great money.


So even limiting your lifestyle, living on a budget, doing a couple of those things is gonna help you. And then your next goal, Shay, will be to get a fully funded emergency fund of three to six months of expenses saved in the bank. Okay. And what, I mean, could you, how would that feel right now if you had no debt and you had five months of expenses saved in the bank, how would that feel? Amazing. Amazing. So good. Okay. Stay on the line. Christian will pick up And, we'll give you some stuff to help you on your journey. I'm so glad that you that you called in. I know. So great. Okay. Those of you that are watching on YouTube, we're listening on podcasts, make sure to download The Ramsey Network app. We'll have the third hour there. If you're listening on radio, keep listening. And, we will be here in the next hour.


Thanks to all the guys in the booth. Thank you Jade, for a great hour. Yeah. And thank you America This is The. Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app.


Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Buy bing bad. Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.