
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author and host of the new RAMSEY Networks. Hit Front Row Seat. He's my co-host today. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Thanks for being with us. Anna is in Huntsville, Alabama. Hi Anna. How are you? Hi, I am good. Thanks for having me. Sure. What's up in your world? So my question is, I am seeking advice on how to stay afloat after a divorce.


And my ex-husband is not paying child support. Why? Well, So I was married for 20 years. Now Why is he not paying child support? Okay, well, he, he uses it to control me. It was an abusive marriage and okay, I've been out for five years. And so for that five years, I mean, it's been, it's been a tool that he has hung on to that he can control me with. And I, How far behind is he on his child support payments? It's hard to even tell. And I've done, I've gone that whole route with DHR.


It's, they, you know, they, they don't actually go and get him, you know, there's a warrant out or whatever. So I guess I don't, I don't wanna go down that too far because I wanna know what, what can I do to, to stay afloat and support myself. I'm tired of being Controlled. And I mean, ob obviously, you mathematically have to build a life that doesn't include child support, is the answer to your question. Right, Exactly. Right. So what are you, what have you gotta do is your, what's your income? So my income is 50,000. I was a stay at home mom, so just started working at the end of the marriage, which was like five years ago. So I do own my home.


Well, no, I have a mortgage on my home and I owe, I have credit card debt because of, I've, I've lived off of credit cards when he didn't pay. How much Credit card debt have you got? So, $30,000. I have a year ago, I, I closed all of the accounts and negotiated the interest rates down to zero or three or 4%. So I have been paying them off and not spending any more, you know, on credit cards. That's credit. That's progress. Good. So progress. But the child support has stopped again recently. How much Money, and so how, lemme ask you this.


How much money is his child support payment? And if you had gotten that consistently, would that put you in a good place with your budget? Is it a surplus? In other words, you could just tell me how much more money do you need to make? So what's that replacement number? I would, I would say I need to make 2000 more dollars a month. How many babies do you have? Well, in that, I have, I have three, but they aren't babies anymore. They are two are grown and the youngest one now is a senior in high school. Okay. So you only got child support on one for just a couple years. Right? Right. Okay. So the two grown ones are aren't a problem. So we're just raising one kid that's a senior Yes.


Yes. On 50 grand. And why can't you live on 50 grand in Huntsville, Alabama? Well, because I think one, because I have the debt that I'm trying to pay off. So I'm paying $704 a month to the credit card payment. My house payment is $1,800 a month, and that includes taxes and insurance. Okay. And so, and then I have a car that's $253 a month And I owe 10,000 on it. Okay. So, you know, I'm wondering, do I sell my house? I have about 120,000 in equity, pay everything off and just start over from scratch and try to, It's not a bad plan if you can't turn the corner on this.


If you could get your income up and turn the corner and keep the house, I would work on doing that. I don't mind you working an extra job for a short period of time to clear the car and clear the credit card. Right. And then that, that gets you in balance without him. Right. And he isn't gonna be around but about 18 more months anyway as far as child support goes. Exactly. So I'm very motivated to just to be on my own and be be free. What Do you do for work? So I work in marketing and like I said, didn't have a career. So started off, What are you, what are you doing in marketing? I work, I'm a, I'm a trade show coordinator.


So Basically a live event, right? Yeah. Handling logistics on live events, But just So your hours are irregular? Well, no, they are regular. Oh, they're good. Monday through Friday, eight, eight to five. So definitely could do something on the weekend. Yeah. And You could probably use that skill on the weekend. Yes. And make really good money. Yeah. And I think you've been doing this for five years, And I understand the imposter syndrome that a lot of stay at home moms have. But you've been back in the world of work for five years And I think it's time to raise your sights a little bit here. I agree with Dave. In the meantime, we need to be getting a second job to try to bring in additional 1500, 2000 a month.


That'd be the target that I would be going after, because that gives you some breathing room to knock this dead out. But I would also, while you're doing that, be looking at the world of work and we're gonna give you my book, find the work you're wired to do comes with the get clear assessment. Please spend 15 to 20 minutes taking this and then read the book where I coach you how to take that information, what you're good at, what you enjoy doing, and the results you care about, turn it into more money. But we're gonna give you that tool at the end of the call. But the point I'm trying to encourage you with is you have far more opportunity to make more than 50,000 than you probably realize. And awareness of what you can do and where you can do it is, I think homework item number one to see your future and get your confidence up.


Right. You're exactly right. My, my confidence was completely Yeah. Gone when I got, you know, at the end of the marriage. So it's been five years of just realizing that you know that I am capable. How much is the child support a month? He was supposed to be paying 2,500 a month. Okay. All Right. So there's th there's $30,000 on the table there too. Yeah. Listen, So I want you to be free of the need for that because that's gonna add confidence. And I, and, And I want you to be looking like Ken, I'm gonna speak as your older brother. I think you're a whole lot better than you feel like you are. Yes. And thank you. And I think that has added to the desperation and the flopping around with money stuff.


Yeah. It has. You probably mathematically could have tightened up and made it without going into credit card debt, but you were still healing from the toxic situation. Yes. And while you're in the middle of that, you don't, you know, everything's chaotic and outta control. And now you're gonna get very dialed in, very in control on your, on your income side of the equation. And we're also gonna put you in the EveryDollar premium and walk you through getting, getting rid of this debt. If you can't turn the corner on the income and get this debt moving away within 12 months, I do want you to look at selling the house, but I think you can do it without selling the house. Okay. Do you like the house?


I, I do. Okay. I, you know. Okay. I, I'm, Is it where you wanna live after when you're an empty nester? Yes. Okay, then fight for it. Okay. Yes. And you're a warrior To that end, Dave, I wanna ask you, do you think it's worth her becoming that department of whoever they are in the Alabama state government? Oh, be their worst nightmare. Oh, I'm all up in his Me too. I'm all up in their stuff. I mean, the guy doesn't pay for his kid. I'm gonna light his life up. That's what I thought. But, but I don't want her emotionally dependent on it. Agree. I I just want her to go over there and stick a cattle prod on him. Oh yeah. Metaphorically speaking, maybe. Yeah.


This is The Ramsey Show You guys. I get it. Inflation is hitting hard right now. Milk, bread, meat. The price of everything has gone up So you can complain or you can do something about it. Like shop somewhere. Stuff costs less. I'm talking about Aldi, the newest sponsor of The Ramsey Show. Aldi gives you a no nonsense approach to shopping and prices that won't bust your budget. Listen to this, Aldi shoppers can save up to 36% on a typical shopping trip, which adds up to about $4,000 a year for a family of four. So stop over paying for groceries and start shopping smarter at Aldi where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at Aldi, us. That's a ldi.us.


Natalie is in New York. Hey, Natalie. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, Mr. Dave. Hi Ken. I hope you guys are doing well. Good. How about you? I, I'm doing okay. I want to be better than I deserve, but not yet. Okay. I have a little bit of a pickle going on. My husband And I got ourselves into some major debt. We purchased a home and we weren't ready. That's one of the top things. And now in this season in life, we can't really pick up extra jobs. I, myself am trying to see if I can get something after the kids Go to bed. But that timeframe is kind of difficult.


But we are in the red almost every month, even though we're making 200 K on paper, less deductions of child support. But we basically have to choose what we have to default on to catch up and make payments to start a no snowball debt. So defaulting is not a method of catching up. I know. I, I'm, I'm kind of a lost, but I don't really know what to do. How much is your house? How much is your house payment Right now? We doing a catch up payment. So it's 3,500 or, yeah. What is your normal house payment?


2,800. And you make 200,000 a year? Yeah, my husband does four 50 a week on child support. So minus that Does what, how much a week? $450 a week? Well, that's only $1,800 a month. That's not killing you. No, It's not. Okay. And the house payment's not killing you. So where's the money going? It's all going into debt. We basically have nothing. How much other debt do you have? A lot. So we did some home repairs in between. I, I've been in, in and outta jobs. I can assure you that I Do you make 200 k or don't you Now we do.


Okay. Right now you make 200,000. Okay. So you have home repairs that you did that you couldn't afford. How much do are they? So we did loans. So the first one was 30,000, the other one was 14. Okay. So we owe 44,000 on home repairs. Okay. How much credit card? Dad? Credit card. I mean, Hold on. Hello? About 20,000 or So? About 20,000. Okay. More? Maybe 25. All Right. 44 and 25. All Right. And how much do you owe in your cars? One is 13, the other one's 16.


Okay. All Right. And how much are you putting in your 401k every month? I don't have one. My husband has a pension. He's part of the union. Okay. Are you guys really making 200,000 On paper? We are. I don't know where I know, I don't know where the paper is that you're adding this up. That's what I can't figure out. If you've enough money to pay, you have enough money to pay these bills if you're making $20,000 a month. Yeah, that's the thing. I I, it, I'm puzzled. I signed up for EveryDollar, but my, my thing is up And I can't afford, unfortunately the, the premium on that. So Darling, it's $9.


So bull crap. Okay. If you make $200,000 a year, you can't afford not to pay the premium on that. So anyway, the, Hmm. We also have a $99,000 home equity loan out. Oh, there's a detail. Okay. Any other details? I left out Our cost of living is, is, is pretty high Now. Is there any other debt? Any other debt Student loans? Wait a minute. What happened to your phone Coming from Listen, Hey, hey.


Speak into your phone. Sorry, I was just looking at the spreadsheet that I have. I apologize. Yeah, we'll try keep your mouth near the phone when you're doing that looking thing. All Right. So, All Right. So yeah, sell your house. Okay. Yeah. And then you guys quit buying crap you can't afford because the home equity loan, the home improvement loans and a bunch of the credit card debt are all associated with this house. Yes. Yeah. And the house will bring enough to pay a bunch of that off. It'll pay off the home equity loan for sure. Your cars are bad, but they're not out of control. But it's everything associated with this house.


You guys look at something and then you just go freaking buy it. Home Depot must love you people. So yeah, this house is eating you alive. All, I mean, you've got like a hundred and 160, $170,000 in non-mortgage house debt. Yeah. Yeah. Cray kray. That's where that falls under. So sell the house. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta clear the house and clear this mess. And then yes, you guys have to get on a written detailed budget. You can do it with a yellow pad or you can do it with our little app. It doesn't cost that much. That's not the point though. I think the point is, your husband's not involved and you guys have never said no to yourselves and you're disorganized and you've got to get up above this thing and start telling your money what to do instead of wondering where it went.


You got on the call and you don't even know how much debt you have. You're having to turn and look at stuff off phone to figure out where you are when you're this screwed. You need to know exactly where you are at all times until it goes away. And so, dial it in, dial it in, dial it in. Yeah. You need to sell the house. Sure do. And I don't think you're going to though. Yeah, I, I'm just listening and, and Natalie, I'm not beating up on you. I would just say this, you, you, you strike me as a person who's exhausted because you've just been fighting the waves of life that you've created. And I don't know if you've ever been in a really choppy boat situation where you're just hanging on and trying not to fall over. That gets exhausting and you're at that place.


But I'm not sure you're fully exhausted enough. And I think Dave's right, I would reset with the house, but this'll happen to you again, if you guys don't get to a point of realizing that you've done this to yourself, you've created this problem yourself. So you guys gotta fix whatever's going on inside of you that's making you long to make these dumb decisions better fix that. Or else those house is gonna be a temporary solve. Yeah. And I'll throw out there if it hasn't got, it may not have to do with your situation, Natalie, but we've, there are two major purchases that we've lied to you folks in America about home ownership and a college degree. And the lie is that no matter what it costs, you've gotta go get one to be successful, no matter if I can afford it or not, I've gotta go get one to be successful.


And those are both lies. Okay? There's only one way to Go to college and do higher education. And that's a smart way. Pay cash for a degree that's actually usable. Don't get a degree in left-handed puppetry from some name university and go $250,000 in debt, end up a barista. And that's thing number one. 'cause all college degrees are not worth the money. Some are worth a lot more than you pay. Not the degree itself, but the knowledge that you get home ownership. When you buy a house you can't afford, you get broker and broker and broke people shouldn't buy houses. Makes you broker and broker. That's why they call 'em brokers. No, you should not be buying a house when you're broke.


You ought to get your butt out of debt. You ought have some savings, have a good emergency fund, a good strong down payment, have control of your money like an adult. And only then is a home, a blessing. But buying real estate just because, oh, real estate. So everybody's, you gotta buy a house and you gotta buy a house. You gotta buy a house. You gotta know they don't, if you're dumb and broke, don't buy a house. It's gonna make your life worse. It's, you know, and, and So you buy, it's the same apple we're biting on with the education crap. Yeah. And it's like we've told people, no matter what it costs, no matter how dumb it is, no matter how outta control it is, go do it because it'll work itself out. Because these two things are so valuable, a college degree and home ownership that you can't make it in America without them. Well by God, you can make it in America without either one of 'em.


And you sure can't make it in America by if you do either one of those wrong. That's right. I heard her say after laying out all of the details to you financially, she said then our cost of living is so high. And here's what I think she was meaning. And this is tied to the house. She lives in New York City. The cost of living like everybody else we live around is too high. New York City. That's right. But this idea that I gotta send my kids at the same school as everybody else, and this, I gotta have a car like everybody else, that's a cost of living sometimes that we manufacture. 'cause we're trying to keep up with everybody else. Yeah, that's a good point. That there's a difference between cost of lifestyle and cost of living. Very different. And that's what I'm hearing is the lifestyle that came with the House. Living is food, shelter, clothing, and transportation. Lifestyle is all the goodies around food, shelter, clothing, and transportation.


To live like we wanna live Lifestyle's. Eating out. Lifestyle is a car that everybody looks at at the stoplight for all the right reasons. That's a lifestyle. If you're getting out of debt, you buy a car that everybody looks at the stoplight for all the wrong reasons, they think you're in the wrong neighborhood. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap, posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal, and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


I am Dave RAMSEY, your host Ken Colemans. Here. Damon is in San Jose, California. Hi Damon, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you, sir. What's up? So how do I, or should I ever disclose to my wife that we are secret secretly worth millions of dollars? How Long have you been married, bro? I, Five years. Are you from another culture or did you grow up in America? Yes, I grew, I've been in the United States for 20 years. Where did you grow up?


I was born in Korea, but I was raised in San Jose. Okay, All Right. How, when did you, what, how old are you? So you were raised by obviously Korean parents that immigrated here? That is correct. Okay. And Because in, in Anglo America, what you just described, as you probably realize is pretty whacked, right? I understand. And yes, that's Why I immediately said, is there some kind of a cultural reason for this? Because it's very unusual. So the thing is, we are somewhat of a American couple. The, i I work, my wife is a stay at home life because that's just how we chose to, the thing is, I'm the favor and she's the spender.


And for me, I have been working very hard, working my job in my, in my business to just to grow to where we are. And I am not sure whether I should ever disclose our net worth to her. Yeah, I got that. 'cause I do not know how she's going to react. Yeah, well she's probably gonna react poorly 'cause she's married to a guy who's deceived her. Unless she's a doormat. I mean, was she raised, was she raised in a cultural situation where she's a doormat? No, she's not. Absolute not. Yeah. She's probably gonna light you up then, don't you think?


To be honest, the thing is, she And I have very different perspectives when it comes to finances. I'm, I got that I A savor. Like I'm a minimalist. She's very much a free spirit. I know know, but, but that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about the fact that you've been married to her for five years and sleeping with her for five years, but she didn't know you got any money. That's deception. I handle all the finances and the family, honey, You're not listening care. Everything. You keep deflecting. Every time I bring this at you, you have deceived your wife actively. She's not going to be cool with that. You hear that? So I understand that she's going to be somewhat, she is going to be angry.


What I am more troubled about is, is how she is going to take off, take the news of his finances and if she's going to spend Even more No, we got that. We're you're scared to death. Hold on. You're You're scared she's gonna go spend all your money, Bubba. I got that. I have a question. Which is the reason you lied to her in the first place I got that. Did Did you have any money when you married her? Did you bring family money into the marriage? No. Okay. So I heard you say you've worked really hard over the last five years in your business. So you're self-employed. Is that right? I have a full-time job And I have a business on the side. Okay, what, what's making you the how mu here's my question. How much is your income increased from day one of the marriage to today?


How much has it increased? Sevenfold. Sevenfold. So you're making what now? 750,000. And so she's noticed that you've gotten more money, correct? She's not living like A No, he doesn't, he doesn't exhibit any signs of it. It all goes into savings. Well, I Don't know what, what was your answer? My answer to? Does She know that you're making more money? No, No, No, no. Not at all. I handle all the finances. So she has none. She has a stipend, She has allowance And I give her all the money. That's what I thought for the household budget. All Right. I just wanted to get to the bottom of that and make sure that I absolutely understood that.


All Right, Damon here. Here's the thing. Okay? Wow. I value a quality marriage and relationship going into my old age. 'cause we've now been married almost 43 years. I value that more than money. You don't. So I'm having trouble connecting with you on this. I can't imagine a world where I would deceive my wife actively about any major thing for five years, about anything. Not even a major thing. I don't deceive her about anything except if she ask if these jeans make her look fat. I might lie then, but well played. Although she's not fat. So there's, okay, so that's an easy play. But Right. Yeah. That's not lying it wisdom, but I'm not, but I'm not lying about seven $50,000 worth of income and millions of dollars worth of, of net worth that she doesn't know about.


I do quite the contrary 'cause she can't grasp where we live today, but she's the saver. So to your point, Damon, how do you do this? I'm not sure I know how to answer your question. I will tell you this. I I I, I'm just the older guy sitting over here going, I, okay, you brought some culture into this where the guy's in charge and the lady doesn't have any say or any vote, especially if she's a spender. And so all of that combined with your nerd like paranoia has led you to this deception. And so I'm giving you a little bit of grace here, but I'm telling you it, this is not gonna end well.


The longer you put this off, the worse this is gonna get. And there's two things here that you can't put off anymore. I think you called and ask. So son, you're always gonna get an answer here. 'cause We Love you and we want you to win. So thing number one that's not going to la last and go well is your disrespect of your wife. So she, and you need to talk about her spending and you all get on the same page. You probably need to lighten up about 25 notches and she probably needs to tighten up about five notches. And the two of you get on grownup pages on how we are going to live our life, or you're not gonna be able to go forward because you don't respect her.


You think she's a child and you're treating her as such. And that is the second point is your marriage is not going to end well, it's not gonna last because this stuff blows up. And the longer you wait and the bigger these numbers are, the bigger the explosion is gonna be. So deal with the relational breakdown between you and her on you not communicating clearly with her. And that I, it terrifies me that you spend outta control. It terrifies me that you think you're in Congress, it terrifies me. We've got to get on the same page, honey. We've gotta get on the same page. And you've gotta get to the point that you respect her competency as an adult.


And then, and also sooner rather than later, you've gotta stop this deception because those two things are going to end your marriage. Yeah, I I I would, I agree with everything Dave said. Damon, here's what I would do if I were you, I would say to my wife, I have a massive fear problem. And because I have a fear problem, I'm a control freak. And don't make this about her, don't make this at all about her spending. Agree. Because actually given her an allowance, and based on what you've told Dave And I, she's been fairly compliant. So this is a pretty good lady. She may spend her allowance in a frivolous way, but my goodness, bro, she ain't a Spender all, all $4 Of it. Yeah. So we know you've got her locked down tighter than a, than a drum.


So I, I would lead with, I'm afraid I'm a control freak because I'm afraid I'm gonna go, go get, sit with a therapist and I'm gonna dig at the bottom of this. But I've gotta confess this, this is on me, not on you. And what I'd like to do is apologize. One, two, I'm gonna go get healthy three in the midst of all of that, we are going to do a budget together and I'm gonna bring you into everything. And for heaven's sakes, I'd start with giving her a bigger allowance. Man. No, I wouldn't need to start. No, no, no, no. You just need to, you need to to talk about this, right? No, I know I said third step is after they budget, They as a part of the budget. That's what I mean. They both need to spend their money. That's no, nobody that's a spouse gets an allowance for their Children.


Well that's fair. I didn't, I was That's right. Let me correct that 'cause I'm not saying in that context. But she's got spending money, whatever that is. And in that budget, you need to loosen the rain sum as she begins to build back trust. 'cause you are going to violate her trust when you tell her, this is my point. So you're gonna have to meet her in the middle however you do that. That's fair. Yeah. I don't mean an actual allowance, But so Damon, Ken And I are saying, you're the problem, not her. That's what we're saying. And you need to go work on you, buddy. This is a weird thing you've done and you need to own that


As an investor and a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news Timothy Plan offers investments for people who wanna be intentional about where their money goes. As the pioneering force and biblically responsible investing. Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by four side fund services LLC.


Today's question of today is brought to you by Why Refi when Life Happens and those private student loans go into default. Why Refi offers real possibilities. Not judgment, not like me. No. Why Refi will help you explore a low fixed rate loan based on your unique circumstances. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Aaron and Delaware. I read recently that 88% of shares in the stock market are owned by three major companies, BlackRock, state Street, and Vanguard. Should this be concerning or affect how we invest? Well I have to plead ignorance on the first part of that question. I don't know where you read that. I've not seen that. I don't know if it's true. I'll seed my time to the gentleman to my left, but it should Not the gentleman from Tennessee. That's Right. It should not be concerning. It's not. It's not. It doesn't concern me Because they're not companies. That's right. They're mutual fund companies. They manage mutual funds. They don't own the shares. I do and Ken does.


And any of you that have a 401k does Okay. State Street and Vanguard and BlackRock are three of the largest mutual fund families. Each mutual fund has 90 to 200 stocks in it and millions of customers. So I own shares of Vanguard because I buy Vanguard Mutual funds. Sometimes I own shares of State Street because I buy fund families that are State street run and operated. So these are not BlackRock and Vanguard and State Street do not have the ability to tell any of these companies what to do because they own shares in them because they don't really own the shares.


Their customers own the shares. A mutual fund is where you put money in, I put money in, somebody else puts money in and 40,000 other people put money in in their 4 0 1 Ks. It's mutually funded. Then that money is used to buy good. For instance, growth stocks, if it's a growth stock mutual fund, Vanguard manages funds like that. State Street manages funds like that, but they're not the owner of the stocks. So wherever you read this was some kind of conspiracy theory bull crap. Okay. Three companies own 85% of America and it's the Trilateral Commission. Oh crap.


Stay off of that stuff. Get off the internet if that's all the only garbage you can read. Okay. So I don't know if the 80, 88% number is correct. I doubt it's that high. Yeah, but it's very high. BlackTree State Street and Vanguard. That's, if you put fidelity in there, you're getting pretty close to most of the See most shares on the stock market are not owned by individual investors. They are owned by mutual funds that individual investors invest in. And so when I put, when I buy shares of Van a Vanguard fund, I am buying into 80 to 200 companies that they bought into. But they're not, they're not controlling these companies.


I am, I'm the owner, as a member of the mu as an owner of the mutual fund. So it's not like if, if an individual person owned each of these companies and they all owned the stock, yeah, that would be concerning. That three people controlled 60 or 70% of the stock market. That would be very concerning. But it's not true. Which is helpful, the fact that that's not a fact. So even if these mutual fund companies do control north of 50%, which they may very well if you put in va, if you put in Fidelity, you probably would get there. I mean the only one that's ever been troublesome is BlackRock. And they got all up in the woke stuff and started pushing some of the companies to do some of the woke stuff, which has now backfired on them.


And so they were trying to say, we own so many shares of this, you should do so. And so few of the companies caved to that. And then some of the other companies have, some of the other mutual funds have come around and gone the other way now. So there's a bit of a, an offset in that junk, but it really didn't have much to do with money. It had more to do with cultural philosophy than it did actually affecting your share price or the value of your retirement accounts. So answer is, should this be concerning or affect how we invest? Answer is no for all of those reasons. Makes sense. It makes sense to me. Thank you for bailing me out. It's nice, nice to have you to my left. No troubles. That's what, that's what I'm here for. Been been doing it a while.


Yes, sir. Alright. Greg's in Salt Lake. Hey Greg. What's up? Hi, thanks for having me on Dave. I'm a long time listener for like 25 years. Well thank, we're really grateful to have you have me on. Thank you. I'm 39 years old and I'm going through a significant career change. I'm on baby steps six, kind of, you know, four through six. And I wanna know how I should think about the baby steps as well as like my savings with my income drastically decreasing as I try self-employment out for the next little bit. Oof. Why are we drastically decreasing as a part of this process? Yeah, yeah, good question. So, So I've been working for the last 10 years I've been working in tech in the Bay area and wanted ready to kind of switch things up and, and spend more time with my family.


I have four kids. And so look, I'm going through the self-employment route where I've been going from making, you know, over 350,000 a year down to, you know, maybe 50,000 the first year, you know, hopefully more, but, but trying to grow it up from there. So you Haven't made this leap yet? I have made the leap last week actually. Walked away from the $350,000 job gone. Yep, yep. It was What are you doing? What are you doing the same type of technology work just for yourself or something totally different? Different, what are you doing A little different? I'm, I'm a CPA and So I I I'm doing, And I've kind of been growing this on the side for the last three years, So I, it's not going to zero, but I'm a CPA, so I've been doing some taxes and bookkeeping for Companies.


And what were you doing previously? Two careers previously I was doing, I was kinda a supply chain planner for a big tech company. Before that I was an auditor as a CPA for five years. Do you have six to 12 months of your income set aside in the CPA company bank account? Yes. Did you, Did you move The Cpa, did you move from the bay to Salt Lake? Yes, exactly. Yep. Okay. Well now you just, you just, you just answered the biggest question I have for somebody in that situation is, you know, do you have six to 12 months of your income set aside that, that, that goes a long way, but that's a big leap.


Okay, So you owe money on your house in Salt Lake, right? Yes. Did Sell the house in the bay. I did not own in the Bay. Okay. So I just bought one in Salt Lake? Yeah. Oh, okay. How much do you owe on it? I owe, owe $850,000 on my house. And how much do you have in your retirement accounts? So in my 4 0 1 KI have 400 KI have 400,000. And then on top of that more liquid, I have about $300,000 in stock, you know, between Vanguard and, and, and some tech stocks. And then 200,000 that's in cash, which I know is a lot, but I've kind of been preparing for this, this jump.


Yeah, I, I would get this job up and moving and then I'd pay off 12. I'd start paying off your house out of that non-retirement accounts. But I wouldn't do it till you get this job up and moving. I think you're okay to get it up and moving, but you gotta, obviously you're not planning on making 50,000, you're planning on making 150, right? Yeah, maybe, hopefully more than that. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so, you know, in Salt Lake you're gonna be just fine doing that versus bay cost of living in the Bay area. So you, you're gonna be just fine. So, so then should, should I put on investing for retirement? Should I put on hold? No, it's 15% of your income. We're talking about $7,000. Got it. So keep doing that on my income.


And then how about paying? Yeah, don't put, you know, I wouldn't put any extra on your house right now. I would just sit on this nest egg and then as soon as you get comfortable with the income steadiness, I'm taking the majority of that 200. Not counting your emergency fund. I'm taking all of that stock And I'm throwing it on this house. But you knew that you've been listening for years. Yeah, yeah. I guess the main question was, yeah, how do I keep on investing? Or do I put that On? It's only $7,000 you keep on doing. It's 15% of your household income. 7,500 bucks, 15% of 50,000. You know that CPA? Yeah. Yeah, fair enough. It's not that much money now, but you get, and by the time you get up to 150, you're stabilizing, you're gonna start chunking on this house anyway.


And the whole thing, all your concerns are going away by then. Yeah. So what do you think the timeline is to go from 50 to 150? I'm hoping two to two to three years. That's not, that's not fast enough. That's not fast enough. Get aggressive. Okay. You're a high capacity dude. Act like it. You're not small potatoes, man. Sir, you're not used to playing at this level. Get back on this bike and kick it into gear. Drop it into fit, drop it into Overdr. Let's go. Let's go baby. Let's go. Yeah, get her done. You got the ability to kick this in. Don't play Mr. Conservative CPA, get her, get after it. You've been running supply chain.


You know what these curves look like. You can go get this thing. Go build this business, man. Good for you. Good for you. I'm proud of you. You made a good choice by the way. You chose life over working all the freaking time. Good for you.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows about student loan debt, it's me. My husband And I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for autopay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from your student loan debt. If you want it gone, you can't mess around. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave RAMSEY, your host Ken Coleman, number one bestselling author and host of the brand new hit on the RAMSEY Networks. It's called Front Row Seat. He's my co-host today. We appreciate you jumping in and joining us today. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Well, Ken, tis the season graduation comes along. Students are walking into the real world, sometimes out of college, sometimes out of high school with no direction on what to do.


I'm so proud of you and our team on what we've done with the get clear assessment. We've been using it as a get clear career assessment, find the work you're wired to do for several years. It's a huge seller at RAMSEY and a lot of you have taken it and it's helped you as, as an adult get moving. And now the student edition is here. Yeah, it is. It's find the work, you're Wire to Do Student Edition. And here's the, here's the story. If you're a grandparent or a parent, a family friend, and you've got a graduate, whether it's high school or college in your life, imagine asking them this. If you could use what you do best to do work you love to produce a result that you cared about and make a really good living, would that make you excited?


The answer from every young person, quite frankly, every person in the world would be absolutely. And that's what this assessment and book do. It's a, it's a self-awareness test on those three key areas. What you're really good at doing, the work you enjoy doing, and the results that that work creates, that lights you up. And then we drive you to figure out where that work can be done in the giant world of work. And this is the awareness, Dave, and confidence that we're not teaching in schools. So it's a, it's truly the gift that keeps on giving for that person who's launching, whether that be into higher ed or trades or coming out of either the trade schools or college. So great, great valuable gift There only 34 99.


The assessment helps 'em identify their strengths. The book will help 'em understand the results and figure out what's next. Find the work you're wired to do. Get clear assessment student edition out today, today's launch day. So you can get a copy at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. You can get 10 copies there too. You can get 25 copies there for all those graduation announcements that are coming in your mailbox. Just send them on right back. This is what you need that a lot of people give 'em total money makeover books too. That's right. Absolutely. So I, it's that kind of stuff. We wanna help youngsters get started on a solid footing. Stepping out into the real world. The adult world is a scary dead gum deal. Matt is with us in Ann Arbor, Michigan.


Hey Matt, How are you? I'm doing well, thank you sir. Good. How can we help? So my wife And I are in our early forties. We're about to turn 43 and 41 respectively. She just had our fourth child last year. And during the pregnancy she started having severe mobility issues after she gave birth, the mobility issues did not improve and her MRI results showed significant damage to her back and hips. And she's in severe pain most days. She has having to use canes in order to be able to walk in distance. She's barely able to do the stairs to go up to our master bedroom. What are the docs saying for the, what? What are they saying the fix is?


So there's some significantly invasive surgeries for the back. The, the doctors do not want to have to do that. So they're gonna try injections first to see if that helps at all. But for the hips, she is definitely gonna end up having, having to do surgeries at some point. So at this point it looks like she's gonna have one and a half to two years of recovery time after just the hip surgeries. We're hoping to get those done later this year. But with her, Is there a bedroom on the first floor? There's not. That's our problem. So you're moving. So Currently we have a three bedroom house. All three bedrooms are upstairs. We have two offices on the main floor, one of which we've converted into a bedroom for our 17-year-old.


We've looked at moving, we've looked at trying to do remodels, we've looked at potentially adding a residential elevator. All of these are either going to increase our debt. What's your, wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait. No, no, no, no, no. What's your house worth? So we bought it for three 20. We currently owe about 2 45 left on it. What's your house worth? So We could sell it roughly for 500. Okay. Buy another house for 500 and your debt does not increase. Right. And then my problem is I feel like we're going to just be throwing our equity out the window, Honey. We're basically, whoa. Stop, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.


Nobody spent any money. You moved your equity to the next house. You sell your house and you buy another house for 500. The only thing you're gonna be out is your selling expenses, but you're not throwing any equity away. So that's my other concern is we did go and look to get pre-approved and even selling our house for 500,000, taking the money we make off of it, paying off the one student loan of 45,000 that we have left and taking the difference, putting it towards the next house. We're only approved for 200,000 in order to maintain the current payment that we have of about 2000 a month.


So even selling our house for 500,000, How, how much? We're gonna end up something Wrong. Ford less house, Something's wrong. The only thing that's off is $45,000. Okay. I, you didn't tell me in the first round we were, we were paying off student loans. But hypothetically, okay, let's, if you didn't pay off the student loan and you sold your house, what's your current interest rate Premium at 4.125%. Okay. There's not much difference in that in what you can get out there now. You can get a five, five and a half right now. Okay. So I, the interest is not changing much. And you pick your equity up on a 500,000 house and you buy another $500,000 house. The only thing you're out is you're selling expenses.


You have the same mortgage basically. So you're either trying to move up in house. I think you're moving up in house. I think you looked at six and 700,000 houses, didn't you? I am not, no. Well, Did she? I don't know who I am. I mean, the numbers that you gave me don't work here between five and six. The numbers that you gave me aren't logical math. Okay. All Right. Do you understand that I, your current mortgage balance is what? Currently we owe two 40, about 240,000. Okay. So give or take, you have $250,000 in equity, not counting expenses.


So if you take $250,000 in equity and you buy another $500,000 house, you're gonna have another $240,000 loan. And the interest rate is very similar. So the payment would be very similar. You follow me? What's sir? Okay. That that's, so unless you're trying to move up in house, not counting the fact you're paying off your student loans out of this. So you payment's gonna go up some because you're getting rid, you're taking on an extra, instead of borrowing two 50, you're gonna borrow close to 300. Okay. So you're gonna move up $60,000 in debt with your selling expenses and other things. But that's perfectly fine. That all works. Or you can move the 17 year old's butt out of the little study and move him upstairs and switch bedrooms with it.


That's what I was looking to do is, yeah, That's pretty simple. Temporarily move us downstairs and then move him upstairs. Very simple. Very simple. Okay, So I, is there other aggravating situations to this? Is she obese? We're both heavier. Yes. Okay. So that's affecting all of this mobility as well because messed up hips and back when you're obese is like a nightmare. It's painful. It's super painful. 'cause you're carrying around like an extra person, right? Yes. That's no fun, man. I'm sorry. She's a Doctor of physical therapy. Yeah. So she's been trying to help herself. Exactly. Yeah. And so part of this is a weight loss re re process as well to help her to get, get her life back.


Bless her heart. I'm so sorry, man. Yeah, And I think your short term fix is to dump the 17-year-old upstairs. I don't care if he likes it or not, his mom's ill. He needs take care of the business. This is what we do. And if it's inconvenient for him, well whoopty, everything's inconvenient when you're 17. Deal with it.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips because they taste so good. That's why I love my Field of Greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable in Field of Greens was doctor selected for specific health benefit, heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water. And here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass, but it tastes great. And only Field of Greens makes this promise. Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey Trusted Agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're people you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey Trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash.


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and you wanna know where your money's going, you have to tell your money what to do. It's called a budget. It's the dreaded B word. You have to manage money like an adult, like it was your job to manage money, tell your money what to do. We'll show you how. We have a free budgeting training going on right now with the EveryDollar team. You learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget using EveryDollar. It's completely free. Did I mention it's free? Your biggest budgeting questions are answered on live q and a and we walk you through the whole process. Sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Joe is in Seattle. Hi Joe, How are you? Good. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I need to know how to financially support myself after separating from my husband. Oh, I'm sorry. How long you been married? We've been together 34 years. Good lord. What happened? Well, that's a long story. Okay. He's been basically living a life as a single person all this time. And I am just, I mean, I'm 64 and he's 68, but I am, I'm not, things are not gonna get any different.


Wow. And so I'm just ready to move on. Wow. We do have a net worth of a million 0.2. Okay. Thanks to, you know, doing your financial peace university. My goodness. Okay. But yeah, So you, If you split that, you have 600,000, right? Well, yeah, yeah. I guess. Well why, why would you not split it? Well, I guess I don't know how we, well, the, the IRAs are mainly in his name because it doesn't matter. I was like, it doesn't matter if you get a divorce, you get half. Okay. That's the law, hun.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I guess. I guess So. I don't know. It just seems more complex than that. No, not really. I mean, I'll have a pension coming from a job I had in my younger years. Okay. Well that I, that can be factored into the equation. Are there other assets? So we have house 4 42 in cash. Okay. Yeah. We own one. We own a home that's probably worth 360. Okay. Is it paid for And then We have, it's paid. Yeah. Okay. Who, Who wants that? Anybody?


I would probably want it because I have grandkids and it's set up for our grandkids. I guess the reason I'm having trouble figuring out how to do this is because I don't want him homeless. And we live in Washington state and everything is crazy. He's got $600,000. He is not gonna be homeless. If he does, it's his fault. Well, I, I mean, okay. So I guess he wouldn't be homeless, but I guess Well, He'd have more than 600. 'cause you got, you, you, you said you have 1,000,002 in mutual funds or million two total? No, total. So we have, yeah. Yeah. So if you took the house that's 360 of that, of your half. So you would only get like two 50 then and he'd get the rest of it.


If you take the house as your part, you follow me, you take the total and divide it by two, then you start just dividing this up. So a friend of mine says that a divorce turns a marriage into a business transaction. This is like, we've been, you just start going one for you, one for me, one for you, two for me. Yeah. We've, We've, I guess I'm trying to, I mean, I don't hate him. I, And I don't want him, I, I just don't wanna be with him anymore. And we've actually been living separately on our property for five years already. Although that's insanity. And I know it is. Yeah. That's why I'm, I'm like, I gotta do Yeah.


It's driving me mentally crazy. Exactly. You gotta paint her, get off the ladder. This is no fun. So, and that's a mutual thing between us. Yeah. So what, So he's Mutual insanity. Yeah. So he's in a motor home and I'm in the house. So He's already homeless. Yeah. I was getting ready to say, what is your big concern? Is, is it taking care of yourself financially Or him or him? She's worried about him. She didn't Think he could tie his shoes. What sounds like, yeah. What, what's the real thing for you? Are you, is there some guilt here? What's going on? I guess I feel, I don't, I want him to be able to, You want him to go away, but you don't want the consequences of the divorce.


Bingo. You want him out, but you don't wanna feel bad about yourself. Can't have both. You guys are not married, don't want, you're legally married, but you're not married. Right. I agree. We're not. Okay then act like it. We split this up. Sit down, divvy. So I mean, sit down with an attorney, divvy this, divvy this thing up. Everybody gets approximately $600,000 worth of something. And if you got 1.2, if that's the number, you got some cash to split up, you're gonna take the house and that's gonna take up a big chunk of yours. And then he's gonna get some cash and he's gonna have to find a lot to put the motor home on. Yeah. But I'm, but I guess my initial call was to you to find out, you know, yeah, I'll have some cash, but I need to figure out how I'm going to How much is your pension?


It it'll be 710. I don't have it yet. Oh, so it's not, it'll be Okay. No, it's not much. And I don't have much social security 'cause I was a stay at home mom And I homeschool their kids. Okay. You gotta Go to work and that. Yeah. You're gonna, you're gonna have to do Yeah, I know. You're gonna have to do something to create some income. 'cause you're not gonna have enough of a nest egg if you keep this house Right. To, to live off of the nest egg. Yeah. And that's why I initially called. So Yeah. So I guess let's say, let's say you get $300,000, you can take about 8% off of that and be safe. And so it's not much, it's 25,000 a year. And then you're little bit of social security and your little bit of pension and all that together is not enough in Seattle with a $360,000 house.


You gotta pay property taxes and insurance and you gotta eat. So How are you making it now? Well, I mean, we share everything. I do all of our finances still. I know. Does he have an income? Yeah, he, he makes about 110 a year. Oh, okay. So he's supporting you right now, so, okay. He, yeah, so he's, he and he's 68, but he plans on work until he is 70. So I, I mean, and yeah, We're acting. Yeah, I think, I think you're probably gonna develop some kind of a career if you keep this house mathematically, is what I'm saying. Yeah. I, no, And I have no, I have no qualms with that.


I'm actually more down to Olympia, not Seattle. So it's not as crazy expensive. No, that's Good down There as it is in Seattle. Amen. But my main question was to figure out how I'm gonna financially support myself. I know I'm gonna have half of the estate, so to speak, that's Not gonna last me if me my life. Yeah. But if, if you keep this house and you're gonna get about $250,000, give or take, and you know, if we round it up to 300, you're gonna have about, you know, 25 or $30,000 a year income off of that is all. So a couple thousand dollars a month plus 700 from the pension, plus five or six, 600 from Social security. I mean, you're gonna be looking at $4,000 a month. I'm not positive you can make it on that, but if you can run a budget No.


And make it on that kind of an income, you're gonna be fine. Otherwise, you're gonna have to supplement this asset base or reconsider keeping the house. Well, I mean, if I'm not keeping the house, I'm gonna have to pay Rent somewhere So I don't, not not the equivalent of $360,000 worth. So no, that's not true. But you, yeah, you're just wanting all of, you're, you're wanting rid of him, but you're not wanting the consequences of it. And that's what you're having to work through. I'm sorry. Wow. Wow. Yeah. I I think you're probably going to gin up some income from some kind of a career way. Gonna Have to, literally gonna have to, to your point, you laid out what she will bring in.


So does she need an additional 1500 a month? 2000 a month? 2,500 a month. And unfortunately at this age, she's going to be limited. There's no question about it. But she can get a pretty good hourly wage. She might be able to cash those Bills. Oh, I'm doing pretty good. You are? Yeah. I'm 64. Shut up. Yeah, But you've been doing this for a long time. She's not been working in the workplace for a long time. So she is limited in her role, but she better get after pretty quick. Yeah. Or reconcile with the dude in the trailer who's bankrolling her. That's a pretty interesting Story. 34 years now. What's up with him that he goes and Yeah, I'm not staying out there.


That's my point. He's willingly for five years living in the trailer and cousin Eddie out there in the backyard letting Her handle the finances. It's like he's got his own tree house. It's Rv, it's got me a RV Clark. Oh my God. Some mean poker games out there in that trailer. Wow.


Hey you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen y'all, there's a better way to take care of healthcare costs. Chm programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter. No purchase is necessary and you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


Ken Coleman, RAMSEY personalities, my co-host. You can visit us here at Ramsey Solutions in the lobby. We do this show on the glass from one to four central time, Monday through Friday. It's completely free. So is the homemade chocolate chip cookies and the coffee. And it's all good by the way. So there's usually 50 to 200 folks sitting out here And I'm hanging out with us. We appreciate you. Also, in the middle of it is the debt free stage where Trent and Becca are standing. Hey guys, How are you? Hi Dave. Good Dave. How Are you? Better than I deserve. Welcome. Where do y'all live? Orlando, Florida. Ah, Cool. Welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you two paid off? $535,000.


Whoa. She says breathlessly. I like it. And how long did this take? 18 months. 18 months. And what? Yeah, It's a story. It's a story. Yeah. I'm guessing. And your range of income during the 18 months? 2 45 to 3 45. Okay, Very cool. And the $235,000 worth of debt, what kind of debt was it? 535,000. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You, you're right. I, I'm still trying to catch up. Okay. Yeah, the 535,000 worth of debt. What was it? Cars, personal loan, alimony, lump sum, lots and lots of bad decisions and our mortgage. Mm, Nice. Paid off the house.


Yes Sir. How much of this was house? Well, we had two houses when we met. We're a blended family, So we had, we sold his house when we got married and then we paid off what's now our house. Gotcha. Okay. So, and the x as well, the lump sum alimony goes away. We have to pay off this. This is a good, this is a good move. Yeah. I like this. This is clean break. Very good. Yes sir. Very good. Okay, so what does that house bring? It's worth about three 90. The one that you sold. Oh. Oh, it was 2 0 5. I just did an assumption loan, So I just signed it over to my realtor. Okay. Alright. So, oh, it And, but that was part of the 2 35? Yep. Okay. So that one stroke got you down to three 30. Three 30.


Correct. And then from there, you gotta do that in 18 months, making 2 45 and then you get after it. Yes sir. Anything else? Big sold? No, She was gifted a luxury car from her grandparents that we sold and bought a 20-year-old minivan and dumped that on the house. There You go. Yeah. That's a good plan. All Right. Were they, were they freaking out when you did that? It hurt some feelings, yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Wow. Well it's that wild new husband you got, I'm telling you. Pretty much. No, you're clearing up the debt, man. How's it feel to be a hundred percent free? Oh my god. Amazing. Yeah, It's hard to explain financial peace until you experience it. Yeah. Wow.


Wow. I mean, when you get rid of an alimony payment, that's a, even another type of free on top of mortgage payment, free debt. I mean, all these other things are free, but you, I mean that, that's a, that's a sweet one to get rid of. Talk about the monkey off your back. Yeah. No pun. No. Careful, careful. I think that pun was intended. Alright. I'm in. I like it. Good for y'all. So what made you, as your part of your new blended family to go crazy like this and go down to the minivan, sell the house, throw everything clean up, clean up, clean up. 'cause that's what you're doing. You're cleaning up a mess from both lives. Yes. Well, So I, I had found you years ago when I was living with my two kids and my parents going through a difficult divorce.


And it changed everything for me. I got debt free on my own, living with my parents, saved an emergency fund, saved to buy a house. Moved out into my very first house with my two kids as single mom. Shortly after I met this good looking fellow. And on one of our first times talking together, he told me about his negative equity mobile. And it was kind of a turnoff, But We discovered that we were both on the same page. We were just in different parts of the journey at that point. Okay. So he talked the talk. He Wasn't bragging about it. He was not at all. He was just whining about it. That's a good sign. I like that. I traded in a truck, a car, and a boat for a car with a lot of negative equity in it, but it went from $1,900 a month to $600 a month.


So it was a huge Win heading. Heading in the right direction anyway. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So I've listened to your show so much and I'd heard people in similar situations and I've heard you given a lot of wisdom into those situations And I knew that we could do it together a lot faster than either one of us could do it alone, plus the emotional support of it. So I stopped my saving, started piling up some cash when we got engaged and the day after the wedding made a big payment on his, all of his debt. And we just tackled it together from there. Wow. Very cool. Very cool. So you're dating and she starts talking to you about this, this negative equity thing's not cool.


I kinda like you, but that ain't cool. What, what were you, what were you thinking? I was just being bluntly honest with her. This is my situation, this is where I come from and this is where I'm going. Okay. I just have a really small shovel and I'm making headway. I'm getting out. So When you're, when you're dating as adults with kids, there's not really the time to waste time like you do when you're younger. And we got right to the point with a lot of our questions and didn't really lie or cover anything up. It was like, how do you feel about this? How do you feel about that? Okay. We're, we're, we're a mutual connection here. And finances was a big part of that from early on. I bet. I bet. With what you had been through for sure. Yeah. And you weren't going back.


Yeah. I don't blame you. That's good. Very good you guys. I like this story. I'm curious to know how you accounted for an additional a hundred thousand dollars in income during this time. 'cause this is really relevant to a lot of people are feeling like, okay, can we do this? You all got out of this thing quick. Well, how'd you get the a hundred k increase? I got a bonus, I got a promotion. My and My bonus went up significantly as well. Yep. My company went through a reorganization and they required that we get our grant equity paid out in a small portion of it as they were getting going through that. So right after we got married and we made this first payment on his debt, boom, we got another windfall payout that we weren't expecting or, or asking for.


So money just kept falling in our laps for no real reason. Wow. There's a reason it's called blessings. Yeah. God's math. It's funny how it works Out. It doesn't make sense. Wow. Good for y'all. Good for y'all. I'm, I read a thing this morning. Coincidences when God's trying to stay invisible. I like that. Or stay anonymous. Yeah. Good for y'all. Well done. Very well done. I'm proud of you. How's it feel to be completely free? Amazing. It's incredible. We were talking to the Uber driver on the way here and he, like, he couldn't believe it, but he, he was very curious and like we, you don't understand it until you feel it or hear it from someone else.


So Yeah. Hopefully we sparked some seeds of change there too. I'll guarantee you did with him and all the people watching today too. Yeah. Great story. I'm so proud of y'all. Thank you. What do you tell people? The key to getting outta debt is The budget's a big one and, and being very intentional and on the same page with it that we, I mean we laugh 'cause we, before the, in the paychecks were even fully in our account, while they were still pending, we had already moved money into the, towards the debt, made payments on it. Like, let's not even stop and think about it. We're being very intentional. The money is going here, we already made a plan, we just have to execute it before we get the chance to, oh well we could do this other thing with it.


Nope. Just go ahead and do the plan. Very cool. Very cool. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a nurse and a director of patient services at a digital healthcare company. Business intelligence. A data nerd. Yeah. I love it. Love it. Just Recruited him to our company too. Love it. Well, congratulations, you two. We're very, very proud of you. Well done. All Right. It's Trent and Becca Orlando, Florida. 200 or 500. I did it again. $535,000 paid off house and everything in 18 months. Quite a story. 245 to 3 45 income.


Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. Ready? 3, 2, 1. We, Yeah, that is how it's done. I love it. Very cool. You know I don't get many alimony lump sum payoffs, but that, that is a freedom. I'm telling you that's the number of times I've sat down coaching someone and they've got ongoing alimony and ongoing child support and it's stuck in that budget. It's very difficult. This is a, so a lump sum was a great negotiation.


A good payout and selling off the other house, the two of them combining everything with a laser focus. Yeah, You can see it. You can hear that. That was a lot of pain and suffering in a good way. In other words like when you're working out in the gym, it is painful and it, there's some suffering. But on the other side of it, a real victory. And I think you can see it on them and you can hear it in that scream. So congratulations to a very intentional couple. They got a new lease on life that's exciting to watch.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. Alright, I'm about to say what everyone already knows, but budgeting is a good thing to do now actually starting. Well that's where people freeze up and you guys, it doesn't have to be that way with the EveryDollar budgeting app getting started is super easy and so is sticking to it. You can set up your first budget in less time than it takes to go through the Chick-fil-A drive through. It's fast. And the best part with unlimited budget categories, you can customize it to fit your life. Grocery runs, coffee runs, or planning your next family trip. Whatever you have going on. EveryDollar helps you see exactly what's happening with your money. You'll know what's coming in, what's going out and what's left over for some fun. Because let's be real, you need some fun in your budget. EveryDollar keeps budgeting simple and stress free just the way you want it. So go download the app for free and get started today. Again, go download EveryDollar today.


Got a little test for you As of this moment. The, it appears that the Trump administration has come to agreement with China on tariffs. And as of this moment the stock market is shooting through the roof. Huge rebound in the last two days. Now y'all all remember that we were all gonna die about a month ago. That the world was coming to an end that Trump's tariffs, negotiations and all that were going to ruin America. And that the stock market, you were gonna lose all your retirement and the stock market was crashing. We were all gonna die. Don't you remember the news?


It was just a month ago. Here's the test for you while you're surfing around today and in the next 24 48 hours, see if you find one positive news story about it going up. 'cause it's about back where it was at the first of the year now or about even from the first of the year. See if you find one story about all the losses have been completely recovered from January one, you won't find one because these people are, they, they, they really don't report the news. They're just in fear porn business. They just want you addicted to fear porn. And so if the tornado isn't gonna kill you, you're gonna lose all your retirement. Or there's gonna be a hurricane or an earthquake or all of the immigrants are gonna kill you or somebody's gonna kill you, something's gonna kill you, you're gonna die.


That's all they do over and over and over and over again. Find me one story where the, they report with glee on their face as much as they did with glee on their face when it was going down that the market has fully recovered as of today. You won't find it. I've been doing this for 30 plus years after the, the terrorists hit the towers in New York City. Stock market was closed the first day. 'cause Wall Street is right there, literally physically there. Wall Street, it's a street called Wall Street. Literally it's right below the towers. So they're cleaning up to be able to get back to work. And they didn't want the markets to reopen in a panic. And the stock market dove when it did reopen on the basis of America is under attack and the world's coming to an end and we're all gonna lose all our retirement and the terrorist attacks are gonna cause us to lose all wealth built.


Not a single report when 54 days later it fully recovered. Not one news outlet reported that America's economy is so vibrant, so strong that 54 days after the worst attack in history other than possibly Pearl Harbor on our soil, that the stock market dove and fully recovered in 54 days. Not one. So you just need, what this gives you is perspective of how things really work in the news business. Okay? And I'm, a lot of these guys are friends of mine. We do a lot of stuff with Fox. We do stuff on, Ken was on CNN, I mean different people or George was, or somebody was the other day.


We're on, we're, we work with all of 'em from time to time. But I gotta tell you, it's the business they're in. If it bleeds, it leads And you know, I'm telling you all the time, quit buying and selling your stock. Just get in your mutual funds and stay in and ride. This is how people build wealth. But instead we get all freaked out with the fear porn of watching tv, watching TV news or hitting websites even worse because they're definitely clickbait headlines about that. Try to trigger your emotion. Yeah, but you are not gonna find a report if you do. It's a, it's a one in a bazillion 'cause I always look just for fun of it. 'cause I don't generally scan the current events pages. They drive me nuts anyway because I know the people writing a lot of them and the, but the, you know, I'll go look, but I, I'll I'll be surprised if I find a single one anywhere.


But I mean front page headlines were that you're losing everything. Yeah, That's right. And I think we, while we're on this issue, we have to make sure that we understand there's a difference between the economy and what we're seeing on Wall Street. That's a speculative game. People are scared pulling their money out one day then the next day. And that is very different than the health of the American economy. Exactly. What's happening on Wall Street is not the same. No. Make sure you understand the Difference. Well, I mean, and the stock market in in general. You can just remember it's this in a given week. It's a 4-year-old having a temper tantrum. Yeah. Because everything's too good or too bad. One of the two. That's right. It's always a drama queen in a given week, in a given decade. If you look over the a decade, the stock market's a wise old woman.


That's right. She's very smart. 'cause she does gauge what's going on. But in a given week it's just a 4-year-old having a temper tantrum in the cereal aisle. 'cause the fruit loops aren't right there. That's right. That's all it is. It's just we, we, we, we, we bunch of drama queens, man. Alright. That's right. Lisa's in Tampa. Hey Lisa. What's up? Hey guys. So I have a, a mix of a financial and personal question. Okay. I am recently engaged. My fiance And I have been together a total of three years. We're gonna have a blended family, four kids all together. One from my previous marriage, three from his previous relationship. We're older. We had full separate lives and now we're attempting to kind of combine them and blend them and everything's pretty good except the financial differences that we have and how he manages his finances, how I manage mine.


We also have a large income gap. And so my question ultimately is, is it best for us to go a kind of more non-traditional route and kind of keep separate lies because we kind of need to, because it's so complicated? Or do I try to, for lack of a better word, force him to develop, develop better financial habits? How old are you two? We're in our forties. We both have, you're gonna Burn a lot of calories either way, aren't you? You said we're what? You're gonna burn a lot of calories either way. I'm, I'm hoping not.


I'm hoping that, you know, it can all be a failure. You're, you're gonna burn a lot of calories either way. 'cause either you guys are going to do the strain, the hard choices of getting on the same page or you're gonna underperform. Okay. 'cause all the data that we have shows that couples that work together are those that win with money. 80% of the millionaires that we interviewed were married and 80% of them claimed. One of the reasons they were able to build wealth was they were working together with a spouse, not in spite of a spouse. It's very clear data, Very clear. So when you say working together, right, because the, the nuance that I'm struggling with is he's an entrepreneur, small business owner.


You know, he's in that phase of, of developing his business. So the business hasn't taken off yet. And so Not like how long has been developing the business, About 10 years. He's not in the phase of developing the business. He doesn't have a business. He has a hobby. It doesn't take 10 years to develop a small business. It takes 10 months. I mean, the business is there. It just hasn't taken off to the level that he would Like. What does he make? What, what's his income? About 50? Yeah. Okay. And you make 200 and you make 200, right? I make 300. Yeah, 300. Okay. What do you do? I'm an accountant.


Okay. All Right. What's his business like then? You already knew what I said earlier then. Yeah. Unless you are, you do public accounting? Yes. Okay. You know, businesses don't take 10 years to take off then. Yeah. If you know your stuff. Okay. Yeah. It's just not true. So why is he underperforming? Does he not work much? No, he works a lot. And that's the thing. Like he's a hard worker, dedicated. I think it's just, you know, just partnerships gone wrong. And What kind of business is he in? It's a like a production company, like putting on productions and, and you know Yeah. Things like that. Okay. So I mean the, the nuance, the, the, the main nuance that I wanna share.


So is he good at what he does but not good at running a business? Potentially. Potentially. I think definitely. So that accidental entrepreneurs happen a lot. Yeah. And we find that with entree leadership a lot. There's, that's not a sin, it's just in recognition. So he needs to either learn how to run a business, not just learn how to do how to production. Yeah. Or he needs a different career. Yeah. Because he's got a woman he needs to keep. Right. And underperforming is not, no, you don't need to try to Go to non-traditional. We're gonna hold our nose and close our eyes and put our hands over our ears and go, la la la la la and act like this isn't happening. This is happening. Y'all deal with what's happening, deal with what's in front of you.


You can build a beautiful, wonderful life on the basis of what you've told me. But not by not by being in denial either one of you, for that matter, the awkwardness of you making six times what he makes needs to be talked about with a pre-marriage counselor. Yeah. You need to talk about his career and does he need to work on the business or does he need to Go to work for somebody? I bet you could make a hundred working for somebody else in the production world in freaking Orlando that where she was no Tampa. Okay. But yeah, still, still could. So let's ex pick up the book E-Myth by Gerber about working on your business, not just in your business.


For him. I think he's got great potential, but no, I'm not gonna act like this isn't happening. Go call every coach over,


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over to there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network completely free, and I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. By the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.