
Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Dr. John Delony, PhD in counseling host of The Dr. John Delony. Show number one bestselling author. He's my co-host today, Jackson's with us in Vancouver. Hi Jackson. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi there. Thanks for having me on today. Sure, man. What's up? Well, you know, I, I'm a big fan of your guys' show, so I thought I'd give you a phone call. I've been making some pretty good money working up here.


I work as a heavy duty mechanic and last year I made just shy of $200,000 a year and I'm debt free, but I don't have any sort of a financial plan. And I, I feel like I make too much money to not have some sort of a plan, and I don't want to feel like a fool who squanderers a fortune. Good for you. Very wise. How old are you? I'm 25 years old. Yeah. Some of the guys you work with have never even had the thought that you've had. They spend their whole life working their butts off and thank God it's Friday. Oh God, it's Monday. And got nothing to show for it. So you're very wise. You got a huge headstart at 25. Congratulations. Just asking the question puts you in the top 5%, dude.


So good. Yeah, That's, that's kind of why I'm trying to ask the question because I mean, I set a pretty high standard for myself. No, it's, it's not that high, but it's, I mean, you, but you're, you're way ahead of the game. You're way ahead of the game. So, you know, what you're finding is this, and, and the way you pose the questions very wise, Dr. Stephen Covey wrote a book that was vastly popular for about 30 years. It was on the New York Times and on the bestseller list for years and years and years, called The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People. The number one habit of the seven was that highly effective people are proactive. They happen two things instead of it happening to them.


And so that's the, that's the position of your question. You are now going to happen to your money instead of it leaving and you having no idea where it went. And John Maxwell used to say that a budget is people telling their money what to do instead of wondering where it went. And so instead of saying Ready, fire, aim, we're gonna say, ready, aim, fire. And so we're gonna write it down before the month begins where EveryDollar is going to go using the EveryDollar app, the world's best budgeting app. It's free for you to download and, you know, give EveryDollar an assignment contract with yourself if you have a spouse, contract with your spouse that this is, we're in agreement, this is what we're going to do with the money, and then we're gonna make the money do that.


I'm often asked by reporters, what's the number one mistake people make with money And the answer they think it's gonna be credit cards or student loans or something. No, the answer is they're not intentional. And so we're gonna flip this for you and say, you're gonna become a very intentional, and then that's gonna lead you to get outta debt, to save, to invest, to have the proper insurance in place. It's gonna lead you to make smart decisions. 'cause you actually are paying attention instead of a, instead of asleep at the wheel. So that, that's where we start. And, and so, 'cause right now you just throw the money in the account and then when it's empty, you quit spending. Yeah, I mean, for the most part, I don't really like, I, I get my paychecks and I, I pay my bills with it and then I don't really look at my account all that much.


I just kind of know there's always a good chunk of change in there. Yeah. And the kind of, it usually fluctuates between 15 and 25,000 just kind of up and down from there. But it's not really going ahead from there. 'cause I'm kind of just living, you know, and I need to make some sort of a plan. I thought, 'cause I'm, I'm making way too much money again. Yeah. That, that's a better, you know, you, you have the symptoms of someone who's getting ready, Topen, you're saying the words of someone who's getting ready to change their life. You have a healthy disgust. You're like, I I make too much money. I work too hard to be this broke. I'm dissatisfied. And so you're ready to change. That's perfect, man. Absolutely.


Jackson, if you could close your eyes and imagine 30-year-old Jackson, what would your life look like? Would you have a house? Would you have your own your own business where you got two employees working for you? What would that look like? I guess if I were to close my eyes and dream about it, it'd probably be yeah. A house and some sort of a business. I, I work as a mechanic, so some sort of a mobile mechanic truck. Awesome. That's kind of the dream for me. So here, here's, most people have these things that float in and outta their heads. You, you're laying under a truck, turning wrenches. You got somebody's podcast on and maybe your drive to work, your drive home. You've got this man, one day I wanna have a thing. What's really cool is when somebody in your position, 'cause most people we talk to are, man, they've got a, they've got a couple years ahead of them to just get to zero.


Right. You're already, you're, you're ahead of the curve. I would love for you to spend some time, and this sounds so cheesy, man, so just go with me. Really picturing yourself at 30 within your own house and what that house would look like. And then get online and find out how much that house would cost. And then as Dave says, you start being intentional about man, going out with the boys on the weekend is fun and cool. But dude, I have a picture of the house, so I'm not gonna blow $11,000 at various bars this year. That 11 grand is gonna go into an account because I want to have X dollars. So when I'm 30, I'm walking into my house that I own and nobody else owns it. Yeah. What's it, what's it cost to buy and equip this truck?


Yeah. So you're, you wanna have a real firm picture and Detail it out, get married, get a picture of it, and put it on the refrigerator. Yeah. You'll get married and that picture's gonna change 'cause y'all gonna do one together. But you're, you're, that's where that intentionality, it gives you a map towards a thing you want to get to. Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah. John's right. When you dream in hd, that's it As clear As possible in high definition where you can see the sweat coming out of the pores of the players. You wanna, you want to dream in great detail to, as to what it's gonna look like, what it's gonna feel like when you walk in that house. How, how are you, how are you gonna stand when you walk in there? Your chest is gonna be out. Your shoulder's gonna be back. That's right. You're gonna be slumped over with your head down And your buddy's are gonna be coming over to your house to hang out, not paying some, some bar owner to go into their facility.


Right. It's, it's just a different thing. Are you and your wife are gonna walk into this house when you, when you're 30 Yeah. And you're, it's a safe place for you or your kids, that kind of thing. Have you found, so something that has come up a few times over the last couple years is people get this HD picture and they strangle it. And I'm starting to wonder if having that HD picture is step one and then step two is having the discipline or the patience to hold that pretty loosely to You get what I'm saying? Oh yeah. 'cause it's never gonna be Exactly. It's never gonna be exactly what it is. Listen, You don't want the house That you think you're, you think of as a 25-year-old. Well, because, you know, they don't make 'em like they used to. Thank God. Right, Exactly. You know, You don't want the microwave from 1972 Yes. Car corn from today.


Right, right, right. You don't want the toaster oven from 1972. You want the steam oven from today, you know, you know, whatever it is you don't want, you know, skylights used to be real popular and then we found out they were pretty cheesy and they leak. And so people or water beds, people don't wanna Yeah. Water beds were cool. I found out someone on our team still has a waterbed. Don't, don't, don't say their name. I'm Not gonna say their Name. Don't, don't, don't shame. Don't shame them in front of million people. They should be ashamed, but whoa. That's, but like, it's get this real clear picture and get a path towards it and then hold it pretty loosely. Yeah. Then change it. So, yeah. You know, so in other words, I, in I I, I'll give you an example of that. That's very cool. So when I was 17, I saw the first time I saw that little two-seater Mercedes, that little hot, hot rod, you know, and I, I saw one the other day.


I'm glad I never got it. You at it. Yeah. But you know what, what that meant was though I wanted a really cool, nice car, right. Because I'm a car guy. Yeah. And I, today I drive a really nice cool two seater cars. One, one of my cars, a couple of them. And so, you know, but that, but it wasn't, it's not that car. It's not that car. It's not even a Mercedes. So, but It's the it's the direction, right? Yeah. But that, yeah. So it, it changes. Thank God it'll make 'em like they used to. Thank God. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of rip-offs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Zander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xander is the real deal and that's why they've handled a all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


John's in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hey John, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you for having me. I hope you're doing well. I am. How about you? I'm doing a been better been worse, but it's going in the right direction. Good. How can we help today? I was trying to get some advice, so I don't know if it'd be better to pay off the debt on my truck or paid down the negative equity on my wife's vehicle so that we can get her into a different vehicle. Okay. What do you owe on your truck? I owe 20,000 on my truck. And what's it worth? 27.


Okay, cool. And what's your wife's car worth? 32. Okay. And what do you owe on it? 57. How in the heck? Yeah. Did you, you must have rolled negative equity from the last bad deal into it. A couple of the last bad deals. Okay. Yeah, we, we've been stacking 'em, we stacked them on her car. Okay. Stupid on it's layers of stupid. Okay. Wow. Ouch. We've Not been very good stewards of what we've been given. Yeah. What do you guys make, what's your household income? We, we've made about 140 last year. Okay. And what other debts have you got?


So We owe 246,000 house and then We owe $1,800 on my truck's bed cover. And then there's just the two vehicles. That's it. Okay. Well obviously the 1800, you pay that off immediately. Okay. Yeah, I'm gonna pay that off In next month's, actually next month's budget. Okay. And, and then, let's see, we've got $77,000 in car debt. Yes. Can you, can you just sell your truck, take 5,000 of that seven and go buy a $5,000, get around car.


So actually I sold my other truck. This, this is the better end of it. I actually had a much more expensive truck and bought this truck to downgrade. Yeah, but you're not all the way at the bottom yet. And that actually cleared up like $16,000, But you still owe 20 on it, right? Yes. That's where we were like, Here's a rule of thumb. All Right. 77 out of one 40 if, if I like the cars and I'm willing to fight to keep them. The rule of thumb that we use mathematically is this, can I be debt-free? Everything but the house in two years without selling a car.


And the answer to that question is yes you can. Okay. Okay. So you can pay off $77,000 making one 40 in two years pretty easy. That's only 35,000, 38,000 a year. Okay. So that, that's pretty doable. Matter of fact, you ought to do it in about 18 months and, and knock it out really, really, really, really, really fast. So then the question you asked was, which one do we pay off first? You pay off your truck first because it's the smaller of the two debts. If you're trying to get rid of her car, you're 20,000 versus 20,000 then Yeah. 25,000 versus 20,000.


Are you sure your 32 valuation is correct? It's, we went to six different dealerships trying To get this car. That's what they offered you. This car that's what they offered you The best one offered us. 32. Okay. That's right around, that's, that's not a retail that's, that's a wholesale trade in value. Yes Sir. That, that means you could private sell that for 37 Probably. Yes. Well that's the number. I mean, no, dealers don't pay retail. They, they buy it at trade in 'cause they're gonna sell it at retail. So it doesn't matter is the answer to your question. Which one you do. You've gotta do both of them in the next 18 months.


And so $57,000. I'm sorry. Yeah. $77,000. Let's call it $80,000 in a year and a half. Okay. And so that, that's what I want to do. And then I'm just gonna divide that out and I'm gonna get with it. And so that's gonna sound like 4,000, $5,000 a month at these things. Well the thing is we actually just came into some pretty gift money. Well, Barry the lead, Lead with that one homie, what'd you come into? Well, I'm sorry. Well, so when I sold my truck, I got all my warranties back from the other dealership. So we got about $6,000 from them and then my wife started a new job and she got a sign on bonus of $12,000.


She got half of it just now. So we, we have Alright, pay off your truck. Roughly 30 in the bank Right now. Pay, pay off your truck. You got 30 in the bank right now? Yes. Okay. Pay off your well tomorrow When my wife is paid. Yeah. Pay off your truck today. Yeah. And pay off the 1800 and then let's start attacking her car with everything in the budget. Okay. Yeah. And take your, take your savings all the way down to $1,000, which is your baby. Step one baby. Step two is pay off all debts. Smallest to largest except the house. But you, you only have one debt left after tomorrow. So we're gonna pay off, pay off your stuff and then you're stuck with her car. And, and here's what I want you to do. Okay? Here's what I do in these situations. And so when I do stuff like this and every time you write a huge check towards $57,000 on her car and you need to do this in well under a year.


Okay. So you need to be putting 5,000 bucks a month on her car. Okay. Because you don't have your car payment anymore after tomorrow. Every time you send a check for $5,000 on that, I want you to cuss yourself under your breath. I was gonna say hit yourself in the face, but Daves it's probably safer. Yeah. Because I, what I do is every time, because you know, every time I used to write on a check in the four column stupid tax. Yeah. Because I'm paying stupid tax right here 'cause I'm did a stupid thing. And by the time you finish paying off this car, you'll be so pissed off, you will never do this again. That's what I want. That's what I, that's how I do it to myself. I, and it's not, it's not destroying my identity and I'm not shaming myself or condemning myself.


It's, I wanna learn this lesson so it never happens again. So the next time a car dealer walks towards you, you know, he could get hurt. I mean it's just like we're not, get away from me. 'cause you don't do well on car lots. I can tell. Yes. You've gotten gotten beat up. I I Dave, I actually love that. I love that. And you, 'cause you'll do it with a smile on your face, but it's a, you, you are taking a moment to to, to sound woo woo. You are taking a mindful moment to absorb the consequence of you not making good choices. And that's important. It's, it keeps you from doing it again. Exactly. We're trying to break the cycle re you know, let's put some new grooves in the brain patterns and the neuroscience here.


You Got $20,000 of dead money that should hurt every, for four months when you write $5,000 checks Or 30, it's a stack of three bad car deals. Oh. Stacked on top of each other. So yeah. Enjoy that ride out. 'cause it it's gonna be your last one. In other words that that's what I want you to do. And Yeah. Just, and I'm not picking on you. I I have done, I have done dumber things than you've done. I'm just saying learn the lesson. If you got a, if you're gonna get the scars, if you're gonna get the bruises, at least learn the lesson. Yes. And permanently. And so, you know, we used to, somebody would call and go, you know, I've messed up my credit. I would always say good. Yep. Keeps you from getting more. Yeah. Now and, and you're only 23. You can learn your, you've, you got the whole rest of your life to live without worrying about that.


I one less thing as Forrest Gump used to say, Dave, it can we just just say this out loud? Rolling. Negative equity is in the, like, I can't think of a rolling negative equity on a depreciating asset. I can't think of a, of a dumber way to set money on fire in your house. Well and that's not picking on John. No. Everybody, it's all of us that have done that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm again, not just poking on him, but the, the thought that that's an option. Yeah, Well it's Just Madhouse and, and what it is. It's just stacking stupid. Yeah. I mean we, we got stacks of stupid here. Three, three deep and Yeah. And here's the thing. Overall, the whole thing of car payments falls in that category. Right? There you go.


It's the largest item in America that we buy that goes down in value. The only thing we buy that's larger is a home. Yeah. I mean 98% of people anyway. Right. And, and we buy a 40,000, a $50,000 car and it loses 60 to 70% of its value in the first four years. And so you're setting money on fire when you buy a new car to start with. That's if you pay cash for it. But let's go ahead and finance it so that we're upside down while it's burning to the ground and, you know, and, and, and let's just make sure we pay some interest or worse than that, let's lease it the most expensive way to possibly operate a vehicle.


Well then the brake squeak and the dealer says, oh you should, I can just put you in a new one. Yeah. If you just gimme this one, we'll roll it. We'll if man just getting a mess. I've always got a new to have a new car except for those months when I was driving that car and it was used. But yeah. Golly, the things we say, yeah, don't buy brand new cars unless you have a net worth of a million dollars or more. And don't buy cars unless you can pay cash for them and they should not. All the things that you own with motors and wheels should not total more than half your annual income. You have too much tied up in things going the wrong way. You're gonna be broke people your whole life.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my field of greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable infield of greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water and here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass but it tastes great. And only field of greens makes this promise. Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's field of greens.com/ RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Lemme Tell you the gods, It's holy week in Jerusalem. Crowds Welcome Jesus. As king rebellion is in the air, Jesus operates outside Our jurisdiction Room will descend on us all. But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables. My House shall be called the house of prayer. But you make it the end of thieves, The world will never be the same. Now in theaters the chosen last supper, get your tickets now


Drew is in Tupelo, Mississippi. Hi Drew, how are you Doing well Dave, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So my wife and I were wondering if I should stop investing 10% into my 401k and continue to save in order to get close to the 20% down payment on a house. Okay. We call that baby step three B three. Is your emergency fund fully funded? We're not touching that. Four is putting 15% baby. Step four of your income into retirement. You're currently putting in 10. So sometimes people before they start baby step four, putting 15% away, don't start it for a short period of time and use that cash like you're talking about to build up the down payment.


Or they put in less in their 401k and use the difference temporarily for one or two years to save up the down payment. So the answer to your question is yes, but as soon as you get that down payment in place, baby step four kicks in and it's 15% of your household income going into retirement at that point. Okay. She's currently in vet school. So we have the, we're the only, I'm the only line of income right now. I'm making 83,000 a year and we've got 70,000 in savings. 8,800 401k and I've got 30 5K set aside for emergency funds.


So we were looking in our area, the houses we were gonna buy were around $300,000. And I was basing that off of being able to put down 20%, which would be 60 K. And once she starts her job, we should be close to 200,000. Do you think that's reasonable? Yeah. 'cause you'll knock that little bitty debt out real fast and have a paid for house. Okay. Once she starts, right when she graduate Next May. Okay, so we're looking to buy Yeah. As soon she graduates. What's her, what's her practice plan? Is she gonna join a local practice or does she know She's gonna work for between five to eight years and then open up her own business and become a business owner?


Yeah, But has she got a a place to do that? Yes. Yes. She's had job offers. Okay. Anywhere from a hundred to 120 with $75,000 signing bonus. That's pretty standard for vets. Yeah. And she'll be making 200 in five years. Absolutely. Yeah. I mean that's, that's a great field. So good for her. Good for you. Well done. Yeah. And if so, if you're buying a $300,000 house, you're putting down 60, that's two 40 and then you start making 200 and that's your only debt man, you're gonna knock that out pretty quick. Agreed. Yeah. I hope so. That's the plan. Yeah. And, and then, you know, save up and pay cash and move up in house later.


Once, once you're making three or 400 K in the household and you've got no debt on that house, you can sell that house and for 500 by then put some money with it and buy a million dollar house. You'll be able to do that. That's gonna be your future out there 10 years. Yeah. If you pay that house off real fast, drew, when she gets done, the, the biggest thing I see when people graduate with their big graduate degrees, whether it's an MD or a nurse practitioner or vet, is their colleagues all drive really fancy cars and they all have huge houses that you go to at Christmas and you start thinking, am I doing something wrong? You need to get a different house or bigger house. If y'all can stay in that 300,000 house and pay it off in a year and a half and she starts socking away that house payment for the practice, the purchase of a practice in eight years or her own metal building that she's gonna turn into a shop man, then y'all win.


What I see vets do is they go and they get a big house and then they borrow a million dollars to buy into a practice or to start their own. And then they are, they're just up to their eyes and ears in, in, in debt. And so man, you guys have a chance to Do this thing. Well they buy $95,000 dually 'cause they have a large animal practice. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So you can get out over your skis on this or do you can look up in 10 years, have a paid for nice house, a paid for practice and you are just in gravy train. Yeah. Because you don't care what anybody else thinks. That's right. Yeah. You're on track, dude. You're really thinking this through. You've done a great job, by the way. Yeah. You're way ahead of the curve already. And then your questions are excellent and Cheers to, to cash flow in a vet degree.


Man that puts you in the, in the rear air. My brother. That's awesome. Ding ding, ding ding ding. Sherry's in Atlanta. Hi Sherry, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Hi. I had a question. My husband and I are both getting closer to retirement. I'm 62. He's 67. We have two small insurance policy that I was thinking about cashing in. Mine is a universal life insurance policy. It's the death benefit is 66,000. And if I cashed it in it's like 15,000. His is a whole life policy. If he cashes it in, it's like $10,000 and the death benefit is 14,000.


They both have very low monthly premiums. Mine's like fif $25 a month and his is $14 a month. Yeah. 'cause You don't have any insurance. So that I You don't have any premiums. The what's your nest egg? Well, we got a late start or he did. He was a, his plan was the rapture plan. I'm the nerd and I've saved about 800,000. Oh, he was gonna leave you behind. Okay. So you were smart. You got 800 grand saved. Good for You. God, he married well Sherry Is your house your, is your house paid off?


We owe about 15,000 left. 16,000. You got that in checking 16,000. Yes. Yes we do. I have about 60,000 in savings. Yeah. Pay it today. Okay. And do you need life insurance if he dies? I've got just term life insurance through work. Your house is worth what? Thousand? Your house is worth what about About five 50. Okay. And, and you got a million dollars saved almost. Okay. So yeah. So you've got a million and a half dollar net worth. You're 61 years old. He's 67. If he dies today, can you make it with, without the $14,000 policy? Yes.


Sherry, you've crushed it man. You follow me. Excellent job. Okay, so that means you are self-insured and you can cancel this policy. Okay. You've got the one through work that's a little extra. Is that on you or him? The the 600 through work is me. He's got one that is about two 50, but his expires when he turns 70. Mine expires when I quit work. Good. Okay. Either way, if they expire, you're fine. Okay. But you don't Cancel those Well you don't need to cancel 'em. They're free. Right? The ones that work Right? Oh no, I, no, the one that I paid a supplemental one.


It's like, I don't know, $125 a Month. Yes. It's just some term insurance. Some a RT at work. Right. Okay. Yeah. Yes. You have enough insurance and enough assets to care for you without these two policies. Is that a true statement? Yes. That's these Two little policies. Oh, the little Policies. Yes. The little ones you called me about. If they disappear, if you don't get that money, you're just fine. You're not even gonna notice. Yeah, That was, that didn't sound convincing. Crazy For my kids. Like 66, your kids have $800,000 And a 500 half a million dollar house. You don't, you don't need 66,000 from a rip off whole life company.


No, I cancel both of these immediately. 'cause you are easily under control without them. Okay. And pay off the house today anyway. And then if I paid off the house, do you think the monthly house payment that we're making, should I just go ahead and take that amount every month and start piling it in my 401k? Why not? Wouldn't hurt a thing. Sherry, will you? Okay. Will you make me a promise? Okay. My mom's a little bit older than you, but I'm gonna pretend you're my mom for a second. Will you do me a favor? Sure Will. Will you pay your house off today and cash out both of those policies and take you and that rapture husband of yours out on a vacation?


Or at least a real fancy, fancy dinner? Well, we're planning to do our, like our last big whoopie before we retire or he retires here. We're doing like a Iceland, Norway. Oh Good. I like That Here coming up in May. Good. That's good. Okay. That makes me happy for you While you're there, buy a ridiculous bottle of wine. Yes. Yeah. You're millionaires kiddo. You did It. You've been white knuckling this thing for a long, You've been holding so tight and you're sweating over a $14,000 policy. Cancel that. Pay off your house today. Wow. That's so cool. Good for you guys. You're heroes, man. I love America.


For free tools and resources to help you reach your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or click the link in the show notes. There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage. Just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchhomemortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.


Glen is with us in more Oklahoma. He is one of the many teachers across America teaching Ramsey's foundations and personal finance to high schoolers. So we wanted to have him on and talk about that a minute. Hey Glen, thanks for doing that, man. Hey, you're welcome. I, I enjoy what I do and it's all because of you. Well, no, I mean you're the one in the, in the classroom dealing with all this. It's pretty cool. So you're in Moore, Oklahoma. Is it Moore High School then? Yes it is. It's Moore High School. Where is Moore in Oklahoma? Right south of Oklahoma City by about 1820 miles. Okay. So we're literally a part of Oklahoma City.


I gotcha. Okay. Well we were a little bit east of there in Ada the other day for a funeral. Okay. Oh wow. That's pretty close. Yeah. Right, right, right in the right in the neighborhood there. Yeah. So, so how many students are enrolled in the high school? 2,600. Oh, it's a big school. All Right, cool. How many in your class? I teach two section or two. Two sessions of your class right now. And then I teach three other classes, but right now I have 25 a class. So I got 50 kids in, in total with doing the the foundations class. Cool. Thank you for doing that man. We really appreciate it.


How long you been doing that? I've been teaching financial literacy for 13 years and with yours the last three years. Okay. And I won't and I won't teach in any other way besides your way. Wow. Well thank you. Thank you. So how much do the kids challenge you? Like, Hey Mr. So and so do you really do this? They ask me all the time and I always tell 'em, I said, well, just like Dave, I was, I I was once, you know, made my way, then I had to file bankruptcy and I learned the hard way and then come back out and then I can be that person that can give the real truth and the honest answers to the kids. And that's the only way I believe teaching. Yeah.


Well I'm, and you're teaching, the thing we always hear, and I bet you've heard it as well, is that the kids like the class 'cause it's something they can actually realize they're gonna use the Pythagorean theorem. Maybe not, but definitely knowing to balance a checkbook for sure. A hundred percent. And that's, that's kind of what I tell 'em. I said it's the most relevant class they'll ever take in high school because every day they'll deal with money. Glen, how much do you have to deal with parents who challenge you on a credit card deal or a car lease or something like that? I don't have any of any challenges like that, but I do challenge my students with that and you know, 'cause I asked for insight from the kids and, and when we talk and stuff like that and then there's not, there's, there's, there's only when we do a, a parent teacher conference that parents come in and then when we sit down we start talking that they find out exactly what we're talking about.


'cause I open up everything to 'em, I show 'em everything that we do in the class and they're like, oh my gosh, I wish we would've had this when we were in high school. And I said, exactly What do you would like? So whenever I, I see politicians or even me and my team, we get in a room and we're talking about what quote unquote these kids these days they're dealing with, you're in there every day when it comes to money. What are these high school kids like? Obviously they don't know about credit scores, they don't know about debt, they don't know about that kind of stuff, but what do you see them really worrying about? Food and shelter. I mean that's the biggest things. I mean, I, I try to talk to 'em about cars, but you know, with a school of 2,600 kids we are, you know, pretty, pretty large school and a lot of kids just worry about having a job to help their families out get by.


Yeah. So they bring to me their employers, you know, they'll, they'll try to bring me a W four and and tax information to help 'em fill it out, you know, to try to get 'em a resume, you know, built anything like that. That's amazing. And and Glenn and Dave. Yeah, we keep continue to hear that, that there's all of this rhetoric about all this other stuff going on in the average American and their high school kids. Who by the way, if, if you're a parent of high schoolers, they're absorbing everything is, hey, how are we gonna buy eggs? Right. How are we gonna, how are we gonna buy groceries? And so man, I'm so grateful that you're there walking alongside them. Wow. That's amazing. That's beautiful man. Thank you so much for doing this. We really appreciate it. And we got a, we got a sponsor first United Bank and Trust apparently bought the curriculum and donated it to the school, right?


Yes sir. We are very honored to have that done for us. Yeah, that, that makes a big difference as well. 'cause we've got lots of local businesses all around the US that step up and buy the foundations for foundations of personal finance for the local school. And that helps a teacher like Glen be able to teach this to a hundred students a year, three years. So you've got some graduates out there in the wild that have been through our stuff. You hear back from any of them. Yes. And a lot of 'em come back and, you know, the, the first thing I always talk about this course is, is income. But I talk about the investing aspect that they have a savings account to open up a mutual fund, you know, like you talk about. And then kids take their, take their money out of a savings account 'cause it's drawing nothing and you're just wasting it.


And kids will come back and be like, Hey Mr. Pret, I'm so happy that I had your class that I invested this money and, and I'm, you know, not having to pay for, you know, things outside right now because I've got grants and scholarships that you talked about. The easy way to pay for school, you know, Oklahoma promise. They, they went through all the, the things that we, we try to cover in class and I get across to 'em and they come back and I'm just amazed with the, with the knowledge that some of these kids come back with and the, you know, their, their blessing basically coming back. I mean, 'cause that's what it is to me is it's a blessing that I'm able to teach this and get this out to the students and then they in turn come back and let me know that they're being successful.


Wow. Awesome. I'm proud of you, man. You're a hero. I re I remember high school distinctly that there were only two categories of teachers, those that mailed it in and everybody couldn't stand them. And the teachers that really gave a crap and were all up in the kids' lives and helping us and helping us move to the next level. And and you're that guy. You're the one that's the, that they'll remember the rest of their lives. I can name 'em still. And it was 45 years ago. I, I can name you exactly who was there that, that made a difference and I strangely have forgotten the other ones. But yeah, the the ones like you, I, they, they're, they, they're embedded into our psyche because that's the, the power of being a teacher for a, for an adolescent. Absolutely fabulous.


Thank you sir. We appreciate you so much. For any of your teachers listening, you can enter the RAMSEY teacher appreciation giveaway. It's free to enter no purchases necessary. One teacher's gonna win a $5,000 vacation 'cause we love teachers. And two more teachers are gonna win a $3,000 vacation each. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher to enter April is National Financial Literacy Month. And we celebrate that by celebrating teachers and highlighting men and women like Glenn in the classroom. And just to stop and say, Hey, we appreciate you. We appreciate the fact that our class stuff's being taught and there's no other way it would get taught.


Changing gears. Let's face it, our money and relationships in America are outta whack. Dr. John Delony to my right and I will be in six cities coming up, starting in about two weeks. We're gonna be in Louisville, Kentucky, April the 21st doing live events. And you're gonna pick the subjects in the audience before we get up there in the 30 minutes before the curtain goes up, we're gonna put a, a list of stuff out that John can talk. I could talk or we can talk together. You're gonna pick 'em and then we're gonna do 'em ad hoc. We're gonna throw it together and do a show that night. So none of these shows will be alike. It's gonna be very fun. Very interesting. Louisville, Kentucky, April 21, Durham. April 23, Atlanta. April 25. That's Monday, Wednesday and Friday two weeks later.


Monday, Wednesday and Friday is Phoenix. May five, Fort Worth, may seven, Kansas City, may nine. You can get your tickets. They're not sold out, but they're getting close. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour or click the show notes on YouTube or podcast. Make sure you line up John. That's gonna be really fun. Gonna Be wild in the streets, man. That last planning meeting we had that I left, I left. Pretty excited. Yeah. It's gonna be a fun show. Well, you and I both like making stuff up on the fly so as opposed to following the rules, but yeah, that's and that's what we're gonna do. It's not, not, I mean it's not made up but I'm saying the, we're not coming in and talking at you. We're saying, what do you wanna learn about tonight?


Be with you. That's right. And whatever you wanna learn about tonight, we'll teach you and it's gonna be very interactive and a high, high experience process that's different than maybe you've ever been to. So I'm looking forward to it. I think it's gonna be a lot of fun. So make sure you get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com. Get signed up while you can.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright? You've heard me say it a thousand times and I'm gonna keep saying it. You are worth being well. And listen, therapy can help. I see a therapist and let's be honest, a lot of you should too. But let's be real. Taking that first step to see a therapist can feel overwhelming. Maybe it's the time. Maybe you have some preconceived notions about therapy. Maybe it's the cost, but we spend money on gym memberships, organic groceries, essential oils, little league practices, tracker watches. But for some reason, when it comes to our mental and emotional wellbeing, we hesitate. Listen. Your mental and emotional health are just as important as your physical health. And the good news, BetterHelp makes therapy more affordable and convenient than ever since it's online. You can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. No waiting rooms, no long commutes, and no six month waiting lists. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch at any time for no extra cost. Listen, your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get started. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, RAMSEY personality, PhD in counseling host of The Dr. John Delony Show. Very popular show on the RAMSEY Networks. He's my cohost today as we answer your questions about your life and your money. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jessica is in Richmond, Virginia. Hi Jessica. How are you? Hi Dave. Hi John. Thank you so much for taking my Call. Our pleasure.


What's up? I just found out recently that I am scheduled to go to court in May because Bank of America wants to garnish my paycheck and I just don't know what to do. I can't afford to have 25% of my paycheck garnished every two weeks. I don't know if there's anything I can do to prevent it or I don't know where to go from here. Okay. What do you owe Bank of America? My ex-husband ran a, a credit card years ago. It's, it's about $10,000. A little less than $10,000. Okay. And how long has it been since you paid them?


Oh, years. Years. How many years? Like almost it was, it's like eight or nine years old. Good. That's wonderful. Okay. And so this has your name on the credit card and your ex-husband's name on the credit card. His name is not on the credit card. The credit card is only in my name. The divorce decree require he pay any of it? No, we, everybody just got their own debt in their own name in the divorce. Okay. Except that his dad has got your name on it, but other than that, yeah.


Okay. Ex Exactly. Yeah. All Right. What do you make? 1700 every two weeks to take home. Okay. And how many kids have you got? Three. What ages? Two are older, one is elementary school age, Older as in over 20. And they're not your problem? Correct. Okay. Well, well technically yes, No, technically they're not your problem. Still living at home. Okay. One still lives at home. Yeah, but he's over 20. Okay. And he needs a job and needs to be buying his own stuff. Yeah. Okay. So 1700, what do you do for a living?


Broad, broad description of social work. Okay. All Right. And I'm one elementary school. You got any family in the area? None to speak of? No sir. I'm guessing you have no money. Just the thousand dollars emergency fund. Okay. How much other debt do you have? I owe my dad about $6,000 for a car. I have about $2,500 in collections in medical debt and about four separate student loans that total about $26,000.


When did you get divorced? The divorce was finalized a few years ago. Okay. Like, I, I don't even remember like 2022 or something like that. Alright. Now, so they have sued you and asked you to come to court. Has there already been a court date prior to this one? It was years ago. It was when it, it, it was years ago. I don't remember when it was, but it was a really long time ago. I wasn't able to go to court that time because I was in the middle of a foreclosure at So did they take a, did they, did they take a judgment lien at that time?


That's my understanding, but it never showed up on my credit report, so I don't know. Okay. All Right. I assume yes, because okay, now I'm being garnished. Well, no, you're not being garnished yet. There's a hearing for you to be garnished. Maybe there may be a hearing to renew the judgment first. Okay. So the judgment has to be complete and then they execute on the judgment by collecting any assets. And one of the ways they execute is a garnishment. Okay. And so I'm not sure exactly what your court date is 'cause you're not, it sounds like though, that they're trying to reinvigorate an ancient judgment lien in order to execute on it and file a a garnishment.


It sounds like they're gonna do that, but they're not garnishing, it's not automatic that this is gonna happen. Okay. So first thing I wanna do is I wanna really dig in, call the courthouse and ask to talk to the judge's assistant or the judge's paralegal and find out exactly what the status of this account is. And do you have a judgment and ask her how the procedure works there, her or him, they, one of the clerks in the judge's office will walk you through what's going on here and you gotta get, become an expert in 20 minutes on a tiny couple legal maneuvers. Okay. And, and then ask them, I've got kids at home, I'm broke, I'm a single mom. What can I do about this garnishment before to keep it from happening?


If they're actually going to do that because Bank of America said it's gonna happen, does not mean it's gonna happen. 'cause you can tell a Bank of America credit card collectors lying if their mouth is moving. Okay? Right. They are scum. They lie, cheat and steal every day. That's why no one should ever do business with that bank. They're filthy. All Right. And so, I don't know, based on what they did to scare you. 'cause you're scared we can hear it in your voice. They accomplished that goal, but I'm not sure that they told you the truth. As a matter of fact, I'm fairly sure they didn't. Okay. Now I mean the I'm sorry, go ahead. Go ahead. I don't mean to interrupt you.


You're fine. Go ahead. I I was just gonna say, it's just my, my ex-husband was extremely abusive and now just having this brought up again is just, Oh yeah, it's emotional. Bringing It all back and it's, It's emotional. I don't blame you. I just want it to go away. I I want it to go away too, but it's not going to till we deal with it. Okay? It's not gonna go away by ignoring it. We found that out over the last five years. And Jessica, your, your divorce was finalized two years ago. Can I give you a promise? Okay. Avoiding this again, just reinforces that sense of powerlessness that you feel. And we live in a culture that says just avoid anything uncomfortable and it's burying people.


And so here's my promise to you. If you'll find a friend, find a coworker, take 'em to coffee and say, I've never told anybody this. I got this judgment, I this horrible thing. Will you walk alongside me? A you're gonna give somebody the greatest gift another person can give somebody, which is the question, can you help me? You know, and do the same thing with your pastor at your church. Yep. You need to go tell 'em what's going on and see if they'll help you. Now walk through all of that to say through walk through. Now let's go. Let's go to the end of it. Here's what we're gonna do. They will take, because the probability of them collecting this is close to zero, 98% of the people facing what you're facing file bankruptcy and they get zero. You don't need to file bankruptcy over this. You do need to scrape together 1500 to $2,000. Right? Quick selling some stuff.


Take an extra job or three, Tell your 20-year-old to go get a job. Tell your 20-year-old to get three jobs. We gotta scrape together. Maybe the church chip in and help you a little bit. We need to scrape together 1500 to $2,000 and offer that to them as a lump sum settlement. They will say, Gloria, hallelujah. I got some money outta this woman. I didn't think I was ever gonna get a dime. And they will take that as a settlement in full and the whole thing goes away. That's how you settle this and it goes away. The only other thing you can do to stop a a garnishment is file bankruptcy. And I wouldn't do that. I, I would fight 'em tooth and nail. I'd go down there, get in the judge's face. I'm gonna learn all about this. I'm gonna make this my new hobby and I'm gonna put this abusive crap in the rear view mirror permanently.


So the good news is you haven't paid on it in a long time and they will settle for pennies on the dollar. 15 to 20% will settle this on a 4-year-old debt.


Hey guys, I'm super excited to announce that two of the goats of sticking to a budget have finally teamed up. That's right. RAMSEY and Aldi are partnering together because well, groceries cost a lot of money. And besides that, most stores are designed to trap you in a maze, a sad, expensive maze. But Aldi is different. Aldi gives you simpler, better food choices that save you money and get you in and out so you can focus on what really matters from affordable, high quality must haves to grass fed meat, organic produce. And yes, even name brands, Aldi has what you need at prices that won't steal your joy. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi. Find a store near you today at Aldi us. That's a ldi us.


All Right. I wanna shout out our teachers for a minute. You guys give so much to our kids every day. And often those days that stretch into your nights and weekends, seriously, you deserve a break. And by that I mean a dream vacation. All you have to do is enter the RAMSEY teacher appreciation giveaway sponsored by RAMSEY Education. There's no purchase needed to win. And you'll get bonus entries if you refer your teacher friends. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher


RAMSEY show question of the day is brought to you by why refi? Before I do that, I'm gonna stop, I'm meant to do something coming back from that. Okay. So some people listening to that last call are like, bank of America will settle for 15 cents on the dollar on a 4-year-old debt. The answer's absolutely, and I'll give you the proof. A couple of years ago, I think about three years ago, four years ago now, we decided to do something weird at RAMSEY as part of our Christmas celebration for our team. And I've worked with and negotiated old bad debt for the, on the behalf of clients at anywhere from five or 10 or 20 or 30 cents on the dollar for 30 years to get people out of debt that were broke like that poor lady and scared like that poor lady.


So I knew that market was there and we contacted, you can buy old bad debt in bulk and there are companies that buy old bad credit card debt and then try to collect it and you buy it at pennies on the dollar and try to collect it at dimes on the dollar. And you make, you make the spread. If that's the business. If they're a debt buyer, that's what they do. So we bought $10 million worth of bad credit card repossession and medical debt for $259,000. That's two and a half cents on the dollar.


So we paid two pennies, three pennies on the dollar for $10 million worth of debt. There were 8,000 accounts and we did it to forgive it, it was part of our Christmas deal. So we've got a thousand team members. We gave each of them eight people to call and say, you know that debt, it's forgiven in Jesus' name. We bought it and we're forgiving it in Jesus' name. Merry Christmas. And that was our Christmas fund. That was awesome. And we had so much fun with it. It was so people were crying. Yeah. They thought we were con artists. They didn't believe us. It was so fun. But we, but you know, the point is not that we're wonderful people, although that was a very fun thing to do, but the, that's not the point. The point is, we bought that for two and a half cents on the dollar.


And that was, you know, many times a car that was repoed four years ago. Three years ago. They don't think they're gonna collect it. That's the point. And so when someone gets that far under, very seldom does the bank ever get their money. If they do corner someone, like they did her put 'em in court, they typically file bankruptcy and they get zero. Hmm. So that, that's what normally happens. So banks are aware of those probabilities. They know the value of that $10,000 account is probably, you know, couple of hundred bucks. So she, so she shows up in that case with 1500 bucks And says they're gonna, they're gonna be, they won't act like it to her. They're gonna be jerks to her 'cause they're Bank of America.


But, but, but they're gonna be hard to negotiate with. But believe me, they're gonna take, you'd Be really happy. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's 15 cents on the dollar, not two and a half cents on the dollar that I was talking about. And that sounds kind of absurd to people who are used to paying their bills and all that kind of a thing. But in that world, that's a very standard way of looking at things. 'cause it's the probability of collection, right. Every day a credit card goes unpaid, the probability goes down dramatically. That's right. And I always want to, as a guy who, Dave, I, I pride myself on pay my bills on time. I pride myself. I always want to remember that voice that I just heard that's gonna haunt me for a while. Dave is the woman who had an abusive marriage.


The court did what the court did. She's got three kids. She's got like, there are things that pop up in people's lives and that's where gen, that's why you live and give like nobody else, right? You get these moments like this for people. And I'm glad that there's those situations they can walk in and say, here, can I just settle this thing and be done with it? Yeah. It's Awesome. And and they'll, she'll be able to do that. One of the things she's gotta do is, one of the reasons I wanted her to learn all this is to change the confidence that she has. She's gonna stand up taller. That's right. Because I want her voice co I want her vocal cords to relax before she starts having this conversation. 'cause you can't negotiate when you sound like that because They can smell that amount. Well, Everybody hereby get her how scared she was. Yeah. So including the lawyer on the other side. That's right. So, alright. Now


The Ramsey Show question of the day. Brought to you by why refi are you, do you have defaulted student private loans? There we go. Same thing again. Private student loans. These are not federally insured loans. Private student loans that are in default. Do they keep you up at night? Why refi can help you lower your payments and your interest rate because they buy those accounts cheap and then they'll reset your payments lower than you ever dreamed and you're not in default anymore. And they'll help you work through this. It's pretty cool. And they do it on a one-off basis. It's not in bulk like you do with the other stuff. So why refi.com/ RAMSEY? You can start resting. That's the letter. YWE or no? The, the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. Why refi might not be in Allstate.


I love this question. This question comes from Jessica in Florida. Do you have advice for adult children discussing wills with their parents? We know that my husband's parents will be upset about who we've chosen as the guardians of our children. Should we pass away before they reach adulthood? Should we tell them our plans or leave it to them to find out if anything does happen to us? Great question. Please, please, please have the courage to sit down and have those hard conversations. This is a great way for your kids to get dragged through court when your in-laws decide to sue your guardians because they didn't know and blah, blah, blah, blah. Like Yes. Have that hard conversation. That's my opinion on it.


Yeah. Anytime your will's gonna piss somebody off, do it while you're alive. Yes. Good. That's a better way to say it Because the other parties are gonna have to deal with the pissed off person if you don't have the courage to, so if you're cutting little Bobby out, 'cause little Bobby's doing cocaine, go ahead and tell Bobby you're outta the will. 'cause you're doing cocaine and I'm not giving you money to buy cocaine. So you're outta the will. Ah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say well do whatever you wanna do Bobby. Just have your little cocaine fit, but you're not gonna be in the will. And you just have the discussion while we're doing it while we're alive. This idea that there's all these family secrets and all this dysfunction and it's all gonna be solved in a walnut paneled room with the trophy wife and the three kids.


That's a movie scene. That's not real life. Real life is people get angry over the China cabinet And they'll sue you. They'll sue brothers. We'll sue brothers over the China captain, or actually brothers, wives will Sue brothers. The 1957 John Deere tractor can break up a family. Yes. Because you didn't deal with it while you were alive. And so, you know, Sharon's dad, he is 96 and he's so Fun. Got to meet him the other day. Yeah, Yeah. He's such a, he's, he he was like the mascot on the cruise. Right. He came with us on the cruise and as sharp as attack, he told the kids to go through and flip over anything in the house and write their name on it. Yep.


Unless somebody else's name was already on it. That's What my grandmother said. She said, put a sticker on it and once a sticker's on it. No complaining. That's it. That's what she said. It's done first. Come first, sir. That's right. And it, it's, I i I have not looked, but I suspect there's some stickers in there. And I also suspect that if you didn't choose these folks to be the guardians of your children, this is why. Right? Because they don't respect you as adults. They think that they, like they've got all these impositions, They don't get a vote. Right. They don't get a vote. And let's see, she my husband's parents. Okay. So he needs to sit by the down with his parents. The way when you sit down and talk to them, Jessica, you have a lot of things you wanna say. You don't get to say any of 'em. Please Don't let him speak.


Let him talk. Yeah. And tell your, and if your husband doesn't wanna talk about it, tell him to run down ba Walmart and pick up a backbone on aisle three and deal with his mama. That's exactly what's going on here. And by the Way, if mom, if, if, if grandparents decide that this just makes them so mad that they don't wanna do Christmas with you anymore, then it's a two for one deal for y'all. Now y'all get to do fun Christmas without these goofballs. I get them. Hey listen, I get them being sad about it. I get them thinking, oh, I wish it was us. I get that. I get that. When you keep hitting the family, I get all that. They don't get a vote. And that's hard. I think, Dave, I keep getting This Question. It's hard about everything when you're grandparents. I get this, this question more and more these days.


I want to give them more gummy bears. Yes. I don't get a vote. That's right. Actually, I'll still give you more gummy bears. I know, but it's sneaking around I that I think that's part of being a grandparents. I might have done that. I'm talking about, I'm not, I'm talking about technically following the rules. The, the question underneath This question, I gotta get them all sugared up before I send 'em home, Is how do we have this conversation without them getting mad, disappointed, frustrated. And you can't, you cannot own somebody else's emotions when you have a hard truth to tell 'em. You can own how you say that? Hard truth with dignity, with honesty, and with a period at the end of the sentence, say less than you think you need to say. They get to decide whether to be angry, sad for That's for them. You can't manage that. This upsets me.


You know, I'm really sorry. I'm sorry. Sorry. It upset you. You're breaking up his family. I'm sorry that you see it that way. No, I'm, I'm not, I'm not breaking up the family. If you wanna do that, that'll be up to you. But I'm not doing that. I just made a decision about this and it's, you know, Jefferson talks about, keep these conversations really Brief, very short. Don't drag all the other crap that's right of the toxicity in the, in 1962. Not brink. Just let all that go away. There you go. This is just a simple thing. I wanna tell you what's in our will and we wanted to make sure you knew while we we're here because we probably think you're probably not gonna like it. We want y'all to stay grandparents and not have to become parents. There You go.


Rachel. Do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And There's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exists to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. So detailed. And it's beautiful. I love these reports so far. Get this, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY that comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. It's amazing. So again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out.


You guys,


Are you sick and tired of being sick and tired? You can take control of your money and your relationships and it starts with just one night. Join me and Dr. John Delony LIVE in a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. We're covering the real life stuff that matters so you can break the cycles that have left you stuck. It's coming up fast. So get your tickets for Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Today, Dr. John Delony RAMSEY Personality is my co-host on the debt-free stage right here in the middle of the lobby of Ramsey Solutions. Katie is with us. Hey Katie, how are you? I'm doing well. Good. Where do you live? Alexandria, Louisiana. Awesome. Sorry I'm a little emotional. You're gonna be All Right. We'll get you through it. We've never lost a patient. Yep. So enjoy the ride. Thank you. How much debt have you paid off Katie? About 60, a little over 67,000. Good For you. How long did that take? It took me five years and a lot of hurt and heartache and a lot of prayers. Good for you. Yeah. Scratching and clawing kiddo.


And what was your household income range, your best year and worst year making over that five year period of Time, side hustles and gifts and everything? First year when I started this, it was about 45,000. Last year I ended right around 67,000. Good for You. What do you do for a living? I am a pediatric occupational therapy assistant as well as a medical billing specialist. Good For you. Wow. Very Good. So on behalf of my family, just personal for what you do professionally. Thank you. Thank you. That's a hard gig. And somebody in your seat wearing your title changed my family, so thank you. Thank you. That's awesome. Thank you. You've been a huge motivation to keep going. Well, Yeah. Very good.


So what was the 67,000 in debt? What kind of debt? Everything except for a payday loan. That is the only thing that I didn't do in a house that didn't, didn't go that far. Lots of medical bills. The majority of it was student loans. Looking back, that was the worst mistake of my life. And bought a car. Second worst mistake. Bought a car a month before starting this. So fortunately I did buy a used car. So it was not a huge loan, but it was a loan. So Tell us where that emotion comes from. Just the amount of time that it took. The amount of time it took. Okay. Yes. My goal was two years and right before starting I, I mean, sorry.


Right During the time that I, that pushed me to start this, I was dealing with some medical things that was unexplainable at the day. There was no explanation at the time. I had spent 10 months going back and forth to doctors, saw three or four specialists, did not know what was going on. And in October I had already, I, I'm been a side hustler since I was, you know, since I started working at 16 before I even knew about, knew what a side hustle was. And I was dog sitting and I stumbled across The Ramsey Show on YouTube and I was a dog sitting. So what else do you do? I mean, I binge watched, you Know, dogs, dogs help us a lot. They promote the show Quite often.


Yes, yes. So, and actually the family that I was dog sitting for, they, they are a pediatric therapy center about two hours from where I live. I worked for them in college and they're RAMSEY, they do all the entree leadership. They've been to summit in, I think when you guys were in Florida. Wow. Ann and Christie. And they have believe in achieve therapy in Monroe, Louisiana. And so I was dog sitting for Christie, they're therapy dogs. And I, I just, I I watched the show I think for 18 hours one day because I mean, what else do you do? You know? And so I, I was like, this is what I need. 'cause I had medical bills that had started pouring in. I had just bought a car and I was just, I was very down and I was, I didn't know what to do, you know?


And so, So binge watching the whole thing gave you tools and gave you binge, binge watched. It didn't give you shame. Yes. Right. And I will say, I tell everybody, I knew what you were gonna say. I watched it so much. I knew what you were gonna say before you knew what you were Gonna say. Now a lot of people play answer the question before Dave when they're driving. Yeah. Yes. I do that a lot. And so I, I got started and I, I I started saving my emergency fund and I actually, a few weeks later I was talking to my boss and I was sharing with her. We were, we were close and worked for a very small clinic and Alexandria shout out to MB therapy and all of my team, they may be watching or they're probably working, so, but I was talking to her and sharing with her that I had started, I had done my a thousand dollars emergency fund with actually the money that I made doing dog sitting and then a few other odd jobs.


And she said, oh yeah, you need to do this. She said, my husband and I, Todd and Megan Bolton are their names. And she said, my husband and I did it 20 years ago when Dave taught the class. And she said, and that's why we were able to, that's why we do things the way we do. And so that was in 2019 when I started. Well, you know what happened in 2020 and so heard The rumor. Looking back, I'm so grateful that you taught the class that they took in Monroe, Louisiana, 20 something years Ago. Oh yeah, I remember went down there. Yeah. So oh my gosh. We did an event at the Baptist Church. Yes. That was a thousand years ago. They took it. I'm not sure if it was that specific event or, I know it was through the employer that he worked for, but I'm not sure.


I don't know all the details. But all I know is that we are about to build a multimillion dollar clinic debt free Way to Go. And she was able to continue meeting payroll. We never missed a payment. Never missed, I never missed a paycheck during COVID. And we actually probably tripled our patient load during 20 20, 20 21. That's pretty cool. 'cause she was able, never took a, one of the loans that was offered Anything. And guess what? One of the paychecks was yours. Right. And you're trying to get rid of $67,000. Yes. Yes. Wow. Scraping a cloth. So that was actually, so what was the first thing you paid off? First thing I paid off was probably a medical bill. What was the last thing you paid off? Last thing was student loans.


I did not realize until later that I was supposed to have broken those up into smaller loans. And so I always treated it as my gone biggest loan. They're gone, but they're gone. So I did that, took care of that on December. How, how does it feel? Not have any, You have no idea. I mean you do, but it's just so amazing to me. Have you Had that month yet where you didn't have any payments but your paycheck deposited? That was this month actually. What was that like? It was amazing. It was supposed to have been February, we were celebrated the, that's another story. But we celebrated the adoption of my little boy. And in February and the night before his party, I was bringing his cake back home for the party the next day.


And he and I had a massive car accident, totaled our car. And I had so many people say, well, are you gonna get a car? Are you gonna have a car payment? And I said, Nope. I said, God's gonna provide. And, and Well you had insurance, didn't you? I did, but I didn't know you Provided an insurance Check. You know, I didn't know what kind of an insurance check. I had an older car I was driving my, the car that I was driving I had bought five years before and it was old when I bought it. And so it was a good car, but, you know, it wasn't worth a whole lot. So I talked to my brother about purchasing his car. He's in the military, So we had a lot of, you know, talked about that he doesn't need the vehicle. And so that was kind of what I was thinking. But it was two thou, I think it's a 2000, 2001, something like that.


But my, my parents reached out to me and said, Hey, we're talking about getting a new vehicle so you know, we'll sell you this one for this amount. And I said, okay. You know, we'll see what my, what my insurance check is because I don't know if I'll be able to swing it. But you know. And then they had agreed that they would give me a small amount as well toward the purchase of whatever I, I bought. And so a couple weeks later I got a phone call from my insurance company and it was almost to the penny of everything that I needed to pay for the car in full. There we go. As well as the registration. I paid $200 over to cover The registration. It's a better than that junker. That got totaled. Yes. I went from a 2016 Sentra to a 2016 Rogue.


So There I like it. Technicians. Yeah. I'm proud of you. So, yeah. So I'm proud of you. I bet they're proud of you. Yes. Yeah. And you got control of something that needed to be getting control of that. I can tell. Yes, yes, yes. What do you tell people? The secret to getting out of dead is if I can survive cancer, move through an adoption cash flow, a bachelor's degree and part of a grad school degree that I quit. 'cause I just decided I was tired of paying for it. If I can do it through all of that, anybody can do it. Amen. So persevere is the answer. Yes. Yes. Just don't quit. Yes. 67 or five years, six months. Yes. 67,000 in five years. Yes. That's a long slog kiddo. It was. But the good news is, is now you have control of you.


Yes. And now you have control of the subject that owns so many people and now you own it. It doesn't own you anymore. So fabulously done kiddo, Dude, in anything that comes your way in the future, you're gonna be able to smile and say, just buckle up. 'cause I've already been through worse than you. That's Awesome. Yeah. Buckle up. You, you've done Warrior princess kiddo. Well done. That's my child screaming. Very Well done. I thought it was Dave for a second, then I realized it was your kid. Nope, that's mine. It could, it could be one of the personalities out there. It's right. It's George Kamel out there. Holly George. George Behave. Yeah. Hey, hey. I'm really proud of you. It's awesome. Thank you. Hey. All Right Katie. Count it down. 67,000 paid off at five years.


Make it 45 to 67. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1. I'm dead free. Yeah. Oh, some of 'em feel stronger than others. I like it. Love it. Ah, thank you Lord. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items. Only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store pre-order today. If you're running a business or you know someone is, that is, there's one thing we know. When you're own your own business, it's hard. When you go to work for yourself, you discover your boss is a slave driver, They will work you like a rented mule. I mean, it's bad, y'all. It's the hardest I've ever worked for my in my life is working for myself and, and you just run, run, run, run, go, go, go, go, go. It's tough man. And hey guys, you can move through the small business stages. There's five stages of small business and we've worked through them at RAMSEY, we've worked through them with 10,000 small businesses. And So we put together a book to show you how to do that. This is the Baby Steps for small business. It's called Build a Business You Love. It comes out April the 15th. If you pre-order it now for 29 99, you get over $350 in free bonus items, including instant access to the entree leadership hiring playbook, the number one pain point of small business people hiring and firing their people, dealing with people so hard. Part of the running a business. The ebook, the enhanced audiobook. Our audiobook is gonna be like a podcast. You're gonna love this audiobook. It's way different. Pre-order all of this at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or click the link in the description on the YouTube or podcast


Nikki's in St. Louis. Hey Nikki, what's up in your world? Hi RAMSEY. She, it's so great to be on here. Thank you so much. Well thank you. How can we help? So I have 260 K in federal student loan debt. Good Lord. And for What? Well I have a bachelor's of Science in chemical engineering and I have a master's in engineering management. Great. How much do you make? Yeah, So that's the catch. I was working in the field and once 2021 hit, I had my daughter in the absence of her father, he passed away.


So I kind of had to step back from the field for a little while and focus on my motherhood. But I'm ready now to come back and I'm back in chaos in the economy that I just feel like it's not working for engineering. Oh, poor crap. At least for no, for a mother, a single mother. Balancing that together. Well, you can't not work. You have to work. But if you go to work, engineering is an exploding field right now. And you got more degrees than a thermometer. You need to go make some money. Right. You desperately need to make a, you need to be making 200 K. 200 K.


Okay, yesterday. Hi Alex. What is the D? What is the what? What is it? Whatcha are you waiting on? What? I don't understand. Well This is the thing I am trying to figure out. I've been interviewing and it's like I'll get close to a yes, but as soon as it's, oh, we may need you to stay in, we may need you to be on call. And as an engineer, that's kind of like the livelihood before my motherhood kicked in, being on call and being available, which I've always been able to. But now that you're a mom, a single mom at that, you have to not be available at those times. You have to take care of the child. You do, but, but you're a, going back to grad school isn't gonna solve that problem.


And B, you're fishing in a very small pond. Do you get what? You get what I'm saying? What do you mean by fishing? Small Pond? I'm saying you are continually looking for the same jobs and the same type of engineering place. Right. That's going to always come back to, it's like me if I wanna go back to being a dean of students, but I don't wanna be on call. I can't have that job 'cause that's the important part of that job. But if I wanna work at a university, I'm gonna have to broaden what I'm looking at with my skillset. Do you get what I'm saying? You're an engineer. You can stuff that Dave and I can't do. 'cause you, you have a license, you can go do amazing things, but you're gonna have to broaden your picture of what being an engineer is like.


Or, But it may not be direct or indirect. It could be indirectly related. But still, Of course you've got, you've got, you're able to, they taught you how to solve In debt. Yeah. And by the way, I I I'm, I'm telling this 'cause I love you. I sat with what I would call, we called when I was a graduate school professor, perpetual students who kept going for the next license, the next degree, the next thing. Exactly. Not, not as a way. I had to get another degree because my field I felt was closing and I needed a licensure. You are just trying to avoid the grind. That is, if you wanna make $200,000 a business wants you to work that hard.


And that just stinks. It's hard. And I think you can, And, and listen, if you talk to people in an interview like you've been talking to us, you're never gonna get hired. I wouldn't hire you. You wanna know why, Why? Because you told me six times how you had to take care of this baby. And I know you're a single mom. I know you need to take care of your baby. That is first. There's no question about that. As soon as I know you're a single mom and you have a baby, anybody who's got a human brain knows that's your first priority. But don't tell me that six times. 'cause what that tells me is, is you're not gonna be reliable. It tells me you're not coming to work. It tells me you're coming to work for what you can get rather than what you can give. You're not here to add value to the organization. You're here to extract value with as little work and as little availability as possible.


You're not getting hired. You gotta change your attitude about how, what can I add? How can I be enthusiastic? What can I, how can I add value to this organization? And that is the best way you can serve your child and is getting rid of this 260,000 worth of debt. That that's it. It's looking at, you have some ex you have extensive liabilities out on your family for this, for this thing. So you think just being present with this kid is the greatest gift, the greatest gift you can give that kid Yes. Is your presence. But like having a house with peace in it and you, you're in for over a quarter million dollars. You don't have, you have no peace. And so you can find a high school kid, a college kid in your local community who will be on call with you.


I'm gonna pay you 25 bucks an hour, 30 bucks an hour, 50 bucks an hour to come over on those rare nights I get called and you come over to my house within an hour and you like, I need you here. Got It. I actually have four of them Got it On call. And so that if one of 'em is on a date, you can still get 'em mo And you can overly pay 'em. And so then maybe you get burned a few times. You have to spend some money and instead of making 200 grand, you make one 90, you're still really winning. Yeah. And your debt's paid off in two years. Yeah. You being at home full time and rocking this baby, 9, 8, 8, 9 hours a day is not an option for you anymore. You gave that up when you signed up for 260,000. Now you've gotta solve big boy and big girl problems.


Yeah. And so the i the the sad situation of where you are and the loss of your husband is leaving you with no choices. Yeah. I'm so sorry. Please Don't go get another degree. Please don't. Please, Please, please, please. And please lean into the fabulous degrees and brain that you have. You have an incredible brain. I mean it dumb people can't get these degrees that you have. I mean, you're, you know, you get a head gum master's in chemistry, was it? Yeah. Oh my gosh. I mean, you, you know, you can do any kind of math. Well, here's the other thing. You probably had a, an arrangement with your husband that one day this was gonna be how this was. Right. Maybe you're gonna be a stay at home mom, maybe you're gonna work part-time. And there's something about grieving the end of that dream too.


'cause he passed away. I know you've grieved, grieved his loss and all that, but there's this moment now, now I got a kid and now I've got this. It just stinks, man. It's heartbreaking. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. Go get it. Go get it. Go get it. Go get It. Yeah. You, you can do this. You, it is doable for you. But that's the, that, that's the trick, Nikki. You gotta, you're gonna have to lean in and make a career now and while you find some alternative and different ways to work through the motherhood thing. So, I mean, it's not unusual at all for someone making two or even 300,000 a year to have a full-time nanny. Absolutely. That's what you gotta have. If that's what you have or an Overnight Need if that's what you have to have. Yeah. Or, or somebody that's on quote on call, unquote.


But yeah, you're trying to do six things at once and you're gonna have to choose one. And I'm telling you, you've got the tools in your belt to make serious money. And if I were you, not because money's important, but because getting the freedom from that student loan is important. Once you're free from that, if you wanna take a job making a hundred instead of 300 and that gives you more flexibility, fine. I got no issue with that at all. But you gotta clean this mess up. For your sake. For your sake. And for everyone out there listening, getting another degree, getting a degrees to the tune of $260,000. There is no time in life that that works out.


Zero. There's only one way that works out and that never happens. And that's if your plan works exactly like you thought it was gonna work. She didn't think when she took out $260,000 worth of degree to get to pile up degrees like a thermometer, that she was going to end up being a single mom because her husband passed away. That wasn't on her plan. That was not on her bingo card. Well, guess what? Your life that comes at you is not on your bingo card. You don't know what's gonna come. That's why you don't go take out these kinds of loans. Well, it's always a good inve. No, it's not a good investment. It's a trap and it's a sin that our government does this to its own people.


A sin. You ought to stop at Congress now.