
Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships Tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about your money, your profession, and your relationships. The phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5.


I'm Ken Coleman, joined by my pal, the Natalie Attire, George Kamel. Laer. Wow. All I could think of was your profession is Ken's obsession. I think that's a good tagline. I like that. That's a great call. I wanna help you make more money. So I'm the work expert if you're new to the RAMSEY world and that's what they say anyway. I don't like actually calling myself an expert. Well, sure. But I tell you what I can do. I'm gonna help you figure out how to make more money in your work so that George can help you with the budget. What do you Do with all pay with that money? Debt investing. And that's the one two punch today. And we also think we're kind of funny. We Try, we try to make this show enjoyable when we're together.


We're gonna give you the same advice, but we're gonna have a little fun. So if you don't like that, I'm sorry. There's nothing you can do about it. That's Ken's way of saying kick rocks and pound sand if you don't. That's exactly right. Speaking of helping people, you ready to go? Let's go. Let's go to Zachary in Omaha, Nebraska. Zachary, How can we help today? Well, long story short, we just found The Ramsey Show here about a week ago. Wow. Congratulations and welcome. Trying To get outta debt. Yeah. And as we were sitting down and going through getting our debt listed smallest to biggest to start the baby steps we had found, I had found some debt. Their wife's been hiding from me over and over again.


Credit cards mainly. Oh. Oh, how Much? And she is, well, we have one maxed out credit card for about a thousand dollars. And the biggest disappointment is, is it's actually maxed out on McDonald's because it was connected to her app. And we had gotten rid of, paid this credit card off twice since June. Thought we had gotten rid of it. She told me she had closed it out. And That's a whole lot of combo meals. Yeah. Was this, was, there's a lot going on here. Was she sneakily going behind your back to McDonald's? Yeah. And not telling you? No, I wouldn't say that. Oh. It was just so, like she works really early in the morning and just stopping and getting breakfast burritos and stuff.


It's easier to pay on the app, skip the line, head to work, and it just got out of control. Okay. So you thought it was coming out of the debit account. I mean, excuse me, your, your debit card or your bank account. And it was actually on a credit Card. So was this malicious? Did she know that it was not tied to the cards that you were aware of? No. Or was it an honest, honest Mistake? Was aware of the card, but I thought it was closed out. But she just says that out of habit being it was still connected. You know, there was that line of credit there. She has very big problem with spending. And recently because of this, we have, we sat down, we talked, and we have decided that I am gonna take over the financial side with bills and stuff.


Okay, great. Normally she paid hers, I paid mine and I am taking over. And then we've got a budget set where we can put money in savings. We can start hitting all this. And really we've got without mortgage 16,000 Now with, with that credit card, with our joint credit card, some medical bills and a 401k loan. What's your combined income? I think it Combined income is about 1900 per biweekly. About, we each make about 44,000 a year. Okay. So, so What's your question for us? I'm a math numbers guy. Yeah. How can I go about this To include her, to help, help her with, with taking over the finances?


I wanna be able to conclude her and hopefully maybe show her the numbers and the best way to go about it, taking on all the finances, but yet help her so she can eventually, hopefully control money a lot better by Yourself. Well, I think number one, we have to realize that this is not a, you know, you're not the chaperone here. You are as guilty of making a lot of stupid decisions as we all are. So I think this needs to Oh, absolutely. You lead first by going, hey, yeah, I have not done a good job handling money. I haven't done a good job leading us in this area. I wanna work together on this. Here's what that's going to look like. Do you agree? We're gonna meet weekly for a budget meeting. We're gonna track every transaction.


There's gonna be nothing hidden. Everything's gotta be on the table if this is gonna work, are you in, do you feel the unity and teamwork in that conversation versus a Well, I'm taking over. 'cause clearly you can't be responsible for, you know, very different condescending tone on that second one. Yes. And so if you want to get her on board, it's gonna start with you leading with empathy and creating a vision for what this is going to look like. And then her agreeing. Yes, I agree to that. Great. Now we can actually set some accountability based on what we agreed to in the past. Okay. Which means, So we have cut up all credit cards. So We down and talk about that. Have all credit cards been cut up and closed?


Hers? Yes. Mine? No, not yet. And why is that? Just haven't done it. I guess it is definitely, definitely something I wanna do. I wanna get rid of it. If I, if I'm the wife and I see you still with your credit cards open, I'm going, whoa, whoa, whoa, butter. Like how, how are you gonna be over here telling me how it's gonna go? But you won't even cut up your own cards. Yeah. Zachary, if I might, and I don't want you to feel attacked at all, I just am getting a sense Yep. That there's a real reason why you haven't done it for your own cards yet. What is it? Because when you paused, I've just done this enough, I got the 10,000. Well, right now, the house, what's going on? There's a reason I Use my, right now I, the way I use my credit card, right or wrong, I mean, I have all my auto pays come off of it because they were living paycheck to paycheck.


There It is. And my goal is to have money in the account so that we don't have to do that. Gotcha. And okay, So, so let's own that. I, so let's own that. So when George asked you, you were like, I don't know. No. You know exactly why you haven't done it and you haven't fully submitted to the idea of a budget. And actually EveryDollar being, that's why we call our budgeting app EveryDollar. You haven't submitted. Yeah, I need to download that. You need to download it. In fact, you know what we'll do you one, let's, what can we give him? George? Let's give him EveryDollar premium for a whole year. So there you go. You Guys are gonna be there. We're gonna get you started. It'll connect to your bank account. Here's what you're gonna do. Cut up the cards and you can set up auto pay on your debit card. Yeah.


So that's gonna be a little bit of homework for you to do. And you, she can sit there and you can walk her through it. So she has total awareness about here, here's where all the bills are. Yeah. Here's how I pay them. Yeah. Bring her into it. Instead of saying, Hey, I'm gonna handle it, you step away. Right. Let her be a Part of it. And in that process, say, Hey babe, here's the deal. And me leading us now and doing this, like we're not using credit cards. So if we don't have it budgeted for Mickey D's, you know, burritos and hush, what do you call 'em? Hash Browns. Hash browns. Yeah. I almost said hush puppy. I got seafood on the mind. Yep. That's But Think long John Silvers Like, babe, there is no, there is no wiggle room on this. Do you understand? Like, I'm not trying to control you.


Like we're in this together. And so if we budget $50 a month for, for McDonald's, that's it. And I don't know how far that'll get you. Well I feel like maybe we gotta start eating at home and, and cooking together is a Thing. Well I knew you were gonna say that while we're In debt. I'm the fuddy duddy. Well, No, I I'm just trying to teach a little bit here. You come over the top of the rule. Sorry, I got, I got all fired up. Go ahead. Scream at em. You're not gonna see inside. No, I'm not outside of a restaurant until when. Well Zachary, I just think if there's a commitment that we're both not gonna eat out, it changes the game. And so then there becomes an inherent accountability. And so if you guys get on that budget every single week, sit down, track your transactions against your one checking account that is shared, that's going to create some momentum for your money and for your marriage.


I think this communication is only gonna help the marriage. I think so too. Zachary, love, love that you just joined us a week ago. Hang on the line. We're gonna get you taken care of with EveryDollar and you guys can do this love that you two wanna work on. It sounds like there's some harmony here early on and that's all it takes to work. Alright, real quick before we go to the break, if you're gonna cheat at McDonald's, what's the one item you get? God, because you're Mr. Budget. It's on the dollar menu for sure. I'm I'm going value menu. Ken, I got you picked for Bring back the cheese snack wrap cheeseburger. You just want bring back the snack. Snack wrap. Yep. All Right. I think it's fries for me. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with US America. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kimmel is alongside, Karen is up next in San Antonio, Texas. Karen, How can we help today? Hi, you guys. Sure. Appreciate you taking my call today. You bet. I, ooh, guess the start that I'm, I'm a widow, I 66. I have a small business that's kind of struggling recently had heart surgery, et cetera, et cetera. No kids have family. Two dogs. Wow. Two dogs live on social security and some from my business and credit cards.


I managed to get into a situation. I borrowed money from a personal loan, an online personal loan company nationally advertised, all that kind of good stuff. Went through the whole process because I wanted to pay off some, some debt, you know, to get rid of my credit card and to invest in a, a vehicle for my mobile salon and managed to find out that the interest rate is somewhere around 48%. Oh my goodness. And it's, and it's front loaded. I mean, I mean I heard the 48%, but I thought that's no, no big deal because I'm gonna pay this off like very quickly.


And so I didn't pay attention enough to hear that it's front loaded. So the amount of money that I borrowed, Most of your payments are going to interest, essentially not touching the Princip. Absolutely. How much was the loan for? It's half and half is is what it is. I, I ran a thing this morning. It's not half and half. It's going to principal. How much was the loan For? $29,000. And how soon were you planning to pay that off when you just stared 48% and went, ah, no big deal. How quickly were you planning to pay that off? Those were your words? Within A year. Within a year. So you Were okay with a 48% for a year. I've never heard anybody say that Before.


That's an extra 15 grand in interest alone. Yeah, well, like I said, I, you know, I'm kind of ridiculously stupid at this particular point. Well, no, I'm, I mean I'm, I'm here to bash you. I'm trying understand the desperation that led you To this. Yeah, that's what I'm Is this for your business? Yes. What's your business? It Was it's dog grooming. Why did you need 20? Why did you need $29,000 for a dog grooming business that's struggling? Two into the next phase And excuse me, didn't expect that was going into a mobile situation, a mobile grooming situation with a very specified market.


Yeah. Nobody's really tapping into it this point. And What is the market, you Know? Well, I don't really wanna say it out loud on this. Oh, Competition. Okay. You don't wanna give away your shark tank idea here. Okay. So, but well I hire mobile groomers, so I'm just curious 'cause I pay these people and I understand how the business works and I've Used a mobile groomer as well. So, but Right. But this was a, this is, This is a con the concept was a little bit different. It's a larger grooming situation where you have two people inside and then you, we are situated in a, in an area, a contracted area that we would be there for three or four days and we would Okay, gotcha. You kind of park us set Up, So we, blah, blah.


Yeah. So we, the only reason we're digging this, it's kinda like A popup. Got it. But the only reason we're digging on this is we're trying to figure out how we help you get out of it. So the question is, was the 29,004 like a van or some type of vehicle Or was it just the equipment or was It just other stuff? It Was, You're breaking up on us, Karen, and Then parked, I'm sorry. It was parked for the vehicle. And then the other part for the conversion of the vehicle to the unit that I was, I was trying to achieve. How much could you sell this thing for to someone else who does mobile grooming? I believe it an easy 40 40, 40 5,000. And what's your total debt that you owe?


Everything but the mortgage On the, the vehicle, Everything. No, just everything. All your Debt. Because you said you had other debt and you took out this debt to try to pay off some other debt. So what is your total debt load right now? Okay, total debt load with, the thing that I took out before was, is about 31,000. Then I have eight, eight grand on Amex and about 8,000 on Citibank. And that's, that's it. As far as what I, oh and about and 4, 440 4,000 on the RV that I bought to live in. So you're living in an RV right now? Yes, that's correct. I had a plan originally.


We all have a plan until life punches us in the face. So how? Yeah. Yeah. How, how if we, if we were to sell this, do, can you sustain yourself on just regular pet grooming or do you have to be Mobile? I have a, well it's, it's part of, you know, to continue on with the mobile business just because of the culture of employees and such since Covid, I have a standalone, I mean, I have a stick and mortar business also, but I was gonna keep it in a, in a small set. Is that profitable? Is the brick and mortar business profitable Right now?


No. So here's what it sounds like. You're, you're jumping from unprofitable to unprofitable to unprofitable, hoping to strike gold at some point. Yeah. And instead you just keep digging a hole by maxing out these cards and jumping to another piece of debt to try to cover the other debt. And so we're trying to stop you from playing the shell game. And number one, create a profitable business and two, get outta debt. And that might mean a clean slate where you get rid of this mobile grooming truck, you sell it, sell the rv, you rent for a while, get rid of all your debt, create a foundation, and then start slow and with cash. Yeah, I just, I and and to that end, Karen, we're trying to solve for you here. Could you make similar money just grooming for somebody else, just somebody else who's got a business and they're looking for a solid person like you, you're not gonna flake on 'em.


You've got the skillset. Can you make the same amount of money working for somebody else as a groomer? If I wanted, if I was able to work full time and work as hard as I used to. Yes. I, like I mentioned before, I'm 66 and I had Sure, Well whatcha are you making from this Stent? What, what is your yearly income from all of this after all of your expenses? Oh, barely anything. Yeah. 'cause everything I have goes Back. That's back. That's I'm, you could go work a retail job and not break your back doing this. I agree. Instead get out of this completely. And what about 20 hours? Like just work part-time. They need groomers.


You're a dream for somebody. I know. I'm trying to find one. I know, but what, but Karen, listen, we want you to sell all this stuff and, and you got social security coming in work 20, 30 hours. Do whatever you can. But selling the RV and selling this van gets a, a whole lot Of 'em. I don't have the van yet. That's why I borrowed the money to So where is the money right now to Well, I was afraid to spend it once I figured out what, how much it was gonna cost me. So I've kept it and just slip it, pay itself. Wait, so Sum money Bank, can you just go ahead and pay off the loan then? I could, but it would take everything, pretty much everything that I had.


Good. It better than paying 15 grand in interest that you don't have. Yes, Karen, This is get outta jail here. This is get outta Jail. I thought the damage was done and you already already bought the van and did the renovations. But if you have the money sitting there, Oh no, no, it's not even there yet. Hit the rewind button. The bank gave you 31,000 at 48% interest. That's it. Rewind this whole Deal. And you have 31 grand. Do I? Sorry for the sound effects. No, it's great actually. I like that. Really, Karen, hit the rewind button and get outta this deal. Go work for a local groomer who is going to be thrilled to have a 66-year-old experienced non flaky Gen Z groomer. And they're gonna pay you well and you get some breathing room.


Am I right George? Absolutely. And what's the RV worth? You owe 4,000 on it. What could you sell it for? No, I owe 40,000 on It. Oh my goodness. And what I could, what I could sell it for is about between 35 and 40. Do it. It's, it's a, it's a 24. Do it. Where the hell am I gonna live Rent somewhere With in a over some old lady's garage because she needs some companionship and she wants somebody who can. I'm telling you where there's a will, there's a way. What's your payment on the rv? 4 4 4 41. Okay, take your 4 41 that you'll save by getting rid of that plus your social security plus your part-time hours and you can afford rent somewhere.


You might need it. You know, to, there's, There's gold. I guarantee there's some golden girls in your community that love would've loved to have a roommate. I mean you gotta look, you gotta find it. You gotta happen to life Karen. And we've been talking to a lady who life has been happening to her. You gotta flip the script here. We told you exactly what to do. This is doable, but you gotta do it. Change your life. This is The Ramsey Show.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend delete me. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. I love these reports so far. Get this, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Removed me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. It's amazing. So again, that's join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out.


You guys, Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. The phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by why refi? With why refi? You can take control of your defaulted private student loans with a plan that works with your monthly budget. Visit Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Drew in Nebraska. He says, I'm trying to figure out if I can afford to buy a home together. My wife and I make 250,000 a year and our jobs are secure. We're expecting a baby this summer and really want to buy a home. The house we would like to build is around $650,000. We have 80,000 saved for a down payment. We have no debt and our emergency fund is done. We're comfortable paying about 2,500 bucks a month in rent. We would like to build this summer and potentially finish by the end of the year. Is this something we can afford? Well Ken, this is a, this is like a common core math problem and I don't think he's gonna like the answer. I don't think so either. I got my mortgage calculator up here on the RAMSEY website.


I love it when you talk nerdy. I know. And here's the deal. You're gonna have PMI, 'cause right now you guys have about 12% down 80,000 into six 50 tracking, which means you're gonna have to pay PMI, which will likely be at least a few hundred bucks, maybe three, 400 bucks. Yeah. Or even more. And so you said we're comfortable paying 2,500 a month in rent. That mortgage would be closer to $6,200. So that's, that's a lot. Now you guys make great money. Steal two 50,000. I mean that's, that's serious. And so if you wanna look at 25% of take home pay, let's say they're bringing in, you know, 15 grand a month or so. Well that, that's probably a three, $4,000 mortgage would be comfortable for them.


Which just tells me it's a patience thing. We either have to save up more down payment or we need to lower the build of the house or look in a different area. Yeah. And so this isn't a, no you can't do this. This is a we gotta be patient here and lemme tell you, the baby lives in your room for the first six months. So you already bought some time there. Not my room. Next up. No, Ken's out. He's out on that. It's going to The nursery immediately. I'm not a fan of that parenting strategy. Just gonna call that out. A baby needs to sleep in its own room. So there's one part of it. But really a baby, you can live where you are for the first year or two of the baby's life. Oh hundred percent. And survive. And so my take is have a little patience here and let's wait on this home purchase because number one, having a baby is a lot already.


Yeah. On top of moving. I agree. And building, there's a lot moving pieces there. And so I would encourage you guys to just stay put where you are and continue saving. And I believe I have my computer plugged in if we wanna take a look at that. Oh, You're gonna show people what you're doing. I Thought it'll be fun. I thought it'll be fun to show them if I can. I don't know that I'm capable. You gotta select, this is like trying to get your phone to work in your living room on the TV to show everybody the family video. There we go. All Right, let's see if this works. See if dad can figure it out. Is it working? James, do you like that? Here it comes. Yeah. Okay, There it is. Oh, so All I can zoom in for you Ken. I know you have bad vision you don't have your readers on, but that's what it's looking like. 6,200 Bucks. There's six smarty pants put and you can go Go into play with the interest rate. No, I can't see. It's too far away.


There you go. So private mortgage insurance, the property taxes, home insurance. HOA do. So you can play around with the numbers on this real estate mortgage calculator to figure out, hey, how do we get this within 25% of our take home pay, which by the way is after taxes, but before other deductions. Yeah. So we're not talking about after the 401k, after the help premiums. Just take out your taxes, state and federal and then see what your take home pay would be and aim for a quarter of that. And again, it's just a parameter. If it's 26%, we're not gonna yell at you. It's just a parameter to make sure that you can get through the other steps. But congrats on the on the up impending. Baby's excited. That's Right. By the way, I'm gonna fully commit to the readers now on the air since you outed me. They look great. You outed me so I'm gonna go ahead. It's giving Clark Kent.


Well, you know, it makes it a little easier to read folks 'cause I'm very mature. This week's average 15 year fixed mortgage rate dropped is 5.79%.


Hey, I wanted to mention that now this is the lowest since October, 2024. So if you're thinking about buying a home you love at a price you can afford and it becomes very possible when you work at the RAMSEY trusted real estate agent, these are pros that are handpicked to guide you. Find a local pro for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agents Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agents. Or click the link in the description if you're listening or on or on podcasts and watching on YouTube. The show notes is a treasure trove as I like to say, of all the information. But you know, now's the time to move. If you feel like you're ready to move, you can't guarantee that these rates are gonna keep dropping.


Yeah, well a lot of people have these golden handcuffs, Ken, 'cause they refinanced or bought and you know, 20 20, 20 21 and they're going, well I got a two or 3% rate. I'm stuck. That's and that, I hate that for people. Yeah, I do too. Let's go to Seattle, Washington where John is waiting for us. John, How can we help? Hi, I'm sorry this has to be kind of brief, but my wife's a big fan. She listens to you all the time. We have the EveryDollar premium. We've been trying to budget every month for the last five months or so. I am, I work in corporate America. I do marketing, digital marketing, and my wife is a part-time homeschool hybrid teacher. She makes 18,000 a year.


I make 105,000 a year. We have roughly $200,000 left on our house. We have no other debt. Nothing at all. My wife and I struggle to be under budget with the EveryDollar app every month. We're always spending more than we're taking in. I don't do any of the shopping. I'm just at work. She, she takes care of our 1-year-old son and it's just very difficult to get under budget each month. So I don't know. I've tried to talk to her about this. She, she just has a truck. She just has issues with spending too much. So is she paying every single bill in the household? So she does, she does the grocery shopping.


I pay all the other bills. So our son goes to physical therapy. So As you look at the budget in the bank account, where would you say most of this money is disappearing to? Groceries by far. Okay. And are you saying that you feel like she's overspending on groceries? Yeah. Oh yeah. Like yeah, like we're spending easily over a thousand dollars every month on groceries. And is there a reason, have you asked her, Hey, what's going on with the groceries here? Can we change our grocery store? Are we wasting food? Like, how can we do better in this area? I try, she tries to make everything in one stop. So we have Safeway out here, which is like, I guess Kroger now for everybody else, but also going to Costco. She just likes to only go to one store and buy everything. So a lot of the Costco bills are three to $500.


She does that sometimes twice a month plus going to Safeway and then things can get up to, you know, 1200 bucks easy on groceries. But Even then, are you guys taking home 9,000 a month? What's your take home pay For? With both of us it's about 6,000. Okay. A month. That feels awfully low for you guys to be making gross, you know, close to 130. Well, yeah. And, and again, our mortgage is not very high either. It's about $1,600 a month. There's, like I said, there's just lots of things that just seem like they sneak in there on and like Yeah, it's, it's, This is more than groceries is What Georgia Point, what I'm saying. Even at a thousand bucks in groceries, you guys still have five, $6,000 of random other bills.


And so I think there's more to it. Yeah. I mean, what are you contributing to this? You sound like you're pristine the way you've set this up, but I gotta believe that you've got some some habits. Yes. Not really. I, I don't buy anything on Amazon. I don't buy anything on Amazon. The only, I run a lot, so I buy running shoes like every other month. That's about it. I they're about $150 and I do, I'm very athletic. I run against college kids in D three schools, but I have a coach that's $150 a month. That's all I really spend on myself. Okay. I So you have your fund money, you got John's fund money, 150 bucks. Yeah. You got Groceries, run money, sounds like, But there's still a lot of money to be accounted for in here.


And this is going to be a conversation with, with you and your wife sitting down with accountability saying here's what we, okay. If we need 700 in groceries for some reason, that's the limit. And once we go over that, it's over. Yeah. You guys gotta sit down. You called us for help. But bottom line you said she's a big fan so she's, she's open to all this stuff. You guys get to sit down and track spending for 60 days so that you just have a really good idea about what's going on. Yeah. And yeah, and we've Tried, we've, we've tried and no, If You've Actually tracked it against the budget, the budget will tell you very quickly where your money's done. You're too busy running. What are you running from? No, no, no. I Where am I running from? I'm not running, I'm running from my fears. I guess you are, you are. Buy a lot of stuff on. Am she, she buys a lot of stuff on Amazon that she just, she thinks, oh our son needs this and our son needs that.


We did have a car that's a gas guzzler. We did get a new car and that was paid for by generosity from a family member. It's completely paid off. You guys can do this, man. This is communication. Yeah. I hate to keep simplifying this And we're here one side, I'm not, I think you're telling the truth, but I think she might be telling the truth. What if he, little junior does need all this stuff. He's a Year old. He doesn't need anything. I don't know what he needs, but you know, Dad's working, Working, running. Well, I know. Yeah, a little You both involved a little less running in a few more meetings. That's what we need to do. There we go. This guy, these, those running shoes aren't cheap. That's why I don't run Ken, that I takes so much money. This guy's so much into running. He's got coach that's coaching him how to run.


That's next level. I'm gonna Start racing against elementary school kids. That's my version. What Are we doing man? Tell you what, I'm not running. I'm sitting on this break. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Zander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options and they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xander.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Welcome to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is alongside Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Isaiah is gonna join us now in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Isaiah, How can we help? Hey gentlemen, thank you for your time today. Sure. I just started a new job about nine months ago. I work for a medical supply company and you know, obviously with everyone's paying attention to the news, these tariffs are kind of scaring us as a, as a business and a company. And so my question to you guys today is, you know, we're on baby step two, we're taking the course right now. So we're like on our seventh or eighth week in the course and we've been paying off debts and it's been feeling great. But with these tariffs, there's, you know, there's communications and stuff from our uppers or CEOs and, and they've been very good with us.


But at the same time, there's, there's no guarantee that our jobs are safe. So my question to you today is do we continue to make these extra payments with a, a high concern in, in job security? Or do we hold off on making those payments to kind of see how things go and just save that money? Or should we just Tell me what's going on? Where are you guys getting your parts from? These medical supply parts I'm assuming is what you're talking about? Yeah, yeah. So we, a little, a few years ago they moved everything from China to Mexico. So obviously that, that has a big impact on our business to the, to the point of significant significant losses for Us. So, so hold on a second. You know, hold on, hold on. I just gotta ask a few questions.


So your got, your company is importing medical supplies from Mexico, correct? Exactly. Okay. Yep. And, and all of them, or some of them of your inventory that you're offering, how much of the business is affected by imports from Mexico? Yeah, it's a, it's a complicated structure, but I would say probably, you know, we're set to lose, you know, 17, 18% of our business. Why are you losing it? You guys are just gonna stop, stop buying and selling those. Well just No more profits with Yeah, exactly. We're just, we'll lose most of our profits. And that's, that's kind of my concern is just how is that gonna impact Us?


That helps. That's why I'm digging in. So you're talking about your profit margin? Yep. Absolutely. Is definitely gonna get hit. But you're not necessarily losing business. No. Okay. And what is your leadership? Because here's the other part of this equation, it's how much of that cost are you guys gonna pass along to your customers? You understand? That's why, that's why guys like me, free traders. I don't like tariffs. Never gonna like tariffs. So don't, don't at me or send me hate email. I'm not gonna read it and I'm right. So we'll just leave it at that. Tariffs become taxes. It's, it's just that simple. So are your leadership, are they talking about, Hey, we think we're gonna actually lose accounts because we would have to offset our increased cost by importing these parts from Mexico and now they're more expensive due to the tariffs and we, we can't offset that by passing along to our customers.


So therefore we feel like we're gonna get really hit hard. I mean, what are they communicating? 'cause that will help George and I in answering your question, what's been communicated to you or are you just looking at the headlines? No, they've been communicating and, and you know, everything's on the table. We will try to eat some of it obviously, but we also, it's a medical field so there's, there's set contracts and fees and stuff that are already Okay. You know, locked in. So, So can't raise the price complicated. So they locked in the price at, you know, a dollar a needle and now you guys are getting charged a dollar 10 and so you're losing money on the contracts, essentially. Essentially. Yeah. Okay. By the way, while I'm here, I'm just gonna leave this here. For all of you who wanna be educated on things beyond just your personal money, this is why I don't like tariffs.


You got fixed contracts and this creates a problem. So, And there's the retaliation tariffs from Mexico. I know that that will affect US businesses. I know trade wars are never fun. Okay, I'll leave it at that. There's, there's your geopolitics lesson for today. Okay. So George does this, cons, does this constitute a storm? We would, Phil leadership is actually saying here's what's going to happen and hey, phase one, here's what happens. Phase two layoffs, here's who goes. And you know, even RAMSEY did this during covid, our team communicated leadership said, here's how, what's gonna go down, right. If things take a shift. Right. And then you kind of know the game plan. And so I think there's not enough information right now to go, I'm gonna pause 'cause this could be a year long, this could be three years long.


We don't really know how short term this is. And if it was a short term storm, I'd say let's pause and save up. But if this is gonna be 40 years of who will they or won't They? I don't think it's gonna be, I, I do think that I do, I can't predict this, but I do think that the tariff situation is going to be settled at some point in the near future. And can you guys, well you guys, you know, change suppliers next month and then this will be solved in 90 days. Yeah, I would keep my ear to the ground. What does, I'd keep my ear to the ground Isaiah on this, But how much debt do you guys have? Yeah, So we have about 15 to 16,000 in consumer debt and then another 36 in student loans. And over the past five years we've paid off probably 70 80 with no real intensity.


But now that we're taking the course, we're trying to, to stick to the course and do what, you know what we're told. Yeah. What's the 15, 16 k outside of the student loans? You know, one of them them's a private student loan, one's medical, and then one is a refinance that my lovely self did a long time ago. Okay. So how quickly would you get outta debt if you just stayed on the RAMSEY plan? How quickly would you get outta debt? At this point, You know, we were shooting for probably two, three years, Three more years to pay the rest of this debt off. Something like that. That's kind of where we were. That Feels like a long time based on, I mean, what's your household income right now? I think it's like 120.


So 120 grand And you have another what? 40. You have 51 grand left in debt. Yep. So why can't, out of that one 20, you take 25 and be done in, in two years or less. I feel like that's, that's even just Service. Well, I mean, I said two or Three years. Yeah. So I'm thinking we get really intense about this and try to knock this out very quickly. And if you do get wind that hey, layoffs are imminent, they are happening, I would then pause and save up. But right now I don't know that there's enough ammo to go. We're gonna push pause on life and just stack up cash. Yeah. I'd wait for a little more Communication. I concur. I concur. I just feel like everyone's on edge and so leadership is preemptively communicating Now his is legit where their business is affected directly and instantly.


Yeah. You know what? I feel like we need to take a couple minutes here and talk about guidelines versus headlines. Ooh. Can we do that? I like where this is going. So Here's what you're gonna see in the headlines. You're gonna see the stock market drops yesterday, almost 900 points. I haven't looked at it today. You are seeing the tariff news, right? Trump's not backing down. Canada's bowing up. Mexico's bowing up is are they gonna negotiate what's going on? China's getting involved. You know, you're gonna watch all these headlines. Now I'm seeing stuff and I look at all the different news sites. By the way, I'm apolitical in my news gathering because I wanna know what people are seeing. You're gonna see headlines about is recession gonna happen?


You got realities right now of stagflation is kind of hanging out. For those of you who didn't pay attention in the sixth grade. Stagflation is where inflation goes up and the economy goes down into a recessionary state that is real. So you got all these things and so what if we're not careful, George? We get so focused on the headlines and we feel like, oh boy, I gotta be nimble. What am I gonna do? I gotta get in front of this storm when it's not actually a storm. And then I want to say, we gotta be focusing on the guidelines. The stuff that we teach makes you recession proof. Yeah. You know, thoughts on That? Not not owing people money, having emergency fund. That's the goal, is getting to that financial piece to where no matter what's going on in the headlines your family's gonna be okay.


Yeah. You know? And so in this case, would you tell our friend Isaiah, Hey, I might be looking for a different job. I would be doing that. I in a Similar field, wouldn't maybe have something lined up in case you gotta jump. That's what I was thinking. I wouldn't pause the baby steps, but I would say, All Right, let me look at what if worst case scenario happens. Which by the way, based on what I could pull out of that situation, again, this is the negative side of tariffs that nobody wants to talk about. If you're in love with one side of the, the aisle. Yeah. You just, well, well he said we were gonna do it. Let's all do it. Woo hoo. And it's like, whoa, on a second. This has real economic impact and this and is, this is an example. So in that situation, you cannot control what the White House does. So we say you control what you do in your house.


And so don't stop knocking out debt, but start looking for a fallback plan if for some reason you got laid off. Mm. And it's a good lesson in diversification for business owners out there. Yeah. You can't just rely on one supplier. 'cause if something happens to that supplier prices, they shut down. Whatever it is. Covid, right now you're, you're stuck and your whole business relies on it. Exactly. So it's important to have backup Plans. Yeah. And to tie a bow on all this 'cause I trying to, to inform you folks, this is why if you're gonna do tariffs, you gotta deregulate, you gotta cut taxes for businesses. Because the whole goal of this is to not be reliant on foreign countries. Yeah. For imports. Let's make products in America.


American made products, I'm all for that. And you've heard small businesses, that's the backbone of the economy. Right there. There you go. Not good. So there's your lesson from the headlines. Follow our guidelines. You'll be okay. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All Right. So I was born and raised in Texas and I love the myth of the lone cowboy. You know, the guy who doesn't need anyone or anything. It's a fun story. And it's a lie in our self-obsessed society. We're obsessed about our own diets, our own workout routines, our own jobs, our own social media feeds, everything. It's easy to forget that no one can do life alone. And I don't care if you're an introvert, an extrovert or whatever you wanna call yourself. We all have to have a community and a support system to do life with. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all by ourselves to knowing that we can only be well and whole when we ask for help. Therapy can be a great source of help and support for any area of your life. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy so it can fit with your schedule To get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost this month. Start to build your support system with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, win in your profession, and win with your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. I'm Ken Coleman, thrilled to be joined by my pal. The well groomed George Campbell. It's Hard to find. I would add hygienic, but thank you. Well I was gonna take people to that mental image, but you did so I do find you to be very hygienic. Thank you. You know, a little known behind the scenes fact here. Before we get our first call, George brushes his teeth and mouth washes before. That's actually true. Before every Show. That's, thank you. I stay fresh for America. So, You know, and the guy's got a real minty fresh breath coming at me when he, when he throws a comment. So I thought you ought appreciate that.


Excellent. Excellence, what it's all About. That's right. Excellence in the ordinary. It's a, it's a, it's a RAMSEY value. Nicole is joining us now in Sacramento, California. Nicole, How can we help? Hi, thank you for taking my call. I was calling because I needed some advice on far as what I should do next. Little backstory, last year my mom handed me a Capital One card. No explanation, nothing about it. I threw the card in the closet. Didn't think about it a few weeks ago you guys had on the caller asking about a friend wanting to be an author user on a card. And neither host at the time was a fan of that.


My eyes immediate. You're breaking up honest, Nicole, Are you, you're not in the closet with that credit card, are you? No, no, no, I'm not. Okay. I'm not. I'm sorry about that. But I pulled my credit report to find that this account was on my credit report. I called the credit card company and asked them to remove me as an authorized user. Okay. And they said that that would take about two days. But now I need to know what I need to do next because I want this off of my credit report. How long has it been since you've been removed?


Maybe about two to three weeks. Okay. Yeah, it'll take longer than that for it to fall off the report. It's gonna be more like a month or two. And you can, you can also contact the credit card issuer. You can also go online and file a dispute with the credit bureau saying, Hey, I'm no, I'm not a user on this account. Please remove it from my report. And so you can do a few things to just kind of check in on it and expedite it. But it should be falling off here shortly. Oh, okay. Okay. I Did you see anything else on your report? Was it just that one card? It was just the one card. And I don't know if it even matters with it being the FCO score there because I have, I've never had a credit card.


I have never applied for any credit whatsoever. So I, that's why I didn't understand the authorized user thing and why that was even done. And then to see that on my credit report, it's like, it it, Yeah. That would bother me too. Pressure head if someone did that behind my back. That's not cool. Have you talked to your, to your mother about this? I have not had the conver the conversation yet. 'cause that was an immediate headache and kind of, you know. Yeah. Well you called up. Not sure. I figure you're trying to avoid this conversation. Do you think it's not gonna go well? I just, I guess Feels like it's aback.


Well No, I don't think it won't, it won't go well. It's like I just kind of am annoyed that I even have to Yeah. Have to, you're to cool down before you call mom. And maybe it's a boundary. And you know what I love about this Nicole? Is that you have the discipline to to, to get rid of it. And I, I feel what she's feeling, she's like, do I really want to have an unnecessary conversation? 'cause she shouldn't be having it in the first place. Well What I would do Nicole, is freeze all of your credit bureaus. Yeah. Just freeze all the all accounts so no one can do any of that anymore. And you can also check your credit report weekly for free at annual credit report dot com. And so you can check back in on this. Yeah, I might check every two weeks or so. You don't have to be like on top of it, but I wouldn't worry about it. 'cause you're not in debt and you're off the card and so the risk is gone.


Yeah. It's just the annoyance of having this thing A text. I think it's a text. I'm gonna go with a text on this Nicole. Okay. I think I'm okay. I think I'm feeling you and I'm going, I don't wanna talk to mom about this, but maybe a text. Hey mom, listen I don't need a credit card. Don't ever want credit cards. Don't do credit cards. I went ahead and closed it out, but just FYI don't need one. Thanks. And just let it go, you know? Yes, yes. It's Just, I get you, you're going. I don't wanna burn the calories. Trying to explain to mom all this stuff. It's not that she's gonna be angry. It was so out. It was just so out of the blue. How old are you? It was just I, I'm 30. Yeah. That's a weird thing to do to your grown adult child.


Eh? I could see it. Was she worried about you? I think she must have got a deal or something. Maybe she, no, she clicked on something. No. Really? Yeah. There's No reason to be worried about me. I've never had issues with money. It's like I hang on to my money. I just wanna get to the Bottom of it. I know. But I think mom must have clicked on a deal or saw some, I dunno Know. It feels like it. You gotta go through a few steps to get an authorized user. I So it just feels A weird thing. It is a weird deal. But I, I think she had proper motivations. Just, you know, she didn't get how you do it. So anyway, let it go. That's my 2 cents. I'd let it go. I'd do a text and I wouldn't, I wouldn't do a phone call on those kind of things. You know, it's like trying to explain a way of living. Yeah. To somebody who doesn't live the way you live.


That's a lot of brain calories. It's a Lot. It's a lot. As you would say, that juice ain't worth to squeeze. That's what I would say. I would say that. And it's true. By the way, Samantha's up in Syracuse, New York. Samantha, How can we help? Hi. I guess that's like a two part question. So my husband just finished building a house for us With his bare hands. We saved Up a lot. Pretty much. He, he did 90% of the work. See, George and I, we cannot even process how manly he is and how talented he is. I couldn't draw a house, let alone build one. That's Impressive. I I couldn't build a house with Popsicle sticks. Couldn't do it.


Well, so about like four years ago, I gave him this idea that I wanted to sell the house. We had, his family had land. It didn't work out that way. We, we sold the house. We bought a piece of land near his family and had a, a really old trailer on it. We lived in that trailer for two years while we saved up. We saved up about 20 grand before we started building, but we also used 40 grand to buy the land And trailer. Okay. Hey, I just wanna tell you, we got two minutes and I know you have part one and part two. Yeah, sorry. So we have, that's all we had up until January for debt is our mortgage. And it was one, it's 190 grand. That's all we have. Okay.


In January, I totaled my car. Oh no. So it, yeah, it, it sucked. I hit a deer. Ugh. But it, so it paid off my loan. I ended up getting two grand. I was, you know, I was on top of it. So that's not the end of the world. My husband hadn't had a vehicle loan in the five plus years or whatever. So he went out two weeks after I totaled my car and bought himself a $33,000 truck. Uhoh. Hold on please. So I am just wondering where to go from now I got about $6,500 in the bank for savings. And I'm just wondering, and You don't have any car pay all the, your one car family right now? Well, nope.


Nope. We have cars. They're just a matter of beaters at this point and his nice truck. So we kind of just bounced between his nice truck and the beater to get me to work right now. Okay. So you have two cars total? We have three cars total. He has his old truck that didn't have a payment that's in, it's in rough shape, but it does the, okay. Then we have a, an older car and then we have the newer truck right now. So we have three vehicles, two of which are paid off. We've gone backwards here financially. So I would look into selling the truck. I don't know if you can convince him of that. And you don't need a new car. You need to buy cars that you can afford in cash and keep it that way for the rest of your life. So this is gonna be come to Jesus moment, but it's not gonna be, well you got a new car, so I get a new car too. It's gonna be, Hey, we need to figure out a plan to become completely debt free.


And that means selling your truck and buying two cars in cash and selling the rest. I agree. This is a tough conversation 'cause my guy went out and just got himself a new truck. A man in his truck will not soon be Part of it. So now he's gotta say what, huh? And she's gotta hold the line and he's gotta agree or else this is gonna be ugly. This is The Ramsey Show.


If you need health insurance for yourself or your family, you might be lost in a maze of confusing terms, overwhelming options and questions about networks. Not to mention high costs and bad service from insurance companies that don't care about what you want. Common concerns like those are why I'm proud to recommend Health Trust Financial. They've been working with RAMSEY for over 20 years and they're the only RAMSEY trusted health insurance broker. Health Trust Financial takes an unbiased approach to finding you the best health insurance for your situation. They listen to your needs and because they work for you, not the insurance companies, their service is free with no obligations and no pressure. Here's the best part. Health Trust financial customers typically save an average of $500 a month. Health Trust Financial is your one stop shop for unbiased advice about health insurance options to make sure you don't overpay. So get out of the maze by going to HealthTrust financial.com today. Health trust financial.com.


We get tons of calls from listeners like you who ask really good questions about real estate. So we built a single place on our website where you can find all the answers anytime. We call it our real estate home base. Everything you need to prepare to buy or sell a home with confidence. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, visit our real estate home base at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate estate.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell joins me this hour. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Let's go to Dylan. Who's joining us in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Dylan, How can we help today? Yeah, so I have fallen into the personal loan trap. Oh, well the good news is my co-host today is George Campbell. Oh boy. I see. Wrote, pull A book about this. Be aware of the traps. That's right. If you fall for the trends, you fall for the traps. There it is. His signature quote. What's going on? Why are you falling for these traps? Man, it, I, it's so easy. It seems like, oh, So easy to do what?


To go into debt? No, to fall. I mean to fall for those, for the predatory stuff like interest rates and stuff. Okay. But what did you actually, what happened? What'd you take out debt for? So I got a trip a couple, like actually last year in July with my mom to Boston. And it was, it was 4th of July trip and I took out a loan for that. That sounds like it's on you. I don't think you fell well. Yeah, I think you jumped volun voluntarily. How, How old are you, Dylan? I am actually 40, I turned 40 in February. So a 40-year-old man decides to take his mom to Boston for July 4th.


I mean, I get it. 'cause I like history, but I mean that's like, I, I mean, eh, like how are we taking out a loan for that? That's not like a, a big deal. Like that big of a thing. You could have saved up for that. Am I right? Right. How much did you take out? 11,000. Goodness gracious. Would you sit in the front row of the Boston Pops? No. What were you doing for 11,000 in Boston for July 4th. So I used it for other stuff. There We go. Here, here we Go, Dylan. We gotta be honest with each other if we're gonna make this relationship work. Is that fair? Yeah, I got you. Okay, so how much total debt do you have?


About 30,000. Okay. And what do you make a year? I made 85 was my 85,000 was what I made last year. Okay. And what kind of debt is the 30? You got 11 in the personal loan. It's all personal loans. All personal loans. Why is that? Yeah. Interesting. Did you not Yeah, but like a, a credit card. Did you not have any credit cards? I'm just curious why you went personal loans all the way. No, I I don't have credit cards at all. Okay. He draws the line there. You Draw the line. So what's the Interest rate on all this debt? It's quite a bit actually. I looked at, it was like one was like 300%.


That's what I'm saying. These are not like personal loans from your credit union. These are like payday loans. 300%. I'm dizzy. Why did you darken the door of a payday lender? That's, yeah, I don't know. Like you, you actually drove to the payday lender and went Yep, this is it. This is where I'm gonna get some money. I think I know what it is, Dylan, that I take a stab. Can I take a stab? Is what's going on? Because this is how you started the call. You kind of started the call kind of going, you're presenting as a guy who feels like he's unable to fight the temptation of these type of loans. That's the way you present it. Is that a fair analysis? That is fair. Okay, Great. So it feels like the reason based on what evidence you've given us so far is you just get this spontaneous hair, this idea of like, ooh, I wanna do this, or this would be fun and you don't have the cash for it.


And so you just decide, wow, let's just go get some loans right now and I'm gonna go do this and figure it out later. It sounds like it's that simple. You can't control your impulses. Is that right or am I wrong? His dogs are barking. I'll tell you that much. Yes they are. Dylan, did I just stump you there? No, I, I said you're right. Okay. Okay. Well here's the deal. We, we can't solve the current debt if we don't stop going into debt. And so can you make a truce with me and everyone listening right now that you are not gonna touch another diamond debt? Yes. You're not gonna go, you're never gonna be in the parking lot of a payday lender ever again.


Agreed. Agreed. Okay. 'cause right now it's like the hot light is on at Krispy Kreme and you can't help yourself but stop in and get a few dozen mm and we have to stop. We gotta get to the root of what's causing that. I don't know. What if it's something you're running from, if there's a vice in your life, but a guy making 80 5K in Oklahoma should have a pretty good life. Don't you agree? Like if you told 15-year-old Dylan, like, Hey man, one day you're gonna be making $85,000. Yeah. And here you are going into debt instead of being able to just save up and pay cash for things. I think you're profoundly sad about your life. That's what I think. Is there truth to that? Yes, there is truth to that. And you're using this sort of, these loans as, as therapy to try to go, if I can just, I think have this as a coping mechanism and buy more stuff and take more trips, I think that's what's going, I'll distract myself.


Yeah. And, and Dylan, I I just felt that and I was willing to take a risk there. And I don't say that to shame you, but I think you, you need some therapy. I really do.


I think you've gotta get to the bottom. See, anytime somebody does something like this, it's, it's only a manifestation of something else. It's the symptom, it's not the problem. And it just sounds like you just need something to medicate the sadness or a a an uneasiness. A lack of just satisfaction. And I think if you can reframe that with some help through a professional i'd, I'd call BetterHelp. I really would. Yeah. I mean, I'd start there and it's, it's affordable. It's, it's convenient. And I'd start figuring out what's going on there. Because a phone call with George and I isn't gonna snap you out of this if I can be completely honest with you. 'cause the temptation is going to present itself tomorrow or the next week. And quite frankly, you're not gonna be hearing George and I's voice. You need to get to the bottom of this thing and begin to see, oh, I've got some pain and if I can get healing on that, all of a sudden I'm not tempted by this medication in the form of these trips or whatever it is you're doing where you go get quick money to get a quick high, the, the quick high of life. And I think that's what's going on.


I hope that encourages you, but I think that's the, that's what you need to be dealing with right now. George, I wanna give you a thought. Well, We can hit the financial piece and I'll, I'll, I'll send you some resources including my book, breaking Free from Broke that'll walk you through all of this and then give you some encouragement. We'll put you through Financial Peace University if you're willing to join a local class and go week after week for nine weeks with a group of people who also have made dumb money decisions. Would you do that? Yes. Awesome. Okay. So after the call is done, we'll we, we'll get you on with Christian and he will hook you up with those resources. Let's talk about the debt for a second. What is your smallest current balance? It is like $500. Okay. And I assume you got nothing in checking and savings right now I have a hundred dollars in, so I have a, I have a credit union as well with the company.


Okay. And I ha I have $200 in there. But you're still, you're, you're living just down to the bone, down to the wire every single week. Right? So the way to get out of this is we need to cut our spending down to nothing and increase our income. So can you work overtime? Can you take on side hustles in order to get your income up in the short term? Yes. I've signed up for overtime. Great. So here's the deal. Once you have that 500 bucks, we're, we're gonna just throw everything we can at that next smallest debt. Because the problem with these payday loans is they grow like a cancer because of the interest as you've seen. It's hard to get out of 'em. It's why it's a cycle that we see a lot of low income neighborhoods.


It's why payday lenders sit there. 'cause they're willing to take your a hundred bucks and they're gonna get a hundred bucks outta you by the, by the time the month is over. And so you gotta attack these things aggressively to get rid of them. And if you do that debt snowball method, you can get outta 30 grand making 85. It's gonna take a a lot of sacrifice. It's probably the next 18 months of your life is gonna just look like work, work, work, work, work. No time to spend, no time for trips. Okay. Do you have anything you can sell? Have you bought any, any toys, items that you could sell to help get rid of this debt? No. You owe nothing to your name? Just a car, but it's paid off. Okay, good. Well that's the plan man. Hang on the line. Christian's gonna pick up, we'll send you a copy of my book, breaking free from Broke.


We're gonna send you financial Peace University, go through all nine lessons and get some professional help where you can get to the root of what's going on here. Yeah, because I agree with Ken. If we don't get to the root of it, we're just gonna stay in the cycle. Yeah, I agree. And I got a weird feeling like the pup was agreeing with us. You know, I do feel Like that. Did you Feel that that was like the pup was in the background going Ken's onto something rough. Amen. Amen. You know, I think the dog is feeling the anxiety as well. These dogs, they can feel things. I just a hunch folks. I don't know if that's true, but I felt like he was really chiming in when we were dropping in the, the hot stuff. So I don't know. Alright, quick break. George and I are gonna discuss the value of denim jackets and then we'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. Do you ever feel like insurance companies only care about your money and not what you actually need? Well, there's a better way. When you go to Ramsey's Insurance Resource Hub, you'll start feeling confident that you're getting the right coverage that's truly best for you. You'll find helpful info on everything from life insurance, health insurance, identity theft, protection and more. And when you're ready to get the coverage you need, you can connect with a RAMSEY Trusted Insurance Pro, who will only get you what you need at the best price. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel joins me. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number. Let's stay right here in our neck of the woods. Elijah joins us in Nashville. Elijah, How can we help? Hey, so to explain what's been going on is I've been going to work every morning by a meter car that my parents let me use with my sister. I live with my parents, I live with my parents. I work at the local post office. And I recently just got laid off because I wasn't able to keep up with the workflow.


Oh, I'm so sorry. What do you mean you weren't able to keep up with the workflow? I just wasn't fast enough. Like I couldn't get the mail out the window fast enough as I was delivering. Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on a second. 'cause this will be material later. What do you mean? Or were you a mail delivery? Were you a mailman? Yes, sir. I'm, I'm, yes, I'm a mailman. Yes sir. I'm a mailman. And You just couldn't get mail delivered in the amount of time that they have allotted for you. Yes. Do you Agree? Do you agree with This? Yes. And what is the reason for why you couldn't get the mail out in time? I am just kind of a slow human being. I, it's, I tried my hardest and they, they recognized, they were like, Hey, we saw that you tried your hardest.


We, you know, we're not, we're not firing you we're just asking that you please resign because, you know, Well, they fired you. I mean, it's okay to admit that. I know it hurts. I've been fired before. It's the worst feeling in the world. World. That's true. But it wasn't a layoff in terms of, Hey, business is struggling and we can't afford to keep you. It was, you can't do this job. Yeah. I guess You're right. And so it's okay to own that, but we gotta figure out what's next for you and Well, and I, I gotta ask another follow up, George. And I'm not trying to pick, I'm trying to understand when you say I'm a slow individual, I mean, what's, what's really, I'm not very intelligent and I'm not fast move.


Like I just, how do I say this? So you have some, so you have some, some mental challenges. Is that what I'm hearing? That's probably what it is. I mean, I've, I've always been slower than my schoolmates I've ever, I've had like, okay, they'd always tell me, oh, I went and did this on Friday night. And I was like, wait, you were out. I was doing homework, trying to figure out the lesson. Gotcha. Okay. But it's Not a diagnosed, diagnosed disability? It's, I it's not diagnosed or anything. I, I mean, I might be able to go get it checked out at some point, but Okay. That's not my All Right. Main concern right Now. I get it. And I don't wanna hover on that. But let me just say this really quickly. It is important as we go forward for you to dive into what's going on.


You may just have some processing challenges, which is very, very, very, they're calling this neurodiverse now. So the point is, at some point you want to get to the bottom of this so that you can realize your limitations and then we can get you into a better situation. But I know that's not the main reason you called. So, but, but it is probably relevant. So go ahead. What's, what's your question? Yeah, You're, you're right. Yeah. I thank you for that. I, calling that out actually made me think about it now. Okay, good. So they said they might be able to hire me or hire me back at in a different position. Okay. That works better. Great. You know, 'cause they, they, they loved working with me. They were like, you tried your hardest. Yeah, we love to have you love that Way, love to have you back.


Love that. But Yeah. But they knew that that position just wasn't right for me. Sure. So the problem here I'm having now is I'm, now that it's, now that I'm unsure about my position, I do not have a personal vehicle for myself. Okay. I have $8,500 saved up and I have a check that's probably gonna be a thousand dollars coming this Friday from work. And then I do not know because I don't wanna buy like a $3,000 car because I want, you can't find a $3,000 car on car gurus or on any of the more reputable car sites.


Sure. Which, and then I go to Facebook and all the $3,000 cars, they're like, oh, just needs starter. Oh, just needs, you know, blank. It's like, okay, well, you know, well You have money. The number one rule is don't go into debt for it. Yep. And so That's what I'm trying to do. Do is I trying to avoid With the cash you have on hand. I'm trying to give myself a buffer. Yeah. So, okay, let's say we buy a $7,000 car. Yeah. What's wrong with that? I, and that just, that's what makes me concerned is I don't know how the, I'm not sure that the $707,000 cars are good long term.


Hold on a second. Well, long term is, is irrelevant right now. This is not the car you're gonna be driving for the next 15 years. That's right. But that's true. You know, my last car before the one I own now was a $6,000 oh nine civic. And so by the time I got it, it was already 10 years old. And so it's okay to drive something that's older. And here's the deal. Get a pre-purchase inspection from an independent mechanic that you trust that'll cost you a hundred bucks, 150 bucks. And then, you know, you're not buying a lemon. You know exactly what you're getting into. And then buy it from a reputable, reputable dealer person. Don't get scammed in the, in the, you know, in the deal here. Yeah. Make sure that all the pieces are lining up. Meet in a public place if it's not with an independent dealer, but you can go to an independent dealer right now in the Nashville area and find cards for $7,000.


I'm looking at 'em right now. I'm in the $5,000 range. And here's a Honda CRV. It's a 2002. It's old, but it's only got 115,000 miles. Hey, it's, let tell you, so Life left in it for A Honda. A deal. That's a great deal. And I, and it took me 30 seconds to pull this up, But here's what you don't do. Don't go to the new dealership car lot and go, Hey, can I get a $7,000 car? They're gonna steer you into the nicest, newest car and go, what, what can you afford for a payment? Young man? Oh, we can make that work. 400 bucks a month. Sure. That's what you gotta go in knowing exactly what you're doing. Go in with a check, say, I've got 7,000 bucks and I'm leaving here with a car. And if they tell you no, go to the next dealer. Hey, Christian, gonna take some more.


Christian, I am emailing you that car right now. 'cause it just so happens he's local and I, I don't wanna say it over the, but he, but I'm, I'm gonna at least give him a start. This car right here, I've got the link. I'm sending it to Christian and, and he'll, he'll give it to you. So Ken loves nothing more Elijah than researching cars. So you came to the right place, but you're doing the right thing. The next piece is no interruption of income. So how can we get you a job ASAP this week to where you're not going with $0? Yeah. So what can you do? Hopefully they'll accept, hopefully they'll go take me back into training for the new position. And, And what if they don't? If if they don't, that's what, that's what I'm concerned about. Okay. But that's where I was at earlier.


All Right. So A big, a big buffer of money so that I can find a proper job. Right. So we start thinking that. I can Say that for a long time. You need to start thinking and start looking. So what is a position based on your past experience or even what the, the mail service is telling you, they're gonna reassign you. What is the position? What kind of work is it? And do you feel that that's a good fit for you with some of your, it doesn't put you in a place of limitation. It puts you in a place of, of, of ability. What is that role? Something repetitive would probably work perfect. I think.


What have you done in the past that has been something you've done well and you've shined in? Do you have anything? Anything you've done in the past? Well, I'm, I'm 21. So the only jobs I've done up to this point was I was a librarian at my college. And I was a, I worked at a McDonald, non McDonald's at a Burger King. Did You shine in those roles? In other words, you'd got the job done. It wasn't something where you were struggling and behind other people, I guess. Yeah, the library job was great. Particularly easy because it was mostly just sitting there and It's a slower PAC environment.


And here's the deal. You know what I'm thinking? I'm thinking you're big box stores, your targets, your Walmarts, your grocery stores. Could you get into some type of, again, very repetitive process, heavy. It's not fast. It's not, you don't have to be fast. You just gotta get the job done. Be thinking about those things. That sounds like, because all of those places need people they can depend on. And Elijah, you got, you got character. This has been established. Thank you that the poster, they, they said, man, you're a good guy. We want you back. We just need you in a different role. That speaks to your character. So get your chin up, number one. Number two, get your eyes up. Start looking for some of those fallback opportunities and check out the link that Christian's gonna give you.


We just got you a car. Thank you that you can pay cash for my man. And it's still got plenty. A Honda, 115,000 miles. That's a deal on it. That's a deal. You can drive that to 2050 and minimal mechanic work. You drove Honda. That's Honda Forever's A love a Honda. Also, I want you to, you started said chin up, eyes up, hopes up. There's your third one. Come on, bring it in right There. That's an AlleyOOP. That's as Close as I'll Get folks. They call that chemistry in the business. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Pre-order today, Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. Hey, have you heard about Dave's new book? Build a Business that You love? I have Have You, have you have you, have you heard about it? It's excited to read it. You know what I like about it? He says it's the baby steps for for building a business, for growing a business. He gives the kind of the six stages of the business. Fantastic. New book. And, and this is timely because we've got a new set of data that's come out, George, that says 70% of Americans wanna be self-employed, but only 6% are. Wow. And I think that the gap, big gap, the reason is 'cause it's very hard. It's intimidating. So whether you're somebody who wants to own your own business one day or you've launched or you've been at it and you just not, you can't get to the next level White. That's right. This is a great book for you. As I said, it's the baby steps for running a business. You can pre-order it now for 29 99 and you get over $350 worth of free bonus items, including the entree, leadership, hiring Playbook, the ebook, and the audiobook. And this book is again on pre-order right now. You buy it right now and you get the best deal plus all the good stuff. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. And I gotta say Dave, Dave always has his picture on the cover of the books. That's kind of his thing. Yep. That's a good photo. I think it's, it might be his best photo ever. He's got the smize going. He's, is that what it's called? I think? I don't know. A sm Yeah. What's that? I think it's what Tyra Banks invented. I think that's what Dave was aiming for here. It's not a real smile. Yeah, we have the picture here if you're watching on YouTube. Oh, there it's, yeah. Yeah. It's not a teethy grin. No. It's just kind of a, you know, kind of a squinted smile. Yeah, I know what I'm talking about. Feel pretty good about what I'm gonna drop on you in this book. Exactly. A lot of confidence there. I like it. He's earned it. Yeah, he looks as cool as the other side of the pillow. I think he's got a shack it on, which you and I, let's just call, let's just call it out. Dave stole that from us. He did, he made fun of us when we first started wearing shacks. I think I dropped the word on him and he was, which is a shirt jacket if anyone's confused out there. Yeah. And true story. And he made fun of me. You know, shack it three weeks later, what's he wearing? Shack. A jacket. You know what happened? He made fun of us when we weren't around in front of Sharon and Sharon validated it. Oh, I like Ken's jackets. I think so. I think it's exactly what happened. So we'll never know. Well, Sharon, I'll ask him next time. He's in Kara's.


Up next in Casper, Wyoming. You ever been to Casper? Have not. Would love to visit me too. Kara, How can we help? Hi. Thanks for having me on. You bet. Absolute. What's going on? So my, my husband and I are looking for a home to buy, but we were wondering if it's financially smarter for us to buy a starter home within the next year or just save up for five years and buy our dream forever home. Ooh. Well why don't you describe for George the starter, what the cost is, how big it is, and then what you consider the dream home and how much that is to get us started, give us, give us those descriptions. Okay. So starter would be under 250,000, maybe a three bedroom, two bathroom.


Okay. Because we already have two kids, a 3-year-old and a 1-year-old. Are You all renting right now? Our dream, We are renting. Okay. All Right. So our dream home would be around 400,000. And I guess in five years from now, it's appreciation value four 80. So it might take us more like six years. And you're sure that's your dream home? Yeah. When you said forever and dream, those are red flags to me. Yeah. 'cause as a millennial Yeah. We've moved like four times since we've been married and every next home is the dream home. Yeah. So I'm not sure, but I am sure that we would be in there. I mean, I'm not sure of anything, but I would hope that we, there We go in there for there.


That's the honesty I'm looking for. That's all we Wanted you to know. We, we just wanted you to, so, 'cause a part of answering this question is for you to get to the mindset of going, it's what my dream is now. But in the grand scheme of things, a lot can change. How old are you and your husband? So I'm 21 and my husband is 23. Oh Sweet. Well, time is ticking. Sweet, sweet Girl. You are truly, truly a child. And I don't mean that in a, in a mean way. I mean like compared to me. Okay. And as boots older than you. And I know that for a fact. Yeah, that's an absolute truth by the way. Sadly he takes care of 'em, but yeah, Sadly true. Okay, So I wanna make the right choice. Yeah. So you guys, are you guys debt free? We are. So we paid off $32,000 left of our debt last year.


And then we're one month shy of saving up our six month emergency file. Awesome. George. So you're on the cusp of now getting into that baby Step three B, which is saving up a down payment. Yes. So even then we're not even this even starter home. It wouldn't be for another year or two. Yeah, Yeah. Oh, it was Meditation there. You didn't say That with confidence. Do you know why he's saying it's a year or two away? Why? We don't know how you're gonna get up that down payment with your income. We don't. We don't know. You gotta explain it to us. How are we gonna sock that away? Okay. How much do you plan on putting down? Well if it's 250,000, hopefully 50.


Okay. But I saw a lot of nice homes in the two 30 range too. Okay, Let's Take you to save up 50. So, so my husband, he makes $110,000 gross. So it's $90,000 spent. And our yearly bills just like rent and electricity and gas are around 30,000. All of your bills only add up to 30,000 a year. So that's rent, electric and gas. So like, Okay, I all in groceries, insurance. Really? 38. So let's say four grand a month is your expenses and you're bringing home seven grand. So you got three grand spread that you could sock away.


Maybe 3,500 if we get tight. Right? So that's 42 grand in a year you could save up. So in a little over a year you guys will have 50,000 saved up. And if you do it in a high yield savings account, that'll help speed it up a little bit. And so let's start talking. A year from now, we're gonna start home shopping for a $250,000 house. Sound good? Okay. Yeah. And is that smarter than waiting these I'm guessing that's what I Would appreciation because you, you hit the nail on the head. Okay. It's a moving goalpost. Yeah. That $400,000 home five years from now is gonna be a $520,000 home. And so I would rather you get your foot in the door with a very reasonable mortgage payment.


25% of take home pay on a 15 year fixed. And then who knows, four years from now, if you keep doing 50 grand a year on that mortgage, you're gonna knock it out in four years. Do you see the math on that? That is our plan to put as much Now. Now you're set now. And that's what my wife and I did. We rolled over the a hundred percent equity in our, in our town home that we had into our next home, which then gave us a very reasonable mortgage payment. And then we paid that off fast. So do you see how this kind of snowballs Okay. And allows you to not jump into too much home and add stress to your life. Yes. And it gives you options. So the reason we like you getting the starter home is why George is what George just laid out. 'cause here's the deal, five, seven years from now, the dream home might be an $800,000 house with a nice pool and you can get It.


And every home is a temporary home until the Lord takes us to our eternal home. Isn't that right, Ken? Wow. Are you writing Christian greeting cards all of a sudden? I'm jot that down's. That's good. You should probably submit that to like Christian Hallmark or whatever that is. But care are you with us on that? That's the smart play It, it gives you momentum. Okay. Let, makes you become a great investor right outta the gate. You guys have no debt And that home's gonna appreciate that. So that might the point. A $350,000 home five years from now and it's paid for. Okay. You tracking with this? Yeah, I guess I've never moved before, so I was worried of, I was worried about, I don't know how much that cost, But you've never been married before. All Right. Like this is a whole new deal. You're only 21. So you know, you Guys are incredible shape to even be doing this a year from now at your age is you are so far ahead of the curve.


A lot of people aren't buying their home. I just saw the stat, Ken. It it's moving and moving and moving. Now people are entering home ownership into their thirties really? Instead of their early twenties or mid twenties like it was back in the day because of home prices. Yeah, yeah. And 'cause of debt. It's holding them back from buying a house. So the fact that you guys are debt free, got the emergency fund, the down payment's gonna be there, you're not biding off more than you can chew. That's right. That will help you build wealth. It's just moving slow and steady. That's right. And for all the reasons that that current house in the 400 range is a dream home for all those reasons. Most likely the kid, it doesn't matter to the kids. They're so little, they don't even know. They'll look back on this first home and think it was huge. Oh Yeah. Do you remember that going back that I to your original house and you're kinda like, this was like a matchbox.


Oh yeah. How did we live in this? And I remember as a kid thinking this place is huge. Yeah. We had one little tiny bathroom. If you open the door, you'd hit the person on the toilet. That's how small this bathroom was that all four of us shared growing up. I resonate with that. Yeah. We shared a bathroom with my mom and dad. But Now the standard is, well every kid's gotta have their own bathroom. Yeah. Boundaries. Yeah. Privacy. Yeah. We've lost our mind. We've lost our ever loving mind. Wow. All Right. Well good hour. Good times man. Thanks to George Kamel. Sorry it Got apocalyptic there Ken. I just had to bring it. Oh, bring us home. It Was just very heavenly. You were just writing some great stuff there. Thanks to James Child and our fearless crew for keeping us on the air. Thank you America for listening. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is Search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bye. A Bing. Bye. A b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.