
This is The Ramsey Show. It's where you hang out America to talk about your life, specifically, your money, your profession, and your relationships alongside the incomparable, the inimitable Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman, and we are here for you this hour. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Is the number you ready to go? You're in your spring corduroy. Yes, I am. I like this. It is, spring has sprung. It has in The Nashville Area. All Right. That means we got a little extra energy for you folks today. Jade's gonna help out on how to save, how to, how to, how to invest the money. And I'll help out on how to make more money.


So it's quite a combo if I do say so myself. We start off with Darlene in Missoula, Montana. Darlene, How can we help today? Hi, how are you? Good. I called in on the show just to try to see what kind of help we could get in guidance in regards to my other half has been hiding some things financially, and I'm having difficulties with that. Oh, no. And trying to get to communicate with him to resolve So we don't lose our house. Oh, what happened? Is this a new revelation? Well, he's always not been real good with money, but I mean, he does try his best. And even though we're just engaged, we don't, we don't have our finances together.


He pays his, his things on his own and, and I pay things on my own. We've never really sat down and gone over our finances with each other, but it, it's just, he's got himself in a predicament and, well, But hold on a second. He's been, I asked you this and you kind of, it feels like you went a different direction. I asked you, is this a recent revelation that he's not been honest with you? I love that your finances are separate. They should be. That's exactly what we would tell you if you asked us that. You aren't married yet. So my question is, is this something new that you have found out and, and, and how'd you find out? Well, I have to say yes and no. I know he's not been that great with money, but to this extent is new.


How I found out, I'll try to keep it short, but you know how you have, you connect with your vehicles and I was pulling up in our driveway from running errand and his phone actually connected. He was on the, the line with, I guess some loan agent from, from his co from his loan company. And I heard something about a forbearance or a deferment. And so I sat in the driveway and tried to listen as long as I could. And then the call disconnected. And then I came in and went downstairs and confronted him. And even though I confronted him on this, he still continued to lie about how far behind he was. Okay. All Right. Well that's, that's all. Thanks for sharing that. That helps Jade and I in, in trying to encourage you, because this is less about him lying about the finances.


This is just about him lying. So we got money problems and you guys are about ready to tie the knot. When is, when is the big day? We haven't really set a date, to be honest with you. I've been comfortable with just the engagement the way that it is. And I just, I want things to be more stable. All Right. So, and make me, How can we help you? Sure. How can we help? So as you now, we've got a good idea of what's going on. And I'm troubled If I could play Big Brother for a moment. I am, I'm concerned because this is a real problem. We, we know that financial issues cause a lot of marriage stress, number one, it's well documented. And then number two, there's, there's dishonesty here.


And so I'm, I'm very concerned. So How can we help you best today? What, what can we do? Well, I mean, I obviously don't expect any type of relationship or marriage counseling. I, I do know I'm good with money. I think everybody can always be better with money. What I wanna do is to be able to get him to sit down and to be completely honest about finances in general, know how, no matter how bad it is, we really need to get to the root of the problem and to be able to sit down, look at his finances, my finances. I agree. What Happened when and to when to be able to rectify What happened when you confronted him. Because I, and, and depending how the confrontation went, it feels like that would've been a time to kind of come clean with everything.


Did he not What happened when you confronted him? No, When I confronted him and he knew that I heard the conversation on the phone, I tried to sit and Google in front of him what deferments were and what forbearances were, just to educate myself. And Because you weren't sure trying to figure out Exactly. Yeah. And I, of trying to figure out what he was actually doing and what his plan was. And when I started reading off and trying to figure out whether Forbearances is added onto the back of your loan to the end of your loan or if it's a balloon payment. And I looked at him and I said, well, forbearances say that you have to be four months behind. I said, you just said you were a little bit behind. And What'd he say to that? I said, Now he said, no, I, I don't want to be that far behind at all. Well, then there was another lie.


He was already four months behind Do. Okay, so let me ask this. 'cause there's two things that I'm sensing going on. Number one, your boy was caught in a lie and you probably came in hot and heavy. I would too. Like, I'm not saying that you shouldn't have, I would've been like, say what? So I understand that you probably came in there really strong. And so for some personalities that's like shut down mode. Like it's like I, I, I, I like the, the cartoons. So he, he may not have, he might have just been trying to get through the situation, which is probably why he wasn't giving more information. That's thing number one. But did you guys come back later on in calmness and be like, okay, let's sit down and talk's.


What's gone on and when that happened, what, what could you derive from that? Because it is possible, people don't always know. When people don't know what's going on with their money and they get behind, sometimes they're still like, okay, what's going on? How many months in it? He, he might not even understand it. So have you guys sat down now calmly to talk through everything that's going on? We have a few times, yes. It's been little conversations and when it kind of gets a little bit more heated, we step aside a little bit and take another day and then sit down and, and look at it again. So we both don't get so upset or he doesn't feel attacked or anymore ashamed. And he says he feels like a failure.


And, Okay, so you guys are talking about it and it kind of does. I mean, can you can jump in here. It does kind of sound like what I would expect a, a situation like this to sound like. Yeah. Because contrary to popular belief, money stuff is not a light switch. Like it doesn't, it's not one conversation and over. It does tend to spread into many conversations that have a life of their own. Because the truth is there is he has made a mistake. I'm not trying to sugarcoat that, but there's a lot of shame around the choices that people make with money. And so it can take a while to really be able to talk about it in a way. And I think it, what you're saying seems right. You talk about it a while, when it gets too hot and heavy, you cool it down, you come back to it later.


Like that, what you're describing really does sound like you're on the right track. And what I would be listening for is, as long as you don't feel like he's still hiding things, then I think that you're on the right track. And this is just something that you guys are gonna uncover and it's gonna be a continued journey. Yeah. However, I agree with all of that, but I think this ought to be premarital counseling. Yeah. Yes. Because you actually need a professional who can help you navigate his feelings. His feelings are very real and as a result, very powerful. In other words, there's a lot of shame. What I heard is he's ashamed. Yeah. And he needs to know that you aren't judging him. He needs to know that you aren't holding an ultimatum over his head, but that you don't feel safe because of the way he does money.


And this is about us moving forward, having a healthy and prosperous marriage. Not what you've done now or what you're dealing with. I'll help you, I'll dive in going forward. Hey babe, I'll handle the finances and you don't have to worry about it 'cause it's my thing. It's my jam. Like that has to be facilitated through a real marriage pro. Yeah. And I could not recommend, I think your Next Steps are, Hey, we're doing this for us so that there's no judgment. Sit with me in there. They'll keep me in check so that I don't shame you. Facts. Yeah. Come at it that angle and just say, please do this for us and it's gonna be okay. No shame, no nothing, no condemnation. I think that's the play.


But I do believe that this is premarital counseling. This is not a money issue right now. It could be, but it's actually not. I agree. And, and that's why I would do that. So thanks for the call, Darlene. Thanks for trusting us. I think it's gonna be okay if you approach it that way. And you guys stick through the therapy. Quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you guys. Health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They'll also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen, y'all, there's no better way to take care of healthcare costs. CHM programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. So glad you're with us today. America alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman and we're here to coach you up. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's The phone number. Sarah's gonna join us now in Atlanta, Georgia. Sarah, How can we help today? Hi. Yes sir. I'm 56 years old and first of all, thank you for taking my call. You bet. I'm 56 years old and I have four grandchildren that I am now raising. Oh my, I was in a perfectly good situation before I got the kids. I had, you know, money in the bank. I was working for an airline and I was doing really well and I got the call either come and get the kids or they're going to state.


Oh my goodness. Oh no. So needless to say, I came back and I had to spend everything I had. Yeah. And I took, the kids, got a place as quick as I could. 'cause I, I was, I gave up everything to travel. My husband passed away. My husband, I mean, my mom passed away, so it was like, it was only me, you know? Yeah. Yeah. So here, I'm gonna live my life. And so I had to come back and I had to try to get a home. I had to try to get the furniture, I had to try to get, you know, and I was getting all this to keep 'em out of the system. Sure. And now it's been five years and I am like broke.


I don't know what to do. Oh, Sarah. Sarah. Well first of all, you are such an amazing grandma. I'm telling you, you stepped up and we're gonna help you. We're gonna help you. So give us the scenario. Where are you at? Finance. Okay. Where are you financially? Or did you, you All Right? Did you accrue any debt? A lot. Okay. Walk us through That. I went from having, I went from having 63,000 in the bank and was gonna put more, you know, as I was traveling. Sure. But all that's gone because I had to get a lawyer, I had to get the house, I had to get furniture, I had, you know, and I, it was just, I, I spent it all. Okay. I get it.


It's okay. From, we wanna get you out this, what are, what's your debt? I went, Well, okay. I went from that Real quick. Sarah, tell me where did you used to live? Where did you travel from and where do you live now? I live in Georgia now. And when they called me, I was in Paris. Paris. So I had France, Paris, France. Yeah. Oh. But I was traveling. Yeah. Okay. I didn't live anywhere. I was You Didn't have a home. I was traveling. Got you. Okay. I was confused about that. So now you're in Atlanta. How, how old are these kids? These kids? The youngest is six, then there's 8-year-old identical twin boys. Wow. And then a 12-year-old little girl.


Okay. Okay. So she's got a ways to go's Now. Do you have full custody of them now and all that's settled? I do. So, no. Yes. All that's settled and, okay. All Right. And now it's all on me. So I'm mama. Okay. You know, basically, Mama. Alright. What are you, whatcha are you doing for work? You're not doing the travel agent thing anymore? No, I can't. I was working with a local company and then they let me go. So I went from having around 4,300 and income down, I mean, from 6,500 having income down to 4,300. And this is where I, I lost it. This is where I'm, I'm like losing everything because I don't have enough. So What, what are you doing now?


Like, what's For work? My pet sitting, I'm doing pet sitting. I go to people's houses and pet sit. The reason I don't do a regular nine to five type job is 'cause the kids, these kids are special needs. Oh, seriously? Okay. Yes. Okay. Can't, is that why you lost your job before? That is, yes. That is the reason why I lost my job. Okay. So you're in Georgia. Is there anybody, is it, it's just you and these kids? There's no other family. You mentioned your mom passed? No. Yeah. Okay. No other family? It's just me. And how many of the kids have special needs? Four. Okay. They, They were born on drugs. My god. Bless their heart. Oh my. And, and so a lot of medical stuff still going on.


A Lot, lot of medical and a lot of emotional behavioral. Okay. And so where's, where's, where's most of your money going? Is it for therapy and, and the medical stuff? I'm guessing that's extremely expensive. Yes. That, well, they do get Medicaid, thank goodness for that. Okay. You know, that does help. Okay. But most of the money now, since I had to get a mortgage, it goes to the mortgage. And I had to get, you know, the mortgage right now is off the chain. So what is it, when Got the mortgage, What is the mortgage? I do a, I do a 6.25% now. And my mortgage is $1,748 a month.


That's most of it right there. And is it a house that's Just the mortgage? Yes, it is a house. Okay. Whereabouts? Actually I'm in like southwest area of Georgia. Yeah. And the reason I, I'm asking 'cause I know that area very well. I lived down there for a long time, so I was just curious. So you're, you're south of the airport? I am, yes. Yeah, I am like near Albany. Okay. Gotcha. All Right. All Right. Let's walk through the debts really quick 'cause we don't have a ton of time left. And we're going to get you some help here. But let's give Jade a quick snapshot of your total debt. We know the house well. Let's just quickly get that. How much is, how, how, how much is the house worth today?


Do you have any idea versus what you owe? It's Worth? It's worth 235,000 and I owe 217,000. Okay. So you don't have much there. Okay. And now go through the rest of your debts. Smallest to largest. Okay. Credit card debt. I got several of those. All of them together is around 6,100. I pay 3 85 a month. Okay. Okay. Furniture bills. I pay 8, 7, 8 47 a month. Is that a for the, is that a one-time purchase? The furniture bill? You just put it on a loan? Or is it something that's like a rent to own deal? It's, it's sort of like a rent to own deal. Okay. How do we get out of that? 'cause what are you paying a month?


8 47. Okay. 8 47 A month. Now How, is there a way to get out of that? Because that's gonna be a revolve. Like, you're gonna be in that forever. If we don't, if we don't get out of it now. And that's a lot of money. Yeah. It's, it's another year on it. Okay. You can't get out of It 47 a month. I don't know how. Okay. That's your homework. One of the things that I want you to do, getting off of this call, is to find out how I can get off of this. Because this, for a, a whole nother year is a lot of money. Right? I'd rather you just go over to Walmart and make it happen for, for $847 for in one month than to continue paying this. Right. How much furniture does that include?


All the beds, the couches, the kitchen table. It includes everything in the house. I had to get something. Okay. So this is how I Did it. And then after the year, you'll own it? Yes. Okay. It's 5,229 total. Okay. To pay It all. Okay. Keep going down the debt. What else do you have? I have, basically that's all the debts is the furniture bill and the credit cards. And then my stupid butt got some payday loans. I'm gonna work on the getting. What do you owe on the payday loans? 2,400 total. Okay. 1320 a month. Okay. So yeah, you're right. Those payday loans, those will suck the life outta you.


So I want those at the very, very top of the list. Correct. Do whatever you can to get those things out. I, I really, really want, and I know that this doesn't happen overnight, but if you find the right folks, it can, I really want you to get plugged in, in a church or into some community because you can't do this alone. You abs I mean, you are running on fumes already. So you've gotta get somewhere and you've gotta tell your story. That's right. And you've gotta let people hear what's going on. People who care. I want you to get to a local church. I want you to get plugged into a life group. And I want you to start saying what's going on. Because anybody else that hears that is gonna go, if you came into my life group today, I'd be like, what can I do instantly?


Hundred percent. Do you see what I'm saying? So getting people around you is paramount to making this work. Okay? Right. And by the way, 'cause we're running outta time, I want, I want to set her up, Christian, with one of our financial coaches, please. Yes. Let's get it. Let's, let's gift her a session so that it's just a little bit more time and, and they can help you with a plan because we just cannot cover all of this in the, in the small time we have with you. Secondly, Christian, you've done this before. Also, let's figure out what churches we know in the area and get her in there where she lives specifically. We will also make some connections to this church for you or churches. And I cannot say what Jade said is absolutely the number one thing you gotta do right now.


Now, the coach will help you, our coach, financial coach will help you and come up with a game plan. But you've gotta go tell your story. 'cause people's hearts will break with yous and you will get help. You've gotta be okay to say, I need help. Yep. Yep. No shame in your game. Sarah. You stepped up. Okay. You did what you did. Yep. No one's judging you, including us. Nope. Anybody, everybody just wants to Help. Gotta have some help. Yeah. Yeah. So hang on the line. Christian's amazing. He'll take good care of you, Sarah. Help is on the way. Keep your chin up. There's a plan. This is The Ramsey Show. All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly?


Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. So why, why is that? Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner, changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric. Yes.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's fairwinds. They are an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. You know, that's why we're partnering with them because they're, they're, they've got a scope to be able to handle the RAMSEY audience and they're the right kind of people with the right kind of values. And they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. So again, you guys, I know it can be a pain to switch banks or to open up new accounts, but Fairwinds again, they make it so easy. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, You guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number to jump in.


Alright. It is possible To break the cycle you've been stuck in. I'm just telling you it's possible. It might seem as though you're just never gonna get out of it, but it is possible. And we're talking about your money and your relationships. There's such a tie there. Dave RAMSEY and Dr. John Delony are hitting the road to show you how to break outta the cycle. It's called the Money and Relationships Tour. They're gonna talk about raising great kids, handling money fights, making real friends and more. This is the turning point you've been looking for. And the time is running out. The dates are Louisville on April 21, Durham, North Carolina on April 23, Atlanta, Georgia, April 25, Phoenix, Arizona on May five, Fort Worth on May seven, Kansas City on May 9th. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour is where you get the tickets. Or if you're watching on YouTube or listening via your favorite podcast app, click the link in the show notes. It's the Money and Relationship tour. Dave RAMSEY, Dr. John Maloney, coming to a city maybe near you. So go check out the details and get your tickets. Now.


Colton is up in Denver, Colorado. Colton, How can we help? Hey, Mr. Colton. Man. Hi Mrs. Warshaw. How are you guys doing today? Well, I just feel about 15 years older now. It's very, it was very formal, Mr. Coleman and Mr. Warshaw with you today, folks. We're here to take care of business. What's going on, Colton? How can we help? We appreciate the respect. Yeah. Jade feels, yeah. She doesn't know what to do do with that. I the p This is wonderful first lady. Yeah. Y y'all, y'all deserve it. I've been following Dave RAMSEY from the student program that I took back in high school back in OG 2016. Okay. All Right. So, so I was wondering if I can afford to go on a vacation to Japan next year.


Ooh, I love these questions. I particularly like this question because full disclosure. Yeah. Japan is on my top five list of places to go. Interesting. That I've not been. Okay. So I'm a little interested in this. All Right. Right. Colton, how much is it gonna cost? Well, you know, I've been budgeting for it. I'm, I'm looking at it and planning on taking it October of next year. Okay. Okay. So I got some time to save for it and budget for it. And I'm estimating the cost to be around 4K. 4K. All Right. Okay. And do you have any debt? Nope. Nope. I, I paid off my truck last year in July and I have about 15 grand in savings right now.


And I estimate that to be about 35 grand in savings. Is that Your emergency fund? That is by emergency fund. That is everything. And so what is a fully funded emergency fund as we define it? Three to six months. What's that for you? For me? So I still live at home currently I'm moving out in July and I estimate my expenses to be about 21 to 2100 a month to 2,400 a month. Okay. So you've already got, so the 15,000 is a fully funded emergency fund and then some for you. Yes. And you're gonna be able to, you're gonna be able to cash flow between now and next October, easily the four grand to cover the trip, yes or no?


Yes. I should be able to, but I'm also wondering if it's too much of my net worth because four grand relative to 30, 35 grand is a good chunk of money. Yeah. You know, but that's not, I don't, we don't have a net worth calculator as your vacation. The bottom line is, do you have any debt? The answer's no. And do you have a fully emergency, fully funded emergency fund? Yes. How long is it trip? Are you investing 15% of your, of your income into retirement? I haven't started investing yet. My company doesn't do a 401k match and I'm still just bulking up to move out. And that's why I've been saving probably about 70% of my Take home here.


Here's my deal. I'll get outta the way and, and seed my time to my financial expert partner over here. I just see no issue with you coming up with four grand. Even if you're investing 15%, which you need to be doing, you coming up with, with four grand between now and October, 2026. That's no problem. Is, is a non-issue my man. So I would say go to Japan. How Long's the trip? Me and my friend are still working that out. He, he's coming along to also paying all cash. So he'll be good to go. Doesn't That have to do with your work? Like how does that conflict with your work is all I'm asking? You know what, thankfully my job offers me generous amounts of PTO.


Okay. And I do mean generous amounts of PTO. I have 24 days to burn this year. So your only question then was just your only issue was net, net worth. Like, Hey, is this too big of a piece of my net worth to do this? Yeah. No it's not. No. Okay. No. And you only live once, bro. The fact that you're paying cash for this. Yeah. You're young. How old are you? I'm 24. I'll be about to turn 26 by the time we take the trip in October. My birthday's end of October or so. Okay. So we turning 26. My only caveat is I would be moved outta my parents' house before I went and did this. Like, to me at your age, that's really important. And so I would not want this trip to push me from not doing that.


That would be my only piece to this Dude. No, it, it's not gonna push me from that. I am moving out in July. That's great. I'm moving out to a college town, not to go back to school. That's just where I wanna live. It's gonna be Laramie, Wyoming, and you know, that's where my expenses in rent fits in. Do it where I wanna live. So Do it. Alright, so listen, I'm gonna preview my talk on the RAMSEY cruise. Okay. What? Talk, what's it about? It's, I'm about to tell you. It's, it's the answer to why he's calling in. Okay. My talk is, for decades Davis said live like no one else. That's the baby stuff. Yeah. So that later you can live like no one else. And then he eventually added and give like no one else. Right. Right, Right. Okay.


But living like no one else, but the, the crux of my talk, 'cause all these people on the cruise are baby step four and higher facts. Okay. Is don't get to the end of your life after you're doing all this hard work to live like no one else and not actually live like no one else. Which means when you're 24 and debt free, Come On going to Japan for four grand because you can. Yeah. And you come back with a great experience and no stress that's living like no one else. Is our talk the same? Because I feel like I'm talking about the same. I'm talking about being in your spending era and my guy, it's different. My guy is in his spending era. I'm not talking about the money part. I'm gonna say on the other side of all this hustle, now we go from intensity to intentionality.


And let's talk about the regrets of the dying. I I'm gonna share the regrets. Oh, the Regrets that, okay. The regrets of the dying, what we Know from, from tons of studies on it, it Tell, tell us some of them. Can you without Yeah. Yeah. Without, I won't give the whole talk. But it's, I didn't live true to myself. Like I've tried to please everybody else. Oh Man. Yeah. I didn't spend enough time with friends. I didn't spend enough time with family, like these type of things. And so I'm gonna equate it to, now that you have financial peace, what does living like nobody else look like? And I'm gonna actually spin. I love that. I'm gonna flip the regrets. Love. So I love that so much. Instead of a regret, I'm gonna go, here's the flip side to this regret and I'm gonna name it. And now that you have the money and the freedom to pursue this, get to the end of your life.


And reminisce, not regret. That's the final. That's Very good. So I would say, Colton, I, I believe in this so much. I'm, that's the talk I'm doing essentially. And I think at 24 being debt free, if you don't go to Japan, it's the type of thing you might regret one day. And where none of us are promised tomorrow. Yeah. So while I'm living, this is from the, the, the Broadway show Redwood. Oh. With Idina Menzel That Stacey and I just saw, there's a song and there's a lyric in this song that says Live while you're living. Okay. And I'm gonna go ahead and borrow that. I probably botched that lyric. I'll Look it up. I'm with you. I thought you were going to Sinatra. No, I just think that when I'm living live Yeah, that's right.


Live. And I think this is, this meets all of the requirements for us saying, you know, David said for years, don't let your vacation come home with you. I agree. Yeah. By putting it on a credit card. But he's got the money and why wait, that, that, I think what Ken, what Ken, what you're saying is so, so smart and so true. We see that with home buying. We see it with vacations. It's kind of like people are gun shy to actually, like you said live. And I'm like, you have the moment. Take it. No one is, no people only want your time. They only wanna suck things from you and take things from you. People rarely will push you to do those things. Yeah. There'll always be an excuse like, why you gotta work more, why you can't go, why you can't do it. Just Go, this is my new qualifier, Colton, Jay and everybody else.


When, when given an opportunity, I sit there and I think, is this something that if I'm an 85-year-old man in my final days that I'm gonna look back on and go, I wish I had done that. Man, I tell you what, I'm glad that my talk comes before yours. 'cause they're kind of similar. Hey, if There's karaoke on the cruise, will you sing that song you just talked about on The cruise? Yeah. Can If, if, if Jade works with me on it, like she's gotta make sure that I can get all the keys. Me, me, me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's a pro. If she coaches me, sure. Maybe does a duet with me. I don't know. Based on the last time We heard, could you ing if I do like a Kirk Franklin version, like Kurt never actually sings, but he surrounds himself with great singers. That's more me. I say a couple lines with some, oh, okay.


Okay. While you're singing, this is The Ramsey Show.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting. But you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage. Just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in mls ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw joins me and we're here for you this hour. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Before we get to the phones, it's time for our RAMSEY show question of today. Brought to you by why refi? With why refi? You can take control of your defaulted private student loans with a plan that works with your monthly budget visit. Why refi.com/ RAMSEY? That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in Allstate.


All Right. Today's question comes from Catherine in Indiana. She says, how do I rationalize having a thousand dollars emergency fund when I could be using it to pay off debt? I've lived paycheck to paycheck for 25 years and I've always managed to cash flow any emergency. I have a hard time rationalizing putting money in the bank now when I could put it towards credit card debt. I can't get past this feeling that having savings is for those people and not me. Fascinating. That is fascinating. I mean, let me ca tackle this from a couple of areas. First and foremost, I want to say that when I first started the baby steps, I felt the same way. I was like, oh, you Did?


Yes. You were so intense. 'cause this says intensity to me. Let me tell you, I specifically remembering arguing with Sam because he was like, Jade, we have to walk the steps the way they're written. And I was like, but we need this thousand dollars to go towards our credit card payment. Like I, which I understand that. Yeah. 'cause you're desperate. And so you're like, wow, trying to like put out the fires and stop bleeding, stop the bleeding. So I validate the way you're feeling. However, what changed my mind is kind of what you said here, which is for 25 years you've been living paycheck to paycheck, which means your way hasn't been working. That's right. That's really, and so I had to do the same thing. I had to go, here's the thing, I'm in $460,000 of debt Right my way.


And my instincts have not served me well up until this point. But Was there, okay. But I also know you, you're probably one of the most principled, convicted people I know. And that's a compliment. Yes. So what changed is, was it something that Sam said? What, what made you finally go, and I know you just kind of said it, but there had to be something that No, There was an I've moment that there was an, I've had moment. Okay, what was it? So the, I've had it moment was we continue, we, because we didn't have the thousand dollars because we were trying to put out fires as they came. We weren't making as much progress as we should have been making and not having that extra little bit of money when, when an unexpected things come up. I just felt like we were taking, you know, two steps forward, one step back, two like just going very, very slowly.


And I just remember one time just being like, pull the car over. Like I can't, we've gotta figure this out. And when we did that, we kind of looked at the baby steps and it was kind of like an audit. It was like, okay, what are we doing versus what the steps tell you to do. And what we found is there were a lot of inconsistencies and the thousand dollars emergency fund was one of 'em. It was like, okay, you're supposed to have a thousand dollars. We didn't have that. When you budget, you're supposed to have a cushion line item. We didn't have that. Okay. Because I was like, $0, zero, zero based budget is $0 in the account. I felt that. Yeah, sure. And so these are the things that we do, especially when you have a lot of debt, especially when you're trying to go quickly, you kind of think, ah, that doesn't apply to me. Yeah. And, and all you see it as money that you could be spending, but I'm telling you that's good.


Catherine do the thousand dollars. Very Personal answer there. Which is powerful. Yeah. Yeah. You felt her. I did. Yeah. And I also understood the, the third part of this, which is if you've never, some so many people struggle with saving. If you've never been a person who has had savings or you've never been able to make it stick. Right. You put it in and then you pull it out, it feels like you'll never be able to do it. Yeah. But if you just take that money, you set it aside, you put a lock on it, you will find that it's a mu savings is a muscle that you build. Mm. And you're probably right now just you don't have any muscles. And so you have to just work at it and you get stronger and stronger.


And that becomes something that you do become good at. Love it. Really good question. Better answer. Love it. Let's go to Austin, who's now joining us in Salt Lake City. Austin. How can we help? Hey guys, how's it going? Good. What's going on? I had a question for you. My wife and I are currently on baby step two. We do have two cars that we have about, between the two of 'em, about 20,000 on one and just under 10,000 on the other. We're looking at downsizing right now just to help put more toward other debts and kind of get rid of those big payments. But I know on one of the cars we're probably about three to $4,000 upside down in it. And so I'm trying to figure out, we, we do need two cars with our kind of work and, and my kids' school situations, we, we really do need two cars to survive.


But I don't have the cash to, like if we were to sell my wife's car, I don't have the cash to cover that, that upside down amount, that three to 4,000 to get the lien. So what's the best way to go about this? Yeah. I guess is it, well, Quick Question to keep that car or How much do you owe on that car? So hers is, hers is between 1920. I don't remember the exact amount. I think it's like 19 four on Hers. Is it a good car? It's a decent car. Yeah. It's a, it's a pretty nice SUV that we like, we have three kids so it fits all the kids and all this stuff that we need. And what Other, the one that's upside down? Yeah. Yeah. That's the one that's upside down. What Other debt do you have? We do have about 60,000 in student loans as well.


Other than that, we don't have anything else. We're currently renting, So we don't have a mortgage. No credit cards, nothing else. What's your income? My, I have my main job salaried at 75. And then I have a couple side gigs that bring in about five to 10,000 a year. Okay. So every month, what do you see? Like on a, on a normal month, what do you see on the pay on the paychecks? My direct deposit's about 54. And then between my side gigs, it really fluctuates month to month. But we've currently budgeted at that 5,400 amount because my other side gigs are pretty like, it's not consistent. It's kind of up and down and it ebbs and flow. So I mean, how quickly using we budget at using, using the side gig. How quickly, if you really said I'm gonna focus in on the side gig, how quickly could you save up three k since you're only, since your budget is based on the 5,400, how quickly could you do that?


It'd be a, probably two to three months. Okay. And what is the side gig? I'm an architectural drafter, so I work for a home builder. That's my full-time gig designing house plans. And then on the side I do it as well. Okay. I, I, Jade, I don't know where you're at, but I'm leaning towards, I think he should just pay this car off. I definitely think that you could pay it off. The only thing that's throwing me a loop is the $60,000 in student loans. If it was just the cars, I'd be like, say less. Like pay 'em both off the 60,000 student loans is what's bothering me. Can I dig a little deeper and ask you what's the payment situation? Are you on the save plan? There's a lot changing with student loans right now, so I just kind of wanna know where your head's at on those.


Yeah, great question. So currently we are on that save plan, but with the unsu of like whether that's actually gonna be approved or not. So all of mine and my wife's loans are currently in forbearance. So we're at zero interest, zero payments right now. And So we haven't been paying on them for the last few months to put more toward our, our car loans. Yeah. And, and do that. So that's currently where we're at. But I'm also like, I don't wanna just let those sit there without making payments on 'em. But we are starting with those smaller car debts as well to, to, you know, get rid of those. So yeah, The student loans, those feel like a major risk right now. Safe plan, a lot of people have been on that to kind of curtail a higher payment, but there's a lot of talk about that being rolled back and the payment amount being due going up.


And so I would hate for that to catch you off guard for that reason. I could be interested in downsizing the lower car or the, the $20,000 car. What's the $10,000 car? What type of vehicle is that? It's a sedan. It's a Subaru legacy that I drive. And I I do, so that's my commuter car. I commute about 35 minutes every day. I could sell that for pretty much what it's worth. I'm not upside down on that one at all, but I would need something. So I, I don't necessarily have the cash to go buy another cheaper vehicle. Yeah. But now, yeah, I wouldn't get rid of that. I, that's another question. I would not get rid of that one. Here's where I am at. I like that you're using your skillset to make money, like extra money on the side, but it feels like it's a slow go.


I wonder if there's something else that you could do that you could make a lot more money, a lot faster. Because I think that if you're gonna hang onto this $20,000 car, you've got to have a, a number in your head that you're committed to like every month. Yep. We are bringing in an extra X amount of dollars. So it's probably you and your wife sitting down. How many kids did you have again? We have three. Three. And what are their ages? Six, three and one. Okay. Woo. Re All Right. I think it's you and your wife sitting down and saying, honey, what margin of time do you have? And looking at the other and saying, okay, well what margin of time do you have? And then come putting your heads together and say this is the amount of money that we're agreeing on that we need to bring in extra every single month.


So it's steady. And if you can do that, then you can keep this car. But just know those student loans are waiting for you in the wings. Yeah, That's right. But they can do this. Yeah. Oh this is doable. So you got options there. I like it. All Right. Good stuff. Alright. Fun hour. It went fast. That means I think we were having fun, Jade. Yeah we were. I can. Okay, good. Alright. That would've been awkward had you said no. Well I'm just kidding. I know this is The Ramsey Show.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my field of greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable infield of greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water and here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass, but it tastes great. And only field of greens makes this promise your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's field of greens.com/ RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


This is The Ramsey Show America, we're thrilled to have you with us. You're welcome. We want to coach you up to win with your money, to win in your profession and win in your relationships. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number. The chuckle you heard in the background was none other than my good friend and co-host Jade Waroff. She's gonna try to keep me on track as well as give you great money advice. So pray for her. Well you said you're welcome. You're welcome. Well you thought it was like, like we're blessing them with our presence. Yeah. And I was thinking you are welcome. Got you. Like you are welcome here with us. You are welcome here on the show. We wanna help you. I hear you. Yes, Ken.


I have To work better. I think my personal brand is is is making you think one thing. No, I'm just happy to be here. Let's go to Margie in Chicago, Illinois. Margie, How can we help today? All Right. Thanks for taking my call. You bet. Just wanted opinion and see your thoughts on where we are today. So I'm 60 years old. I work full-time still and I bring home, I'm a 10 99 contract, but it is a renewing contract. It's just everybody's 10 99 and my husband is 68 and he's retired and he brings home I make 90,000 and my husband brings home about 6,200 with social security and pension.


I think we're on the right track, but he feels that we have enough money to, he's not a big spender, but it's the nickel and dime where we go out to dinner. The some unnecessary purchases, small purchases. Is It in the budget? You know, I, I did write in initially in an email and we don't have a budget. Ah. So I know that's gonna be due the $1 thing. But we do manage to get into savings every month. We, I'm, we both manage to make sure that there's enough for my income tax that I have to pay on because I'm 10 99. How much do you bring in Every month?


I bring in 90,000. Oh a month. 7,575. Is that after the taxes or before? Well, that's before. And then I divvy it up into the bank accounts taxes. And then we are able to save for the top dollar Roth that we put into annually. What's yours after the taxes come out? Oh geez. After the taxes it's probably like 4,300. 'cause that's income and property tax. Okay. So we have virtually no debt. We have 9,000 left on our mortgage. No car payments. No credit cards. We have like 16,000 in our emergency and then like 50,000 in our high yield account.


Okay. So, and I just keep saying, and we have six, 600,000 in retirement savings. Okay. But I just keep saying we still can't just forever listly, you know, always go out. It's expensive to go out to dinner and he thinks I'm so frugal and I'm like, no, we still need to stay to save for retirement because I do wanna retire. Well I think that, I think that the, the crux of all of this is without a budget, everything's a guess, right? It's like Right. I think that this is probably not good or I think that we don't have enough, but you really don't know, or you think that this is outside of our range, but you really don't know because there's no set limit that's really telling you.


So I think thing number one is if you guys get a budget, an EveryDollar budget, it's going to take a lot of guesswork out of what you're saying because it sounds like you bring, you bring home $10,500 every month, that's a lot of money. Right. Especially for people who don't have debt. And so I think that if you guys do a budget and in the budget, of course you're, you're adding the things that are very necessary. Right? Your mortgage and your 15% that's going towards retirement and all of the other little, you know, things that you guys are paying for. And if you just say, okay, and our restaurant budget is is $500 a month and our Right, you know, saving for vacations, we're putting away this much a month. I think that that's going to be eye-opening for you.


I really do. Yeah. Because you guys clearly have done a a, a fine job saving. You've done a fine job getting your emergency fund. You got 50,000 in the HYSA, which by the way, what's that 50,000 earmarked for? Just for a lack of another word, anywhere else to put it. It's not earmarked for anything, it's just, It's just there extra money. The Yeah, the 16,000 an emergency is over a bunch abundance from what you guys talk about. But that's in case we wanna do something for the house. Yeah. Or we wanna, I don't know. We don't even really touch it. We just, it grows and then we move it over to high yield. So. Okay. And that's just 'cause there's, we can't give any more to Ross. Yeah.


So I, you Know, we can only do the 16. So, so You've got a couple options. I I love that you've got the emergency fund there. That's exactly what it's there for the 50,000. Yeah. Maybe that's there for fun. Things that you want to do. If you want to take a trip, if you need to do something for the house that's there for that, you know, if, if you feel like it's too much, you could invest some of it into a brokerage to where it's still gaining a better interest rate over time. You don't have to, but you could. Right. What are you investing, what's the dollar amount that you're investing every month at this point? I'm sorry, I'm confused by that. Did you tell me that you're still putting money into investments? Oh, I, we just, I just do a one time drop in after the first of the year because you have up to like April.


Okay. So I just did that to our financial advisor 16,008. Eight for him, my husband and eight for me. Okay. 16,000 every year. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Got it. Okay. Yeah. So you're doing that. I mean I could give it to her monthly. That's if I wanted That's do that I could give it to her monthly budgets. Yeah. Okay. Then I, you know, I think that, I mean, can tell me if I'm wrong, but I think a budget is what's gonna unlock All of this. I think so. I think at the heart of the question though, Margie, from what I heard it was, you're trying to get you and your husband on the same page. You're using frugality and you want a little bit more of a plan. You want to get ahead a little bit more. And he's going, man, I kind of wanna enjoy life. We got enough. Is that the tension?


It is. And, and I keep saying every time he wants to go out or you know, we have a couple kids with a grandchild and you know, if we all go out to dinner, that's easily $200 in a week. Right? You know, or more than, so here's, you know, so here's, Okay, so let me, so I think everything that Jade said is spot on. And, and I think that what she's saying is absolutely the key to you finally getting you and your husband on the same page with the budget. If you treat this budget for him as not this frugality play, but actually an intentionality play. In other words, he's just, he's kind of just, it's tension every time you try to say, Hey, I'd like to be a lot tighter.


All the things. I mean, Jay gave you the way to do it, but I think to get him on board, it's less of a message of being tight and frugal. It has a, I think it's got an emotion on it that he doesn't like. And I don't think it's gonna break through. This is my hunch. But if you come at it and say, Hey, this is gonna allow us to spend, like you want to spend, but still, we make the progress in these areas over here. And I think by doing what Jade told you, so it's everything she said, all I'm saying is the way you couch it, this isn't manipulative, it's just speaking to his desire to live. He wants to live. There you go, Ken. See, I hit the nerve.


That's why you're laughing. Well, yeah, because we're not, we take one vacation a year. We're not travelers, but we do enjoy vacation. I Think that you're be, I think you're doing better than you think you are. Because when I, I agree. When I plug your numbers and I go, okay, she's 60, he's 68, he's gonna bring in 6,200 for, you know, forever until this point on. Right? Is there in good shape? You can, if you continue that on for the next seven years, you're gonna have what you're doing right now with the investing that you're doing right now, you'll have one, almost $1.4 million. Right? So if you just lived off the interest, which was 140,000, I'm not accounting for inflation. That's far more than you're earning now.


So you don't even have to live, you could live off of 70,000 and be exactly where you are now. You are good mama. Done it. And just meet him in the middle. The budgeting is for planning and intentionality, but give him some space. Give him his, you know, fund, whatever that is. You guys put it in the budget and that way he's got some margins and you guys are okay. Fun stuff. Really fun call. Alright, we gotta take a quick commercial break 'cause got to pay them. Built


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terra, you're Gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance. Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner. You know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Pre-order today,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is with me. And we're here for you. America. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's go to Newark, New Jersey. Jeremy is there. Jeremy, How can we help? Hey, how are you guys doing? Great. How are you sir? Better than I deserve. Oh, I like that. I should use that. Yeah. Right. Okay. So basically I'll try to make it quick. Right now I am working a job in construction. Last year I made about 150,000. But I have an opportunity, I guess you could say in the same field, the same construction. But the thing is I'll be making significantly less money I guess in the first couple years, but then it'll kind of even out.


And then I'll at some point make more after I think like four years. Wow. The new position would, yeah, the new position would be a lot less labor intensive, a lot easier on the body. Okay. People that are in my role right now in my current company, maybe the, the, the guy who's been here the longest has been there for like 10 years. Maybe the people I talked to in the other position has been there for like 30, 40 years. Okay. So, So this gonna be easier on your body as a pro. Looks like it has more Longevity is a pro, a 40% cut is not a pro.


Mm. And no, and I, I'm a guy that has entertained things like this before, but four years. So the, to me, the question, and the only question that I need an answer to on this is can you absorb that? Is it taking you to a different state or cost of living, or you've got so much margin in your life that 40% won't really be obvious in a painful way. That's what I need to know. What can you sustain that? I would, I would have to cut a lot of stuff, which I'm perfectly fine with doing myself. Are you, are you single?


I'm not single. Me and my girlfriend have been dating for a few months now. Well, you're single far as I Can take it. 'cause she's used to Right. My point is, is you're not in a marriage situation where, and you don't have kids. Right? Right. Okay. Do you have Debt? I'm, I'm sorry? Do you Have debt? All I had is a car loan that I actually got. Once I got this job, I got a little excited making the extra money. So before this job I was making maybe like 40 to $50,000 a year. Okay. So this was a big jump for you. A major jump. So, so What are you making now? Well, my salary, I guess if I were to work 40 hours a week would be around one 20.


I guess in the last year I did, you know, a little bit of overtime. So I made one 50. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, I just, I I'm gonna tell you that you need to be looking for other opportunities that don't require a 40% cut. I understand the physical toll on the body. I do get what you're saying there. I see the longevity play. I, if I were in your shoes before I did this, I would be making sure that there were no other better options. And I don't believe that that's the case, Jade. I just don't think that's the only option he has. I'm just trying to understand. So you got this gig that it's paying more than you were making and you're, you got excited, got the car, this other thing came along.


Were you looking for something else? And if so, what was the main driver? Was it the physicality thing that you were like, I can't keep doing this to my body, I gotta get out of this? Is that what happened? Or did that just happen to be a, you know, part of this? Well, in, well I work in construction. I'm an operator. Right. But I'm, I'm not like running, I'm not, I, how do I say, I'm not running and like an excavator or anything like that. Yeah. I'm more operating at like a, like a truck. That truck. I'm just getting truck. What I'm trying to get at is for you to tell us why you want to leave this job. 'cause if you can't articulate a clear reason, then what's the point of leaving it?


Yeah. I don't Feel like you're in an emergency situation is what she's getting at. Like, this feels like No, no, no. It's definitely not an emergency situation at all. It's more like, what can I see myself doing in the long run? It'll be part Oh, so I should mention also, this is a union job. It'll be part of the same union, just a different kind of like sector, I guess you can say. Well, I'm, I'm gonna tell you right now, I am never gonna tell somebody to take a 40% pay cut and sit four years in that pay cut to get to move up in a union. It's too risky. I'm not gonna put my future in the hands of the union. Sorry. So I'm gonna catch hate for that. It's not, but that's just what I believe.


It's okay, I get it. So it's not, it, it wouldn't be a 40% pay cut for four years. Like the first year would be 40 then next year, 30 next year. Oh, well, but you buried the lead. You didn't tell us that. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Yeah. So it raises 10% every year Up 10%. I, yeah, it go up. Yeah. I go up 10% every year on until I'm, I'm at the a hundred percent. I, I personally would. Okay. It's gonna be forever thing. Here's my ruling. I'll let Jay get the last word on it. 'cause I, I've, I've heard enough. I personally would not do this. However, from giving you advice, if you believe this is your best ladder for the future that you want and you can absorb the cut 40% one year, then it's only 30 then.


And if you can absorb that not going to debt and you got enough margin to live comfortably, then I, then I wouldn't hate it, but I would not do it. That's, it Sounds like I'm splitting the baby, but I'm not. No, I get it. This is, What do you say? I wanna, I Wanna what you owe on the car. I wanna know what you owe on this car. Oh, okay. So on my car I owe about 30. My plan was if I were to do this, I would want to pay off my car before I even considered doing it. Okay. I'm fine with that caveat. Yeah. Are you scored brownie points right there with Jade? You scored pull. I'm fine with that caveat because what's the payment on the car? Actually the payment on the car is about $700 a month. Exactly. And so that, you're gonna feel that That's $8,400 a year pal.


Yeah. Yeah. You're gonna feel that when, if you take this other job. And so that would be my, my, you know, caveat to this is Yeah, pay that thing off and then you want it, would You do it personally? I, I'll be honest, I don't feel like you've made it very clear, Jeremy, what this job is really gonna do for you. I, I'm not sure that, and I'm sure maybe you know it deep down inside, but you didn't make it really, really clear to us. So I'm still struggling with why it's feels like something you need to do. I feel like it's something that I could see myself doing longer than what I'm doing right now. Especially with like, Yeah. But see that's great. Like I said, my, my, Okay, I'm interrupting. I'm sorry I'm interrupting because my partner figured it out.


She got to the core. You're just looking at this as, this is good, this is good long term. We want great for you. Ooh. What's gonna make Jeremy get fired up on a Monday morning 20 years from now? I don't think this is it. Am I right? Well, I'll be honest, this has been the only job I've ever had, like the women I'm in right now where I'm actually excited to go to work. And when I look at the other people doing their thing, I look at them like, I wish I was in their position. Even though I love my job so much, I still kind of wish I was in their, Okay. That's all that we're getting At. Okay. Now Ken, you can, you can, well, I mean, that's what you were getting at. Yeah. And and kudos to you. That's what I teach and I believe it's like, is this the long term play and a long term play that we go, I'm excited about this.


Not it's a good job, it's okay. Oh no, I Love my job. Yeah. Okay. So you do love your job. Okay. All Right then we've spoken. Yeah. Have to pay with like, like half of what it is now. I would still love it. It's A difference between I love it or I love it more. Then you go with the love it more. Yeah. All Right. Yeah. Well there you go. Get your house in order financially before you take this move. 'cause you don't want this, they don't want this to be, you don't think, okay, this is gonna be fun. And then you get in and you go, oh, this is a lot harder than I thought. This is, I call it my half marathon decision. I thought, oh, this'll be a great test. Yeah. And it'll be fun training and it'll be all these things. Yeah, it was. And your boy got no, it wasn't, your boy got into it.


It was like, I'm a grown man. Why am I out here running for two hours on a Sunday afternoon instead of laying on my couch watching golf? Grit, Ken. Yeah, but I didn't, it wasn't in you. It wasn't grit that was worth it to me. I see. There wasn't anything, in other words, There was no payoff for You. I thought I'd be motivated to do it and I was motivated to get through it. Big difference. Yeah. There is. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. I'm not like you, you this woman folks, she is an iron woman. I mean, you can just go run marathons like no big deal. Ran a marathon. Yeah. But the way you trained, you're just two, you're two, you're too disciplined for me on that. Oh, no kidding. I'll play pickleball for three, four hours Now that, that Requires a discipline.


But I'm not gonna go running on the road somewhere for no purpose at all. What am I doing? I'm just trying to run back to the place where my car is. Doesn't make any sense to me, but I digress. This is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, Let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. RAMSEY trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're people you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a RAMSEY trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is with me and we are here for you. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. So I gotta give it to you, Jay. We've got a fun email we got from Nate in Michigan and this is fun. It's kind of related to a segment you've done before. Asking for a friend. Yeah. Asking for a friend. It's whenever you want to know something that you feel you should know Right. At this point in life. Right. Right. You don't wanna be today years old where you find out about something that you feel like you should have known forever. And so instead of putting the heat on you and saying, Hey, can you tell me about this? You put it on a friend. Yeah. Say, yeah, My imaginary friend Asking for a friend. Right. So Nate from Michigan is asking for a friend.


We don't listen. His name is probably not even Nate. Yeah, that's fine. He says, I just wanted to know the true meaning behind the phrase cash flow. Okay. Sometimes it seems like it means simply the, that we pay cash for something. Or for example, we cash flowed the building of our house. Right. Other times it seems like it's a phrase that's being used in a business sense, right? Is the business profitable? Just wondering what that means. Okay. So this is good. He's right. We do kind of use it in two different ways. Yes. 100% cash flow. When we're talking about personal finance, it means being able to use the cash that's flowing in and out of your pocket to pay for things, right? So if I said, oh, I bought a new car and I cash flowed it, it means that I used money that was out of, usually it's monthly cash flow and said, yeah, I have enough in my monthly money to cash flow this.


I don't need to dip into savings. I didn't need to borrow any money and I used the cash that I had on hand. But there is also a cash flow that we would say in business sense and it's not much different. I would just say that in business sense, when we say cash flow, we're talking about the movement of money in and out of the business, right? So we're talking about that flow of money. It could be things like inventory or supplies or operating expenses or product sales. It's money flowing in and outta the business. And again, all of those things are things that we're paying for with the cash from the business. So, and it's happening over a period of time. And so it's still this idea that whatever it is that we're paying for, we're using cash for it.


Whether in a month's notice or over time with cash. So hopefully that provides clarity. I mean, obviously the best way to take control of your cash flow is to have a budget. And when you do that, you can see how much cash flow is at your disposal lot. So you could do that with EveryDollar if you don't already have it. Yes. It's a good, good thing to have. And I gotta tell you, anytime you can cashflow something, it just feels better than pulling it outta savings. Yeah. I know that savings is there and our, but I despise, I desp with, I'm with you. Soul hatred. Yes. Pulling money out of the big fund. The Emergency fund. I agree. I don't like it. It, it's not even, I try to cash flow everything. Yes. Yeah. Even something that is a legitimate emergency, I'm like, no.


Yeah. Oh yeah, Neva. Yeah. Yeah. I get it. All Right. That's how I got a free roof, by the way. Yeah. Tell us more. Ken Coleman. Well, the Got a free roof. Well, the short, short answer is had to, had to replace our roof. Not thrilled about it, But hit me with the free part. So I started thinking, I gotta get this situation. I don't wanna pull out of that. So I was like, so the guy comes up, wants, he wants to do the roof. I said, look, here's the deal. We're very connected to the neighborhood. You do a good job. I help you get business. Oh, how you feel about that? Oh, he says, tell me more. We talk. Then he says, All Right, I'll tell you what, I can get it to a point where it's just your deductible.


So I thought, okay, I like that. So he calls insurance up 'cause insurance had previously denied us. He gets on the phone with him, makes the case, that's great. The insurance says we'll cover it, then it's a deductible. So I go back to him and I go, how about you guys eat my deductible? I get the free roof. And in turn I promote your company in my neighborhood through some social and through some key people that I know. Yeah. He says, I'll do it. Holy Smokes. And guess what you, we've got him four different roofs. So I've, I've, I just thought, I don't wanna touch. Then I got aggressive. Like, so I went from you did you ca I don't wanna, it Made you come up with better ideas And I didn't wanna have any cash come out, so I like took my shot.


Well the worst he could say is no. Yeah. So guess what? He's now had four roofs that, that I'm aware of that came directly from us. Now he's in the neighborhood. Well, so I'm just saying Next on the list is you start taking a cut where There's a will, there's a way will commission. Yes, sure. Where there's a will. There's a way. There is. That's true. That is very true. And my, that's the point of the, forget the details of my story. You're exactly right. I started trying to get creative with how I wouldn't have to touch my emergency fund. Exactly. Because it came out, think you're exactly right. Came out the blue, like it was a problem we didn't know about. So now I'm like, come on man, Ken, good job. You know, that's all I can say. Fun stuff. Sean is on the line in Denver, Colorado. Sean, How can we help? How are you guys Doing? Well, sir, what's going on? Good, good.


So I, my question is, I I, my wife and I, we had a couple issues with the bank and our mortgage and our mortgage rate is actually increasing. Oh, to a point that it's, this is the second time it's increased and it's getting to a point that the monthly payments are getting a little steep. And So we do have a about 35 grand in savings. Not sure if that's usable in this case, but not quite sure what to do next. You Know, whether we, is this an adjustable rate? So it it, it actually started out as a 30 year fixed. We were at 3.8% and the bank called us a couple days before closing and said, Hey, we accidentally wrote up your loan documents for a, a stick-built home and you guys have a manufactured home, so we're gonna have to rewrite those.


So they did, and we had to sign again. And that was about a month's difference. So our rate went from 3.8 to, to four and a half. And then about a day before closing, they called and said, well, you know, our bank sells these mortgages and nobody wants to buy this one, so we're gonna have to drop you guys again. But they had a third solution. And my wife actually works for this particular bank and part of the employee benefits package is they help you get into a first home. Okay. Which sounds good. And so what they did is they said, okay, we'll go ahead and we'll get you guys a mortgage. We'll keep you at the four point half percent.


Okay. And in two years, or excuse me, in three years, you guys can go ahead and refinance with us. We'll keep your rate and we'll lock you in for 30 years. It'll be great. Okay. And so it's the end of those three years now and should have read the loan documents a little closer. They, they aren't going to keep the rate. It's actually going up. Oh man. 2%. Oh, man. So it had to lock in at whatever the rate is. Like is that the current rate? Yes. Yeah. Yes. Oh man. So I mean it's, we're still at the point that it's, it's, you know, affordable. Well, tell mes tell me numbers wise what It's gone, gone up.


It went from what to what? So we were paying 2,500 a month and now it'll be 3,500 a month. My guy. Wow, okay. Yeah. Yeah. You're Feeling that. So the bottom one, how would the 35, would the 35,000 even help you? 'cause you're gonna have to refi theoretically and can you Yeah. And so this, this was only good. What they did was they came back and said, Hey, you know, we, we did make a mistake in the beginning for you guys. So what we'll do is we'll only raise you 1% this year and then 2% next year, and we'll extend your loan for two Years. I tell em the pound that's like, that's, it's like I said, I made the mistake, so I'm only going to penalize you on my mistake this much.


But you're still gonna feel it. They're just spreading it. It's like, that's right. It's like spreading out your, your punishment's doing any favors. You get one whooping today and then you get one Whooping. Is there something with your House from now? Is there something with the type of house, because it's a manufactured house that that's why nobody wants these loans? I, I think so. Yeah, because they, you know, there's only one buyer for this bank that buys manufactured home loans and they ended up being, you know, they were full at the time. They couldn't take any more loans. So that's, that's what happened as well. Do you have any Equity in this house at all? You know, it, it looked like it. When I look at the estimate online, it says it's gone up about a hundred thousand from when we purchased it three Years ago. I i, if it was me, no, Jay, tell me if I'm being too aggressive here, but I'd get out of this house instead of keep messing with this.


He's, if it's true that he's only got one lender who will play ball with him, he's gonna keep getting jacked around here. I, Well, I have a couple questions at the end of this three year term, whether they do it all at once or over the three year, you get slapped a little bit each year. Is that the end and what you make? No. So, So we only have two more years and then we have to, that's it. The loans matured and we, we either need to refinance with them or with somebody else. I mean, preferably, do You love the house 25 seconds? The House? Do you love the house? Yes. Okay. Your choices are, you find a way to get a thousand dollars more in your income because you can't, if you don't do that, this is going to drain everything.


So if you don't find a way for you and your wife to bring in $500 a piece every month, that's sustainable. You can't keep this house 'cause Sell it. Yeah. I'm all for selling it, man and rent for a while and get yourself a house that doesn't have these kind of li limitations. Or maybe it's you paying off debt and freeing that up in monthly payments. Yeah. I, I, oof. This is The Ramsey Show.


Before you put down a ton of money on a new purchase, like a car or a home, you probably spend countless hours researching. You, read reviews online, make a list of everything you're looking for and compare prices to get the one that's right for you. But it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage. We know it's not always easy to find someone who cares more about you than making a buck. But you shouldn't trust just anyone to protect your biggest assets. That's why we've done the work of finding trusted pros for you. Whether you're looking for home and auto insurance or any other type of coverage, RAMSEY can help our RAMSEY trusted providers have all been vetted and coached to serve you like we would. I'm so confident in their quality service and coverage because I use them myself and recommend them to my team members. Find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance today. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is with me. And we're thrilled to have you. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5.


We get calls it feels like almost daily from people who are launching a side business. They want to make some more money, whether that to be pay for college, pay off debt, build up retirement, or it's just about living the dream and building a business and, and running that business effectively over the long haul is very, very difficult. And that's why we're very excited that Dave's got a brand new book out called Build a Business You Love. He's unpacking what it took to take this business from a card table to where it is now o over $250 million business. So it is the baby steps for running a business. That's the way Dave describes it. You could pre-order it now for 29 99 and you're gonna get over $350 in free bonus items just for purchasing it ahead of time. You get to pre-order it and it comes to you when it releases. You can pre-order today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or the link is in the show notes if you're on YouTube or podcast.


Alright. To the phones we go. Patricia is joining us now in Long Island, New York. Patricia, How can we help? Hi. Thank you. It's great to be talking to you. I actually just heard of Dave RAMSEY like six or eight weeks ago and I've been listening compulsively since then and a lot of it has resonated with me. Great. My, my deal is I went through a devastating divorce about 18 years ago. Left me financially stripped. I've worked hard since then. Put the kids through college on my own. And what's killing me now is the parent plus loans. Oh. I just paid off my car from having listened to Dave.


So thank you for all that advice from your area. And I only have one other debt, which is 2000. So these parent plus loans are about 87,000 and I'm already not a spring chicken, so the retirement years are scaring me to death. So I'd like a little direction. Okay. I'm curious about the kiddos that you helped out with these loans. What are they doing now? Well, my daughter is now in a, a good spot, but she just began so that's not, you know, the, they have their part of their loans and I have my part. Oh, Okay. So, so the 87 is your, is your deal just yours?


Yeah. Okay. All Right. I, I'm sorry, I I should have asked that right out of the gate. I sometimes I'm wondering if parents are paying everybody else's or just your, so, okay. Alright, so you've got the 87, what's your income? It's just under 70. Just under 70. Okay. And that's your, is that your only debt at this point? You mentioned you paid off the car, is this it, That and a $2,000 something? Yeah, these, these parent plus loans and then another 2000 loan. Another $2,000 loan. Okay. And that's just a personal loan? Yeah. Okay. Alright. And what do you have saved? Do you have anything saved?


Yes, I started a high yield savings account from you all's advice. Okay. I have a couple of IRAs. One is an IRA one is an IRRA, I have checking and savings. What's in your IRA come out and what's in your HYSA and The HYSA is five because I just started it 5K, The two ir, the two IRAs. Oh, I'm trying to look at all my papers here come out to about 40, 40,000. Okay. And anything else, any other money? Anywhere we should know about? Well, checking is about 45.


Saving is about two 90. When you say 45, you mean 4,500 or 40? Like tell me real. 4,545. I'm sorry. 45,000. 45,000 in checking. Yeah. Okay. Another Savings account is 21,000. Okay, good. And That's pretty much it. Okay. So the good news, what I'm really excited about, Patricia, is you've got money laying around, which we need. So if I'm, if I wrote everything down correctly, obviously the 40,000 that's in the IRAs, we can't touch that. But you've got 45,000 sitting here plus another 21,000. So that's given me 66,000 right there.


Yeah. That's the majority of these bills knocked out. And technically because you're in debt, I know you're not gonna like this, but because you're in debt that HYSA needs to go down to 1000 and we can take the other 4,000 and now suddenly you've paid off $70,000 of debt in one day. I Was afraid you gonna say that? Yeah, but here's the thing. Yeah. When you called in, you didn't say, my biggest problem is I'm scared to spend my savings. My biggest problem is I'm afraid that I won't be able to You said the biggest problem is these student loans and you, you're right. Those being around your neck is the biggest problem. So if you can knock those out, how old are you?


I'm 68. 68. If you can knock those out Yeah. And get them outta your, outta your hair. How much money a month does that free up in payments? High seven hundreds. Yeah. High seven hundreds. Yeah. Think how much you can, 56. You can live off that. You can invest some of that. Like that really does clear things up for you. Now then once we pay off this debt, now we have to look at, okay, like you said, long term, what's the retirement strategy? But a one is we've gotta get out of this debt because if we've got this kind of debt, who cares what the retirement strategy is. That's right. I know, I know. I've just been living and worry. Yeah. So I think that for so long, I think paying these off is going to be your best bet and it's gonna be painful.


But then we have to turn around and say, okay, what's your living situation? Are you a buyer? Are you a renter? What's going on there? I rent You rent. Okay. So your goals are to try to find stability in this situation. So right now the, the debt is causing instability. Probably being a renter is causing a level of instability. My guess is that when you retire, you'd probably wanna buy something and have that as a fixed number on your, you know, on your budget. So I think those are the big goals here. I think in your mind you have to go, okay, like I'm working, I'm working another six years or so and I am piling away as much cash as I possibly can to try to make that happen.


But first on the list as these student loans and you know, making sure that you and your kids are sticking to what you agreed to pay. 'cause are they sticking to their end of the bargain? Yeah, as far as I know, we don't talk about it much, but I think you do need to talk about it because what would be, are both of their names on it or just yours? Oh no, these are just parent plus loans for me. Okay. That's just my Name. Okay. Because if they don't pay theirs, then it's still affecting you. Right. And at that point it's like, well, what was the point of you even paying your part if they're not paying their part? Right. Well, there's a separate from mine. Oh, okay. I thought you were saying that they had agreed to pay part of the parent plus loans.


Oh, no, no. We, we split everything from the beginning. I see. They have their loans and I have mine. Oh, okay. I see. Well in that case, yeah, full speed ahead on paying off this 87,000, clearing your name on that, it's gonna free up so much more income in your month to month mental space. You're gonna have a lot more peace. And then you can really clear, see clearly and go, okay, what to do with this 40,000. The good news is it's tucked away. It's gonna continue to grow. It's not a lot of growth. But with that, with possible social security, you've got, you've got your work cut out for you, but at least you're making steps forward in a situation like this, there's always a measure of peace that can be acquired. So you're going from where you are now, you pay these loans off, you've got even more peace. You start figuring out long term what you want your living situation to be.


You've got even more peace. And so we're just taking it one piece at a time. Yeah. And there, and listen, Patricia, there will come a point where, and you gotta think about selling stuff, making extra money, and you go, okay, what is, what is, what can I do every month? Could I make a thousand dollars a month in additional money that would go towards the loan? Or is it 2000? You start to play with these numbers and at some point when you begin to deliver on this, you're gonna see the momentum and you will be able to get rid of this and which will give you a chance to retire with some dignity. So you're gonna have to be intense. Yeah. But this is actually very doable, but a lot of intensity over a short amount of time. We'll get you there. Yeah. I've tried, you know, the side hustles and other things.


You're you're, you're doing it, you're doing pulling it in. You're it You're take your car off. How, how expensive was that car loan you told us about? 17 K. Come on. So you're doing it. It's not like you don't have any track record here, so get your chin up, Patricia. All Right. No, I know I've, I've done a few things right. And I've never been one who I've depended on credit cards a lot. I don't like them. Good. You're a good lady. Good Mom. I've a few things right along the way. Hey, no shame in your game. I'm not kidding you. Shame will hold us back. Yeah, that's right. Breaking through stuff like this, so you're okay. No shame in this show at all for you. That's why we do this. This is The Ramsey Show.