(5s):
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today. Live from the Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by fellow Ramsey Personality, Jade Warshaw. And we're taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Don't be scared. Give us a call. It beats sending the dm. This is the way to get the help that you need. We are honored to take your calls. Yes. Sarah's gonna kick us off in Montreal. All Right. What's going on Sarah? Hi.

(45s):
Hi, Dave. How are you? Hi, it's George here. Sorry to disappoint. Is that okay? That's no problem. Okay. It's a common misconception. I'm so, it be nice if she wants to jump off now. I don't, you know, now we're happy to help Sarah. No, I'll stay on. So I, my question for you guys today is, how do I manage my husband's finances? He told me two weeks ago that he has a gambling addiction and how do I protect myself? Wow. Well, good on, good on him for letting you know that this is going on and good on him for understanding that this is the best route. So, in the past, did he have full control over everything? So is this completely new territory for you?

(1m 28s):
So it is. We both have separate bank accounts, and we've been together for 11 years. So I've been wanting to like, merge our finances a bit more together. But he was very reluctant. And now he has lost millions of dollars in the last 10 years. Lost millions as in, he had millions and then he lost it. So he has, is he in debt Because of this? No. So a bit of both. He, he has an annual revenue of 1.3 million. He, he's a specialist, so he makes good money. He and I calculated, he owes about 1.1 million that I have to pay, or he has to pay in the next year or so in order to make sure that we don't get into trouble.

(2m 18s):
So he is in debt to it. Are they people or are they like reputable? No, No. Loan. Loan. So it is passed due taxes. Okay. Provisional taxes, A mortgage line of credit, which I thought her house was paid and he hasn't paid the mortgage line of credit. Okay. And it also has the personal line of credit. So how much is tax? Break it down. How much of the 1.1 is taxes. Okay. How much is the HELOC and how much is personal loans? Okay, so the due taxes for 2024 is 64,000. Okay. Provisional taxes for the upcoming year, because we have to pay provisional taxes.

(2m 59s):
So that's $550,000. Okay. The mortgage line of credit is 438,000. Okay. And the personal line of credit is 1 25. Oh boy. Oh boy. And this has been going on over a decade. Yeah, and he just told me that two weeks ago because he was like, I took over fully his finances and he had like maybe a thousand dollars left in his bank account and everything was maxed. So he needed help at this point. What Level of surprise were you? Because I mean, a decade of, I mean, obviously this guy's got a crazy yearly income, but to look up and say, Hey, by the way, I have 1.1 million of debt.

(3m 40s):
Did you suspect that or was this a complete shock? No. Tell, tell us about you. So I've been doing really well for myself and financially I've grown my network quite drastically in the last five years. So we were both, I was so transparent telling him how much money I was putting away, and I thought he was on the same train as I was. Yeah. So I was like totally, totally shocked. And I think I'm still under the shock because this has affected me also, even though our finances are not together, because our plans were to buy a house in Florida. Our plans were to do, like, I thought, I thought we were doing really well financially because I was doing really well.

(4m 23s):
And he was telling me he was investing too. Is he in therapy? So Yes. So we started couples therapy. I'm doing my own therapy. He's doing therapy also for his gambling a addiction. Good, Good. On the financial side. But what, what joint accounts do you guys still have? Is your name on anything that's tied to him right now? No, It's never been. I, we've always, so he gave me full control. That's his finances. So what does that mean? So I'm getting all his, he has no more access to his bank accounts. He has a visa that we decided that we're going to keep open for, like groceries and gas. Is That a credit card or a debit card?

(5m 4s):
Credit card. Credit card. Okay. There's a problem. Does Not have his debit card. He does not have his debit card because he was gambling online with the debit card. I guess on the sites you can't purchase, you can't purchase with the visa Yeah. For gambling. So can we get him a new debit card? Debit card? We could. I Think that's the Right move here. Because you still have given him unfettered access to a, a line of credit with this credit card. Okay. Card. So right now we need to put as many guardrails as possible in front of him. And that also means freezing his credit so that he cannot take out another loan even if he wanted to. Okay. Card. So you can contact bureaus that, I don't know how it works in Canada, in America, we have three credit bureaus and you can go online and freeze your credit with all three of them.

(5m 50s):
And that way nobody could open a line of credit in his name, including himself. You'd have to jump through some hoops just to unlock that. Okay. Is he still making this income? You said revenue? I, I think of that as differently than profit. So is that income or does he have a business? And that's his revenue. So he has, he's incorporated, so this is like his incorporated. So he, every, every month it's about a hundred thousand dollars, but we have to pay taxes on that. Got you. Okay. Got it. So It is like a business, he's like a contractor consultant type guy. Exactly. Okay. And Do you have now in place, clearly there was not a, a plan in place to pay taxes on what he was earning.

(6m 33s):
Do you have that plan in place now? Do you understand what you need to do? Is he setting aside quarterly return? I mean, here it would be quarterly returns. Exactly. I'm not sure what It is there. It's the same here. So it is the same here. So I've only took over like two weeks ago, three weeks ago. So I have like about $90,000 in his account right now. So I, I was thinking about how do I, how do I decide what to pay first? Definitely I wanna pay the taxes that are due. Yeah. I I I would start, if you were here in the states, I would always tell you to do taxes first. What's the difference between, tell me, what are you saying between taxes and provisional taxes? One's payroll one's what?

(7m 14s):
So due taxes would be like, he's, he, he owes that from 2024. Provisional taxes is you need to pay taxes for next year because since it's such a high amount, you have to pay one year in advance in order for the government to make sure that you don't get backed up and got it happen. I imagine The backed up taxes are the more important ones. Yeah. Do the old ones first and then once you clear those, then yeah, start doing the prep for the next year and then I would go, yeah, do it in order. Like the debt snowball, personal loans first, smallest to largest. I imagine they're broken up in little pieces and then Yeah, I'm attacking that HELOC last, how much is your home worth?

(7m 55s):
Our home is worth 1.5. 1.5, Okay. And he has a mortgage? Yeah, he has a mortgage line of credit of 438,000, which I thought was paid because the deal was that when we moved in together, since he had such a high revenue, he was purchasing the house income, I should say he was purchasing the house. And then I would get, after 10 years, my name would be on it because it would be paid off, but it's not paid off. Oh Man. Sarah, there's so much beneath this. All of the lies, the deceit, a decade of this misbehavior. I hope you guys work through it. I hope you clean up the debt. I hope this marriage has hope. Thanks for trusting us for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.

(9m 1s):
As an investor and a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news. Timothy Plan offers investments for people who want to be intentional about where their money goes. As the pioneering force and biblically responsible investing, Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by four side fund services. LLC.

(10m 19s):
Michael's up next in San Jose. What's going on Michael? I'm doing very well. How are you? Great. How can we help today? So my father passed a few months ago. Oh, so sorry. The thing is, Thank you. And the thing is, he left everything to me. His house, his investments, his business. He, he didn't give anything to my sisters who, who, who are estranged and with our mother ever since my parents divorced and my sisters are ha like they have asked me to help pay their student loans because my father left them with nothing.

(10m 59s):
How much was it Combined? I believe they went to both undergrad and grad. So it was combined. It's about 300,000. No. How much was the Yes, Thank you for telling me that. But how much was the inheritance? It's, it's a couple million. It's basically his house, his investment, and his business. When you say a couple million, is that like 2 million or is that like 6 million? It's in the eight figures. Okay. Okay. So we're talking 10 million plus? Yes. Okay. Wow. Okay. So he purposefully did not leave any money to your sisters because he had no relationship with them and that was his call to make Are are they misbehaviors Basically?

(11m 46s):
He didn't, no, they basically, he basically cut them off because they sided with our mother during their divorce. Oh, okay. So they're team mom, you are team dad. And he goes, Hey, I'm gonna leave it all to my son who's been loyal to me. Yes. Okay. And now they're resentful because they feel like they deserve a portion of this money. It seems like it, yes. Okay. I think this is more relational, emotional than It is financial. You could write them a check and pay off the loans, but I don't know that you agree with the principle behind it or that that would've been your father's heart. Well, yeah. What do you wanna do? What's, what's your heart lean towards?

(12m 26s):
I don't want to disrespect my father in any way. Okay. Do you have a relationship with your sisters or is it estranged as well? It's estranged. Okay. So they've only come to me only for very unique cases or like, or when they were going to college or, or grad. They came to both my father and I for money. My father re, I know I was there, my father refused to pay for them and that's why they have the debt to begin with. So it's been transactional, this entire relationship. But can I ask, 'cause here where I'm sitting and you've given us, Thank you for sharing what you've shared so far. What I'm trying to weigh, and George, I don't, I don't know how you're looking at this either, but I'm trying to weigh if this was a decision that was made out of dysfunction, which is I'm forcing you to choose sides and you guys are children, so you're choosing whatever, I don't know the parent you like the most that day, you know, that sort of thing.

(13m 24s):
And is this your father, mother, you know, having an kind of just an immature moment, right. Or is this really a reason that is with good reasoning behind it of, hey, I cut them off because they were misbehaving in this way and they made these poor choices. Or is it literally just simply, I don't like your mother anymore and they like her, you're dead to me. So my mother had an affair. That's why they divorced. My sister said it with my mother because they like the affair partner more. And I said it with my father because he was my father. Got you.

(14m 4s):
Okay. So you can't see how they would stand by someone who would do such a thing basically. Yes. I understand. Okay. I think you're gonna be resentful if you give this money. And I'd rather them be resentful towards you than you be resentful towards them. Okay. There's no easy answer here. They're gonna hate you, but it sounds like they didn't like you to begin with. They just used you for transactional moments. And so I don't think this is gonna change anything. If you say, that wasn't my father's wishes. I'm sorry. Listen, I got more to, I I feel more to it than that. How, how, how old were you guys when this happened? I was 17.

(14m 44s):
My sisters were 15 and 13. That's interesting to me. I listen, I don't think there's a wrong or right to this. I really don't. It feels very extreme to me that I, I'm just, I'm not saying I'm right, I'm just telling you my thoughts. It feels extreme to me that a parent would put children in a situation where they have to choose and because some, something about the situation made you guys feel like you had to choose. Right. And not Really. I mean, the thing is, I did not know about my parents' affair. Apparently my sisters did And they said nothing.

(15m 25s):
And Yeah, they said nothing. And which Is not on your, that's not on your the daughters, it's on the parent to, to not put them in the position to keep that secret. Like kids are kids, teenagers, they're kids. A 15-year-old doesn't have the emotional bandwidth to navigate that. Yeah. And probably thinks, oh, I'm gonna be disloyal. Like they kids don't understand what role to play in that. Now looking back on adults, we can look back and go, maybe I should have done this. Maybe I shouldn't. Who knows if they've done the right therapy to work through those things. I, I just feel that on a surface level to punish the children for a, a spousal misbehavior because the children didn't react in the way that the adults felt should have happened.

(16m 8s):
I, I do struggle with that. I'm not saying you're wrong, I'm just telling you called in. So I'm saying I do have a little bit of a struggle with that. It, it's not an error on your part. It feels like an error on the dad for saying, I'll I'll show you. And kind of putting a lot of that sting and unforgiveness for what mom did on the kids. That's, I'm no, I'm no therapist. So that's just my 2 cents. This is tough. I'm not gonna lie. Yeah. So yeah. So my father, he suffered very greatly from the divorce, very emotionally. I was, I know because I was there. Sure. Yeah. Rightfully so. He dipped into the alcohol. He dipped into alcohol for a while, but he owe himself back up, you know, and he showered me with love and attention because I was the only one that he had.

(16m 54s):
And I don't want to in any way disrespect his wishes. I think he had a purpose to when he wrote his will and he never changed it. I think he had a purpose to when he refused my sisters for his college, for the college and, and that's only a drop in the bucket. There have been numerous instances where I know that my father has re tried to reach out, especially when my sisters had their kids. He was, and they didn't want anything to do with him. So, can I ask this question? Did they, okay. He wrote them off because they followed mom. Did they then write him off because he wrote them off?

(17m 37s):
Was it, do you see what I'm saying? Who wrote whom off first? My sisters. Definitely. And what was their reason for writing him off if he was completely an innocent party in all of this? I don't know. That's the part I'm trying to understand. It's one thing for them to be like, we still like mom. Like we don't want this. You know? And for whatever their reasons were, they continue to have a relationship with her. But what would make them completely disassociate from dear old innocent dad who did nothing wrong but love them. It was basically, from what I understand, the affair partner was very charismatic. He bought them a lot of stuff. And this was back when my father's business wasn't successful.

(18m 17s):
Okay. Okay. So I so, so much to say. He, he probably bought their love and affection. Got it. Yeah. Got it. So it was a materialistic relationship here. Here's my final take on this. Again, not trying to play armchair therapist, but I think this, you're not ready to forgive your sisters and, and cause reconciliation and giving them this money feels like you're taking that next step. Is that accurate? It, I know that it, the thing is that I want the old grudges to die. Hmm. At the same time, I want to respect my father's wishes. And because my father was a God-fearing man, he was very devout.

(19m 1s):
And I know that forgiveness is in the Bible, but I don't know, like I'm, you're right. I am not ready to forgive him for the pain that they caused my father. Neither my mother, neither my sisters. That's it. You just said it out loud. You're not ready to forgive. You're not ready. Don't forgive yet. But I think you should eventually, and my final take is I do think that him cutting them off was a little bit of dysfunction on his part. And I don't think that they necessarily deserved that. It doesn't sound like I wasn't there, but based on what you said, I don't know if I'd wanna keep that dysfunction going. Yeah. And I want you to be giving out of joy. That's how giving should be done. Yes. Not out of, oh, I just hate to be doing this with a clenched fist.

(19m 42s):
So I'd read that bible again and see if all that grace and mercy talk might eventually heal some of this relational dysfunction. So sorry man.

(20m 8s):
Hey, this is Dr. John Delony for Churchill Mortgage. Good friends. I have bought multiple homes with Churchill Mortgage because they always shoot straight with me. They tell me the truth. So let me shoot straight with you. When you're getting ready to buy a home, the first step is not house hunting. It's making a plan. Don't settle for tapping a button and just talking to a bot. I want to encourage you to sit down with a guide. You can trust my friends at Churchill Mortgage. They actually see you. They actually care about you and they'll listen and learn your goals. And most importantly, they will tell you the truth. Churchill has lone experts who focus on you and your unique situation. So your journey ends with a home. That's a blessing, not a burden. Churchill Mortgage can even help you become a certified home buyer so that when the time is right and you find the right house, you are ready to make your move. I know the housing market is tough right now. I know, but you probably have more options than you think. Churchill would love to help you figure them out and they'll do it with honesty and integrity. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 N mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.

(21m 40s):
This is The Ramsey Show. Jennifer is up next in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Jennifer, welcome to the show. Hi. Thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. Okay. I am a saver. I'm frugal and I've been saving many years. I'm on step seven of Dave's Ramsey's plan. Awesome. No credit card debt. I own my home 25%. 401k, 5 29, et cetera, et cetera. Wow. Incredible. Okay. I have been doubt a family problem blow. I have children and just recently my beautiful child has been diagnosed with schizophrenia.

(22m 23s):
Mm. So I, my question is, how should I shift my savings goal with my child's new diagnosis? Because everything I've done is for them and I, I'm kind of stumped and I'm actually, you know, not sure what to do. Is this So the financial side of this, first off, I'm sorry, that's gotta be really tough to I know. Deal with. What does that mean care wise? Is it something that, there's a lot of appointments, a lot of therapy, and you're hitting your, you know, out-of-pocket max every year. What does that look like? This is a recent, this is very, very recent.

(23m 6s):
Has had hospitalizations, but yes, the medical bills are coming in, but he's 21 and obviously at 26 I can't keep him on my healthcare plan. I'm actually building a case for a possible, what is it? Social security? I don't know. It's really hard to do, but I, I don't know how to plan for this. I mean, obviously you plan for your kids to do well emotionally, financially, financially. And this has been a stu and he's not doing well on medication. He has something called akathisia, which is the side effect that is actually as worse as the problem.

(23m 52s):
Oh, right. Tasting and internal internal cure. Okay. So I, you know, he's not stabilized yet, but it, it doesn't matter. I mean the bills are gonna come and I don't mind paying, you know, the deductibles. But I need to know what do I do? Oh boy. This Is, I mean, at work, I'm not a millionaire. I'm not nothing like that. I Go To work day. How much money do you have in savings right now? I don't have, I I Are you talking 401k? No, just like a savings account. How much liquid money could you have access to without tapping retirement? Well, I've been saving for my kids myself, probably about 20.

(24m 35s):
Okay. So $20,000. And, and what has the medical care medical care been so far? What's that cost? Oh, Has it been 5,000 a month? No, 500 a month? No, we right now we have pretty decent healthcare. It's What kind of healthcare plan is It, is it a high deductible healthcare plan? No, it's a plan that will be discontinued soon And we will have to go on my plan, but I, I probably paid between ambulance and all that. At least a couple thousand in the last maybe six months.

(25m 16s):
Okay. So let's just say for ballpark numbers that this is going to cost a thousand dollars a month and every single month out of each paycheck you put a thousand bucks away. Could you do that? No, I don't think so. I mean, I would have to adjust my 25%. Yeah. Let's say we had to adjust it down to 15 or 20 right now. Would that give you the wiggle room? Okay. I think it would give you some great peace of mind. Yeah, I think so. To have this, we call it aing Phone. I hope I don't have to do a thousand a month. That's, I hope so too. Healthcare have a maximum deductible. Exactly. So what is the out-of-pocket maximum? I don't know. It's, it's gonna be shifted towards me soon and I have a high deductible plan, but not yet.

(26m 2s):
Then You likely have, will have access to an HSAA health savings account with that high deductible plan. I do. Good. I do and I max it out. Wonderful. When, When he, when he comes to my plan, I'll have to max it out. But my fear is at 26, you know, Well that's five years down the road, let's get through tomorrow and then we'll worry about what happens five years from now and figure out what care looks like. You'll have a real clear picture at that point. 'cause this is still pretty new. Okay. So I would personally just try to focus on what's going on this week, this month, this year. Okay. And that'll give you some peace. Instead of going, well five years from now, what's gonna happen? That's gonna just create unneeded anxiety.

(26m 43s):
Yeah. And That it gives you plenty of time, like you said, to continue to apply for his SSDI or whatever is available to him, you know, for income. And then you can start to look down the track and say, okay, what does healthcare look like for someone who can't take care of themself? They're an adult and they've got these mental challenges. So that gives you some time to kind of sit with some real experts in that insurance space. 'cause I don't feel like I would be able to tell you exactly what the best move would be for that. Okay. Six years from now. So you're saying like for now, just to shift my contributions and put it more into a savings? Yes, I would have a bigger cash cushion because we just don't know what if there's a treatment that costs $20,000 upfront and that's what the way you decide to go.

(27m 31s):
I wanna make sure that you have money to do all this. You never go into debt for this. You never have medical debt. It's one of the leading causes of bankruptcy. And so having good health insurance, knowing your out-of-pocket max, maxing out your health savings account if you have one, that's a great use of that HSA because the money goes in tax free, it's growing tax free and you can withdraw it tax free for those qualified medical expenses. Okay. So those, those are the pieces I would do is figure out the, out-of-pocket max, figure out what that next move is for the insurance. Figure out what that looks like to max out your HSA every month or every year and then begin developing a plan. Are you on a, on an EveryDollar budget right now? No.

(28m 11s):
No. I i trust me, I I live frugally but not to a point. I have No credit that the budget at this point, My kids, I'm the EveryDollar budget. I'm gonna gift it to you to check out. You've been so frugal. But right now there still feels like there's a lot that's just kind of floating around out there. And this budget will just give you a very clear picture of what your next month looks like. How much money you will have left over to put toward the medical savings goals. How much money you have to give to spend, what are your bills adding up to. That'll just put some actual facts on paper. 'cause right now there's a lot of emotion and I found that focusing on the facts helps me kind of get out of that cycle. I have one more question related to him.

(28m 54s):
I as a parent did the 5 29 for him. One of my child has used it and he has a decent amount in his 5 29. And he'll, as far as I know, I don't think he'll ever touch it. It's in my name and his name. I mean, is that like my little emergency thing for this? I, I I wouldn use it for the medical costs. I know It is 5 29. There are some new stipulations where you can roll it over. Well It's 5,000. Okay. You can roll over up to 35,000 with the new secure 2.0 act. There are some stipulations about how long the account has to be open for, but that could be a good way to use those funds later on down the road if they're not used for college.

(29m 37s):
But I, I wouldn't contribute more to it right now, but I also wouldn't touch it. Okay. I would just use the HSA and any savings that you have. Alright, I will do that. Oh, Jennifer, I'm so sorry you're going through this. You're, you're an amazing mother and you've done a great job following the plan and it's for a time such as this. The reason we follow the Ramsey plan is because we don't know what life's gonna throw our way. And you've set yourself up to where you can actually breathe and cover these costs without exacerbating the problem going into debt and causing financial stress. So I'm really proud of you. Hang on the line. We're gonna gift you EveryDollar premium to walk with you as you attempt to cover all these medical costs that are coming your way.

(30m 19s):
Wow. And we're wishing them the best. I Know, I know. That's so tough. So, so tough. Whew. Wow. Good reminder for everyone out there. We we're, a lot of lingo was thrown around. That's right. About health insurance and what's the out-of-pocket max. But there's so much to know when it comes to insurance and it's not to be nerdy and you don't have to be an insurance nerd, it's because it affects your real life. Yeah. And you said it's, you know, medical debt and all that. Number one cause of bankruptcy not being prepared for those things. So yeah.

(30m 45s):
So if you guys wanna learn more, you can Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance. We've got a great hub there that can help you understand all of this stuff. Not because you need to nerd out, but again, because this helps you live out the Ramsey plan with less stress, less headaches, less. Oh my gosh, I didn't know. We want you to be very aware. Financial literacy is available if you just reach out and grab it. So Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance is the place to go

(31m 28s):
These days. Business as usual is anything but tariffs make trade policy a moving target. Supply chains are squeezed and cash flow is probably tighter than ever. So if your business can't adapt in real time, you're in a world of hurt. That's why you need NetSuite by Oracle. Trusted by more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions. You need to see what's happening, what's stuck, and what's costing you and how to fix it. And NetSuite is the number one cloud-based business management suite because it helps your business make the right decisions fast. It brings accounting, financial management, inventory and HR into one place so you're not left shuffling a dozen different spreadsheets that gives you the visibility you need to make quick decisions based on actionable data. And NetSuite AI automates everyday tasks so your team can focus on strategy. It's one system for full control and no guesswork to tame the chaos. And right now, if you're leading a business doing more than a million dollars in annual revenue, download NetSuite's free ebook, navigating global trade. Three insights for leaders at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.

(33m 2s):
If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck, you're wondering where your money's going. Your first step is getting on a budget and our team is hosting free budgeting trainings this month where you're gonna learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget using EveryDollar. Plus you can get our, your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a with our team. So don't miss it. Spots are limited. Sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.

(33m 26s):
Chris is up next in Atlanta. What's going on Chris? Hey sir, how are you? Good. What's going on? Not much sir. Thank you for taking my call. First of all, just wanted to run something by you. I've got about $20,000 in in debt that it's four, about four different accounts that it's interest free for between 36 and 48 months. I've got 36 in my emergency account and just my wife's not a big fan of, you know, cutting a check just to pay it off. You know, we've got the cash, but just wanted to see, you know, your guys' opinion on whether to keep that and just pay it off so the interest doesn't accrue or you know, or keep making those payments.

(34m 11s):
I mean, you know what we're gonna say, we're gonna tell you to pay it off, you know, instantly. But the problem is not that it's you doing something without the, the onboarding with your wife. Like, you guys gotta be on the same page. So I I wouldn't suggest you just go do a thing without you both being on the same page. Right. What's her problem? I mean, I'm, yeah, I've been listening to you guys a lot longer than, you know, than she doesn't listen to you guys at all. But, you know, I've really got on board with y'all's plan and just again, seeing what you guys, you know, had to think about that. Well yeah, I mean, Like I said, we're gonna tell you to pay it off. My question is, you're Asking me how to get her on board? Yeah, Well no, I mean just, well I think I can just, I just need to take a plan to her.

(34m 55s):
We, Like I said, we have the cash to pay it off and I don't think she needs a plan. I think she needs a good reason for 48 months. What, what is, what's beneath all this? I don't think she needs a fancy plan. She needs a, a good reason to pay this off. And right now she's not really feeling the financial pain. Have you been shouldering a lot of the financial stress in the household and she's unaware or does she just think she can outsmart this financial system and do it another way? I don't really think she knows you guys' plan. You know, like the, the money is there, you know, I, I'm the breadwinner. She just works part-time and takes care of our two kids and I, I about $150,000 a year income and you know, I've got a 401k through my job, maxed out hers and mine mine's ira and I've got a brokerage account and That's about, that's why she doesn't feel it.

(35m 43s):
I think we're, we're ship's passing in the night. So what we're saying is there's a plan, we can give you the plan, you've been listening, you've started to kind of figure out what that plan is, but the plan means nothing if you don't have a reason to do it and you're saying, hey, in my mind I've kind of figured out a reason to do this. It just for you, based off what you've said, it just kind of feels silly to keep that debt around so you're, that's a good enough reason for you to pay it off. Right. Some people need a little bit of a deeper reason in order to feel the uncomfortability that you're talking about. Right. So they need something to kind of cling to, to go, Hey, I'm doing this for my family or I'm doing this because junior's gonna be going off to college and I wanna make sure we have the money to pay for that.

(36m 23s):
Or I'm doing this because I grew up poor and I never want to feel that feeling again. Like people need something to kind of cling to like, like a buoy in the water. So what do you think that that would be for your wife? Because what you painted is kind of like the most dangerous position in, in America where you make 150,000, you make enough to kind of keep the bills floating in the air without it really hurting too much. Not cramping your lifestyle. It's not cramping your lifestyle until something happens. Right. And that's when they call us, when somebody loses a job or when you know something it rains, it pours. Right. Right. So she hasn't felt the need to Go to, you know, such extremes. And I'm putting extremes in quotes.

(37m 3s):
So you've gotta figure out a deeper why that you could get her to get on board with this without a, a financial crisis happening. Yeah, yeah. I understand totally what y'all are saying. I think, you know, we have 30, 35, 30 6,000 in our emergency fund fully funded in six months and you know, got the investments I told you guys about, you know, putting 20 grand towards it, you know, to pay off these debts. Four different accounts that, that our interest free. Her argument is that she wants to, you know, just keep paying those payments every month that are interest free before the interest accrues. And I want to just get rid of the debt and you know, we have about $15,000 left, you know, after. Yeah, It is.

(37m 45s):
So she wants to take it right up to the edge and then pay it off in a lump sum. Yeah. She's just scared about, you know, just stroking that $20,000 check to get all of 'em paid for. And What, what is scary about that to her? Have you dug into that? Just the, you know, just writing that big a check when we can just make bank. But it's Not just that, it's not just that there's something that's causing her, and that's the deeper question. This is The security gland is flaring up, so now your job is to position this debt as a threat to her security. If you can do that, we win this argument. Do you go, Hey, I owing other people money puts us at big risk. Here's all the interest we're gonna owe. Here's what could happen if we miss a payment. This is designed to screw us And we fell for the trap.

(38m 25s):
And truthfully this is a symptom of a bigger problem. We've been floating through life making amazing money And we haven't been on the same page. This is our chance for a fresh start. Are you with me? That's a different conversation. You can even take it to the next level. 'cause if I'm in your situation, if I, if I'm you Chris, I'm thinking who's the breadwinner you are, right? You said she works part-time, Right? So I'm thinking, oh gosh, if I were to, you know, get hurt or be laid off or lose my job tomorrow, yeah we have 36,000 saved, but we have payments on $20,000 of debt. So we're gonna go through that savings lickety split because not only do we have to do the things that just all our, our basic budget, but now we have to pay these bills too.

(39m 8s):
I don't like the feeling of that. And I wanna be in a safer position because as the man of the house, you know that those are the things that I'd be thinking. So your homework, Chris, I think is to get down beyond the math into a more emotional like granular level. Granular level on what you feel about this. That way you can talk to her that way, which will probably cause her to start talking that way. But if for you it stays surface on we just gotta pay this off. I mean I know we got this money in this count and this money in this count, but I mean it makes sense to pay this off. It's just not enough to get her excited about that. Money's very emotional. Yes, It is. It is very, yeah. Very. Yeah, very.

(39m 48s):
I've gotten a little less emotional about it with, you know, listen to you guys and just get it and just getting it done. Yeah. Like I said, she And that's your personality type, you guys, I love that. That's the personality type that kills it on the baby steps because they go, what is the plan? Ready hut, you know, and they just bowl through. I'm, why am I getting sports analogies? I love it. They're like pumped. They're like going through the end zone on it, right? And other people are like, oh my gosh, you want me to change my lifestyle but this is what I'm used to and I feel great when I see that money in the account. And I feel good like that because when I was a kid I always felt unsere about money. So when I see that number that right. So you gotta get on her, on her emotional level on and show Her, hey look, we're gonna get rid of these payments and we're gonna restock the emergency fund in this amount of time.

(40m 29s):
Yeah. Give her some facts. So by the time that debt was gonna be paid, if you took it to the edge, you could have been right back where you are except now you got no payments. No payments. Yeah. Because anything other than that I just have my mortgage. Exactly. Yeah. And question, is she working part-time because she wants to or because she has to Just, she wants to, she does hair and you know, she is, she had a career, she got laid off during COVID and you know, but kept a good clientele. So she, That could be a reason for that security gland clearing Up and, and, and listen, put a little sugar on top. Like I'm the type, tell me what I'm gonna get in the end. Like if we say you Gotta dangle the carrot. Yeah. If we say, Hey, trust me, let's, let's pay this debt off.

(41m 9s):
We'll stack back up the three to six months and then like, yeah, let's go on a cruise. Like let's do something to celebrate this wonderful thing we did to get our, you know, family on good financial footing. Like put a little something on it so that it feels like a reward. Not just a financial reward in having paid off the debt, but a reward in that hey, we now see, you know, the, the fruit of our labor here And we get to celebrate that in a, in a big way. Yeah. So make sure sure it's not just all work and no play is not fun is what I'm saying. Yeah. I mean, so basically, but taking it back to her, you know, the, obviously there's no way, you know, in your guys' eyes that, you know, I keep this debt even though it's interest free every month for another 36 months Because it's still, it's not just about the interest, it's still risk.

(41m 53s):
'cause remember the, the picture I painted Chris, it, if you lose your job, it doesn't matter that it's interest free, it's still $20,000 that you owe and have to make a payment on. Right? It's not about where you're at today. It's what could be. And she knows that very well after getting laid off during COD. So the, the key underneath all of this is get to the emotion underneath and then cast a vision instead of focusing on the transaction. That's not gonna get anyone excited. But if you can start casting a vision about where you guys want to be and the fact you leading first saying, man, I have not done a great job leading our family when it comes to this area. I want to do better. And here's what that looks like. Ooh, well you go with Me. That's Great George. Now this is romantic, now you're taking her somewhere.

(42m 49s):
What's up guys? It's Jade. And let me tell you, when my husband and I had $280,000 of student loan debt, we were not sitting around waiting on the government to bail us out. We did the hard work to pay it off ourselves. So if you are still holding out hope that forgiveness is coming. That's like you waiting for your landlord to start paying your rent. It ain't gonna happen. If you really want those student loans gone, you need a plan. And for some of you refinancing might be part of the plan. So I recommend Laurel Road. With Laurel Road. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can set up 30 minutes to talk to a real actual human being to find out if refinancing is right for you. Ramsey's advice is clear, get out of debt as fast as possible and a lower rate or a shorter term can make that possible. Laurel Road has low competitive rates and they even offer interest rate discounts. So stop waiting on the maybes and the some days and start taking action today. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash Ramsey to get a free rate, quote or schedule a free 30 minute consultation. That's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY

(44m 14s):
From the Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell here with Jade Warshaw and we're taking your calls at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Clay has decided to join us from Tampa, Florida. What's going on Clay? Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call. I appreciate it. Sure. So I've got a financial, I'm gonna call it an opportunity and I think that the financial advantages are incredible, but there's an emotional aspect to this that I'd love for you guys to weigh in on and kind of give your advice on. Sure. So I'll, I'll try to be as brief as I can. So I, I'm 27 years old, I just got engaged this last weekend, so soon to be married next year.

(44m 56s):
Cool. Congrats. So soon to be married next year. And obviously we wanna start a family, you know, sooner rather than later. That's in the, that's in the short term plan. I was gifted my property, it was deeded over to me by my grandfather. So I live in a home on 12 acres. Very blessed to have that. So when I moved in the home, it's old, it was in 1953 even with just me living there before I even met my girlfriend and needed work. So I had to take out a mortgage, you know, I cast out the equity. So I do have a mortgage and basically I remodeled gut the entire home. New electric, new plumbing, new septic, new. Well, I mean everything. So I owe two 30 on the property. That's not a problem with my income. The, the, the, the money's not an issue. Here's my question with my family coming in and you know, and, and then putting them first.

(45m 40s):
Now the house is still too small where if we're gonna have the size family we want, I would have to take out another mortgage to kind of add on and get it to where it needs to be to, you know, sue the family. But I could also sell the property in the market right now in Florida and the home in 12 acres, I think It is worth around 900,000 holy smoke. So I could walk off, I could walk off with, you know, I mean yeah 600 and you know, $73,000 and then after taxes I can go buy a home that's big enough and new in cash, which obviously I think is a great decision for my family. Here's the, here's the caveat in that this has been in my family for five generations.

(46m 21s):
My family, we all live on the same property. I've got my own 12 acres. My sister and her family live right next to me on their 10 acres. That was off gifted to them. My parents live on three and my grandparents live on three. Okay. And then we, we have like a small cattle operation that runs all across all of our properties. It's more of a hobby. We don't do it to make a lot of money. So by selling, obviously I'd be the first guy in five generations to do that. And you know, It is, It is family land. So I'm sure that there would be definitely be some disappointment there. Well, Can you sell it to your family? Do you have to sell it to Joe Blow or can you just sell it to one of your existing family members? Would they be interested Unfor? Yeah, unfortunately I can't. So there's a lot going on there. There's, so there's, there's, there's more going on. I mean, without diving into it, there's a divorce happening.

(47m 2s):
So there's a bunch of stuff that's kind of led up to this now and basically in my mind. So I may have an opportunity to sell it to my neighbor and if I can do that, I think he would allow, 'cause he's, 'cause he is friends with the family, he'd allow the cattle and everything to kind of stay there. That would be the best case. But you know, that's also not a guarantee that it can happen. So really in my head I'm just weighing, do I want to owe $400,000 on this property to get my house to where I need it to be or I mean sell it, walk off. We know it's not worth investing into this property. It's not going to ROI for you. So it's a bad financial decision and that at that point it's just an emotional one to not upset family. Right. Is it, I feel like you're very far in the future as it pertains to what the house will need.

(47m 46s):
How many bedrooms does the hou house have now? Well, so technically it's a three one, but really it's a two one. I mean, I, I, I'd have to put a door on the other one. Okay. But so technically it's a three bed one back. So you'd be okay with your first kid in there and you'd be okay with the second kid. 'cause when I was a kid we grew up And we shared bedrooms at least, you know? Right. And You still need to get married and then have the baby get permit. That's another nine months at least. Unless you found a hack for that. Ooh. And so, you know, we've got a few years to at least make this decision. Sure. And if you said the two 30 mortgage is not a problem, I mean you didn't tell us what your income is. So I mean, some of it's bonus based. My base is 90, but I can make 75% of that on a bonus. So high end, I'm making 155.

(48m 27s):
Great. And no other debt For the, I just owe 30,000 on a truck. That's It. So my goal, if I were in your shoes, if you were like, Hey man, I I wanna keep this land, it's five generations deep. The the house is not perfect, but I could see a path to get it there. My goal would be how quickly can I pay off this $230,000 mortgage so that in three years when we have two kids that are kind of like starting to bust at the seams, we can be saving up for an addition and do another, add another room to this house. That's what I'd be saying if I wanted to keep the property right now you did say, hey, I, I could sell it and walk away with maybe 600 grand and I'd say that's great, but Florida markets are wild, so you might wanna double check on what you can get that's much bigger than what you have now for 600,000.

(49m 16s):
'cause it it, it's different out there. Yeah. I mean, so we have looked into that a little bit. I mean they're doing a lot of new bills. I mean obviously you guys know everyone's moving to Florida, so there's a lot of new construction neighborhoods. Well, yeah, there are, but here's the thing, a lot of people are moving out too. It's not like, yeah, it's not like it was a couple of years ago. They're actually seeing houses sit on the market longer in Florida, especially south Florida. But you guys I guess are north. Sure. But yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's a little different in South Florida and in, in the state of Florida right now. But anyway, yeah, I mean the only other things that are kind of weighing into this is that, so, you know, obviously I work a full-time job. My brother-in-law who married my sister doesn't come from a cattle family. So, you know, he doesn't know a lot about it. And then you got my dad who's had a full-time dog. So my granddad who's 80 is kinda running everything.

(49m 57s):
You know, we get hurricanes that come through, you got fences down. I mean, it's a lot of upkeep on, it's over, it's almost 30 acres. So, you know, that's kind of weighing into the decision too. Like eventually someone's gonna have to do that. Yeah. And we're all, we're all so busy, you know, I'm not saying I don't want do it. I was raised with, you know, work ethic and I understand all that. But that does definitely, I mean, you're like devoting your life to this at that point. Well that's, so that's a, that's kind of the conundrum, you know, is do I want to be doing that in, in, you know, 20 years, 30 years and I Married and can I get free? You married, It is okay to decide I'm not married. It's not what you wanna do. It's okay to decide. I wanna go live in the city. I'm not married for that. What if you decide, you, you know, you and your spouse get a job across the country and you decide to move.

(50m 41s):
Would your family still be mad? Oh, probably. But I mean, I think there we go. I think, I think we want to stay local. I think we want to stay local for sure. But it's just like this, it just, I don't know, like the opportunity that it's presenting with the money and me living debt free and getting in a nice new house for, especially for homeowners insurance purposes. I mean, my home is 53 even though it was remodeled. Property insurance still looks at it like it's a 1953. Property insurance is expensive here. So, you know, I'd be solving a lot of problems. I mean, I could even pay off the truck, buy a brand new house with How Much money do you have right now in cash? Well, after post engagement ring, I've got 10,000 in savings right now and, and I got about a hundred K in a 401k. Listen, Clay, I think you're, I think you're, I like that you're thinking ahead.

(51m 22s):
I think having some foresight is really smart. I almost think you're looking too far ahead. I almost think you have to go, okay, let me look at five years from now, What's the right next step? Yeah. Five years from now, I do see myself married. I see myself with a child or two. And where would I like to see myself living in that five year span and then, oh yeah, maybe I'd like to hold onto that property a little longer. Then you look at, okay, and then in the next 10 years from that, just what do I think? And you kind of sounded like, hey, I don't wanna be doing this forever. Is this a 10 or 15 year play or is this, you know, and really kind of like draw a timeline out that you think you'd be ready to exit this lifestyle. It might not be today or, and just because you don't wanna be doing it 30 years from now doesn't mean you want to stop doing it five years from now.

(52m 6s):
Do you see what I'm saying? Sure. Yeah. Get that on paper. I think it'll help you to get it on paper. You have a lot of great ideas. This reminds me of the old quote, the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry because I'm a future thinker. Like him go, this is gonna happen. Then this, and life never happens that way. So hold everything loosely. Just take the right next step and don't get starry-eyed with quote opportunities that cause you to go into debt and get this truck paid off. Clay. I know. What do you do? I know. Come on man. You make 155 grand tripping. Pay off the truck in the next few months, get it done, and then focus on that mortgage.

(53m 2s):
Ever. Look at your phone bill and feel like you're trying to decode a top secret message. $17 and 42 cents for advanced signal optimization. What even is that? Well, luckily, Boost Mobile keeps it simple. Just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data with no contracts, absolutely zero nonsense and a price that's guaranteed forever. Plus Boost backs it up with a 30 day money back guarantee. So you can try it without feeling trapped. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash Ramsey to make the switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY. Restrictions Apply. See Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY for details.

(53m 55s):
Oh, Jade, we got some big news that producer James dropped on the desk here. Yeah, yesterday security researchers at Cyber News identified a massive cachet of 16 billion unique login credentials, usernames and passwords spread across 30 distinct data sets. Mm. Some holding up to 3.5 billion records each. So that's A hide your kids, hide your wife. That's A lot of lingo to say. Terrible data breach just happened. And unlike many big leaks that resurface old info, nearly all of this data is fresh. Like the Krispy Kreme donuts going down the roller likely pulled directly from infected users via info stealer malware. What? Wait, say what? Info Stealer malware.

(54m 35s):
That's what it's called. Info stealer. Infected users. At Least they're very clear with what this is. If you're gonna name something info stealer, I know exactly what that does. So this Is, yes, this is deep. The exposed credentials cover a vast range of platforms from Apple, Facebook, Google, Instagram, Microsoft, Netflix, PayPal, telegram, GitHub, gaming developer tools, even government accounts. So what that Means is, well, I'm in there. Yeah, you're in there. Pretty Much all of our information is probably out there. So what does that mean for you? What can you do about it? Number one, be sure to change your passwords. I know I'm, I look like the target demo for a guy who would tell you to change your passwords. But email, banking, social, all of this stuff can put you at risk if you don't do that. And then secondly, turn on two factor authentication where you can, I know it's annoying.

(55m 19s):
I Do have that. Yeah. Chad, turn it on. I have to wait for the text message and get the code. But that stuff is what actually protects you.

(55m 25s):
And the other thing you can do to protect yourself is check out Xandr insurance's ID theft. They have plans that actually fix the mess if your identity is stolen. I unfortunately ha had to go through this. Jade I know back in, it was 2013 or 14, and Xandr ID theft came in the clutch to help me clean up the mess. And their elite bundle includes a password manager, two factor authentication, and they can protect your entire family. And if you wanna Learn more about how to protect yourself online, we've got a blog that will do just that. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash ID theft to learn more and navigate this wild digital journey we find ourselves on.

(56m 1s):
I'm Starting to run out of password ideas. You know what the new ones are. You, you do a, a unique phrase that only you would know. Yes, I know George. You know, it's like, what's a jade catch phrase that nobody would guess? Yeah, I know. Don't say it out loud. It was hard enough to have a word with a symbol. With a a dash Wait, it has to be a capital letter. Yeah. Has to be at least 12 has to have a symbol. I'm like, oh my gosh. Now they want me to remember a whole phrase. Yeah. So if you're that person that just keeps adding more exclamation points, That's me. It's time for a change. That's me, George. Two better. Jade, I'm stay safe Out there. I'm like, I'm like, what's my birthday? Was it three exclamations or four? I don't remember. Oh boy. Oh boy. Yeah. God bless.

(56m 42s):
And we're young. We're hit. That's why I'm saying I'm only in, I'm in my four on my fourth level and I'm already stumped. Just wait till you're, you know, boomer level. I know it's gonna be bad. All Right, Lindsay's up next in Buffalo. Lindsay, How can we help today? Hi Jade. Hi George. Thank you guys for taking my call. Sure. Hey, so today my question is, my husband's current job is not enough to pay our monthly bills. And I'm not in a position where I can get a job right now due to health issues. And we, our finances are a hot mess And we just, we have no idea what direction to go right now, what to do, What's he making.

(57m 25s):
So he's kind of, in a way got two jobs. He just got a local job to be home with us, but it's only bringing in seven 50 a week and it's the best that he could find. He doesn't have any certifications or anything, but he also, what's he doing? Work. He works in a garage. What kind? Like just working on vehicles, maintenance, things like that. Okay. So he has mechanic type skills? Yeah. Yes. I'm sorry. Okay, that's good. And he is making three KA month from that. Yeah. And how much are your expenses every month?

(58m 8s):
3,100. Okay, so you're a hundred bucks short just to survive? Yeah. Okay. And how much debt do You have? That's actually, that doesn't even include gas and groceries. Oh, well that's what I meant by expenses. What are your total expenses to run the household between food, utilities, your housing, transportation and insurance, and then minimum debt payments. What does all that update? So Then that would be about four grand. Okay. Okay. And you do have a budget that you're using to understand that? I have everything written down. It's been really hard to nail in a budget because him, he was working over the road and our intentions were to sell the truck and trailer and the truck wound up breaking down And we had to get it fixed.

(58m 54s):
And now we're, we're still in agreeing with it. But to, to answer your question, George, we have 64,000 in debt, but there's like other, all these little bills piling up and coming in and What can be sold out of the 64,000? Are any of them assets that you could get rid of? The only thing that we could sell is the truck and the trailer. But he could use that to make money. Like if he went back over the road, he could, But he is not. Yeah. What's stopping him from doing that if it makes more money today? So he is actually currently driving right now. As I mentioned, he is kind of got both jobs going on.

(59m 36s):
So I had a major surgery last year and I've been in and out of the hospital multiple times. And he came off the road to be home with me and the kids And we were just hoping that somehow it would work out. And we've just been going backwards the last six months. So he's still been signed on with that company, but he's, he's currently working with the truck as we speak. But it's been hard 'cause I'm not in a position where I can work to bring in supplemental income. I've tried doing things at home. So you need him home right now? I I do. So he's on the road right now?

(1h 0m 17s):
Yeah. Is that because he can make more money on the road? What does he make doing that? Yeah, What does he make on the road? That's the other part of this too, because It is so inconsistent. What's a good day? Like, what's a good month? A good day? It depends. The further he drives, the more he brings in. Last year I think he brought in like 110, but it was before all of the expenses, like fuel and everything. So here's what you guys need to do. You need to sit down and look at last year and, and say, okay, here's, here's what we brought in. But after all the fuel and expenses and actual money we were, we were getting to keep, here's what it was.

(1h 0m 58s):
Right. Right. And then let's say you find out, okay, this is $50,000. Then you look and say, okay, is there anything else that, I mean, you said he's not doing that full-time anymore. Right? So then you have to look and see is that $50,000 better than what you're doing now or is it worse than what you're doing now? And then you have to decide is it worth keeping this truck and trailer or is there something else he can do to make that amount of money? So you've gotta get real numbers and make those comparisons to really see otherwise you're just guessing. So we, we've done that. We've sat down and really figured out the difference between the two and What'd you find Matter. So he brought home 40 last year after all the expenses and everything.

(1h 1m 41s):
And that was with the, the business paying for the truck. But with him being home, we still have the truck and the trailer payments and the business no longer pays for those. So it's kinda And how long us how long until you're recovered and he, you know, would be able to go back out and do that job full-time again and the business would then pay for the truck. That's, it's hard to say. The issues that I've had are complications from a surgery and it's just been ongoing. It's like ongoing After another. Yeah, I've, yeah. What is the truck and trailer payment every month?

(1h 2m 23s):
So the truck is 4 78 and the trailer is 1 62. And then insurance and fuel. As long as he hauls at least one load a month, It is covered. Like he can fill his truck and it'll last him a month with his regular job. But, And what's left on the loans for the truck and trailer, what do those add up to As part of the 64? The trailer is 7,900, the truck is 19,000. Okay. I'm just wondering if we push pause in the truck and trailer deal if he can't be on the road anyways. 'cause it's hard on you. Yeah. If he at least sells those, we clean up that debt, which saves you 700 or more every single month if you include the insurance, which could give you guys enough breathing room.

(1h 3m 7s):
And then let's find a job locally that can pay better. If he's got mechanic skills, he should be making more than seven 50 a week. Yeah. The 40,000 wasn't enough to keep that trailer and trucking business in my mind. Yeah. The Jews' saying we're at the squeeze as they say. So I wish you guys the best. I hope you continue to heal and recover from this with no complications. And hopefully you guys can see a way out real soon.

(1h 3m 43s):
Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And oh, You're telling me. And for, for decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, terrify. You're gonna have a crisis here and you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. And terror. Take care of your dad. Come family man. Term life insurance can replace income, pay off debts, cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's Exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying I love you to your family. Term life insurance, Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.

(1h 5m 19s):
When you're tackling debt or building wealth, you can often forget about one important step to reaching those goals, which is insurance. Having the right coverage as opposed to too little, too much can impact how long it takes to get there. And skimping on insurance might seem like, oh, I'm gonna save a buck. But when life happens, it's easy to fall back into debt without a safety net. You've gotta transfer that risk over to the insurance companies when you can't handle it. And the right insurance will act as a shield around your loved ones and your wallet if disaster strikes. In some cases it can even save you money if you're paying too much or for bogus insurance types like cell phone insurance. So how do you know if you have the right coverage? Just take our coverage checkup. It's a free online resource that creates a personalized insurance action plan that is unique to you and your situation. It makes an overly confusing topic, easy to understand with clear Next Steps. So go check it out, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup and take the coverage checkup or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.

(1h 6m 14s):
Noah is up next in Rochester, New York. Noah, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi George and Jade, Thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? So I'm calling today 'cause my mom is asking my wife and I to contribute toward a family vacation home purchase. Okay. It is in a location we've been spending time in my whole life growing up that it's always been kind of a, a dream moving in our family to, to get something permanent there to, to make new memories in. I think it's something we've always thought we really enjoy. We're in baby step seven, my wife and I and could, could afford to help, but we're really worried about being a minority owner in a property we wouldn't control and have no real control over who is living or renting this property when we're not spending time there.

(1h 7m 8s):
And also about future, hopefully far, far down the road, inheritance issues between my siblings and myself. Is this a a situation we should want to get ourselves involved in or should we tell mom if this is something she wants? She has to be on her own. I mean, That was some biblical level wisdom though. I appreciate that your namesake is is really coming through today. You are spot on. Thank you. Learn a lot from the show. You think through all these future problems. Yeah, I mean think of, let me ask you this, if you were to structure this thing perfectly, what would it be in a way that you would do it? You tell me. Does it even exist Either? We would and and I think my wife is nervous, maybe more so than I that just future problems arise interpersonally between me and my siblings or between my mom and us.

(1h 7m 57s):
As as as she would get older. I think ideally we'd, we'd want to be in the majority owner or full ownership. There you go. That's not something we can afford at the moment. So how much money does she have into could she buy it out? Right. Was a very attractive alternative. So it sounds like when I rephrased the question and said, you tell me what the perfect scenario is, is it sounds like there isn't one, the perfect scenario would be you owning it outright. Right. And you, you then you said, I can't afford to do that. So I think that you understand what this is and I think in a, in a, you know, perfect picture in your mind it would be nice to have a family vacation house.

(1h 8m 41s):
It would be nice to Go to this place that you guys are always went to when you were kids. But I mean, you laid out all the reasons that that's really not a practical or good realistic solution. And the only realistic solution would be somebody just owns it outright and lets everybody else use it. Right? I think, I think that's what I knew, but maybe need someone to hear someone else say out loud. Yeah. I mean it sounds like you really love your family and you love your mom and you and your wife have said like, this could cause like relational issues. It could cause inheritance issues. It could cause a lot. And is this a vacation property or an investment property?

(1h 9m 21s):
It sounds like you're trying to mix the two. It would. She it's currently being rented out as an Airbnb. Oh. That's not something I had ever really considered before, but my mom is talking about continuing that and then also using it as, as for family vacations in Addition to So you already have it Before at, So you already have it? No, we do not have it. It's, no, It's for sale. It's for sale, yes. Got it. Got it. Got It. Is this, is this exact home really special? Have you guys stayed there a lot? I'm confused or It is just the general area. Yes, We have. Interesting. We, we stayed in, in the particular house and in the location many other places. What's The, what's the cost? How much is it?

(1h 10m 2s):
300,000 And you're in baby steps seven. How much do you make? My wife and I combined about 250,000. So I mean I, I just, I with the income that you have with where you are financially, I'd be more interested in saving up to buy my own vacation home in three years and it's mine and I can rent it to my family or let my family stay there or I can go there as much as I want and there's no weird strings attached to it. Maybe it's not that particular one, but it's something like that.

(1h 10m 44s):
Yes. That's a good option. This one just already has a lot of, a lot of good memories associated with we stayed there before. Yeah. Not just rent it out. When you guys wanna go visit With out of our hands. What's wrong with the current plan that you've been doing of just visiting there whenever you feel like it. That's, that's another great point we had thought about. We would be looking, contribute, lot of vacation rentals as far as staying somewhere a few weeks a year. Yeah. That's like 30 years of vacations there. I think you'll, that's, that's always the, the rub to me with buying these investment properties.

(1h 11m 25s):
And the other piece is you got random people partying there on the weekends destroying all your stuff. Mm. That I would not rent it. I could not do that. I'd be like, it's mine or not. I I would try to separate investment property from a actual, you know, be Airbnb vacation home, that's yours. And I'll tell you Right. If Dave was on the line, he'd say the same thing. Dave doesn't, Dave's got a lot of investment properties. He ain't staying there. No one's staying at Dave's lake house except for Dave. And so there's something to think about there. And if, if your mom can't afford it, then she just needs to rent it when she wants and we'll still have all the memories. But I would not go through with this. I think everything you're saying is spot on here. You're noticing all the red flags right. In the nick of time.

(1h 12m 5s):
And so I think you politely decline and say this isn't our priority for us financially. We can't afford to do this. If you choose to do it good on you, but we're not gonna be a part of it. Okay. I think, I think that's what we were leaning toward and glad you agree. So Thank you. I Think I smell a disappointed mom in your future. Is that right? I'm gonna, it's gonna be hard to it's hard to break it to her, but You just crushed her dreams, Noah. This is all she's ever wanted. Yeah. Nothing stops you guys from still continuing to go there and have a good time. I mean, that's what you've been doing and that's worked for everybody. Yes.

(1h 12m 45s):
We will still be going to that area regardless of, of whether we own something or not. And maybe one day you find a spot You like, like said, nothing comes up in, in the future. Yeah. Yeah. And you and only do this with cash if you ever choose to do it. That's right. That's right. And I would, I would not partner with anyone to do it. I would just let you guys be the sole owners and mom can stay when she likes. That's what I would do. Katie's up next in Billings, Montana. What's going on Katie? Good. Hey, are you with us? Oh, can you hear me? Yes, Sure can. We're tight on time and get right to the questions. Sorry. That's okay. Okay, wonderful. Yes. So I am 31 years old.

(1h 13m 25s):
I am not currently in debt. Thank the Lord. I, I have just recently invested in a Roth IRAI have term life insurance. I max out my HSA, do all the things, but, and then my husband and I have about $360,000 sitting in the bank. Hmm. Wow. So that is mostly, we do have CDs at 4% and everything else is in savings or checking. And I know nothing about investment opportunities. It just seems like the stock market is kind of in a volatile state. And I am, I'm nervous about what to do as to grow.

(1h 14m 11s):
Does that make sense? It does. And I want to answer your question with some depth here. So would you be willing to hang on the line and we'll get back to you right after this break? Yes, absolutely. I love it. This is a good problem to have, Jade. Yes. She's got a whole lot of money and just needs to put it in a specific direction that's gonna grow for her. And I want to dig into the stock market volatility. I think a lot of people are feeling that right now, but we're gonna talk about it. Stick around, we'll be right there.

(1h 15m 5s):
We all know the importance of eating fruits and vegetables, but let's face it, life gets busy and sometimes we eat stuff we shouldn't. That's where Field of Greens comes in. It's a super food powder made from real organic fruits and vegetables. Mix one scoop with water and you're good to go. Field of Greens is packed with nutrients designed to support your overall health, boost your immune system and increase your energy levels. And your doctor will notice your improved health or Field of Greens will give you your money back visit Field of Greens dot com slash Ramsey to save 20% and get free shipping. That's Field of Greens dot com slash Ramsey.

(1h 16m 3s):
All Right, we're going back to Katie in Billings, Montana. She's 31, she's got a Roth IRA. She has term life insurance. She has a health savings account and she has $360,000 in the bank. She's investing in some CDs and she wants to know what is the deal with this investing stuff. How do I get into It? Is that an accurate summary, Katie? I have believe so, yes. Phew. Okay. So you said you had money in CDs? Yes. How much are we talking? 232,000. Ooh. Is that on top of the 360 you have in the bank? No sir. Nope. That's including, yeah, so CDs, those are CDs within our bank. You got you.

(1h 16m 43s):
Where's the other 130? Yes, We have $116,000 in savings and 9,000 in checking. And then about 1200 in HSA. Wow. The 9,000 in checking, is that like your month to month budgeting money or that's just extra money? No, my goodness. I just need to move that over to savings. Got you. Certainly I'm, we're very good. My family is very good at living frugally, but where we need to grow is we just don't know what to do next. Okay. Are you enjoying your life? Yes, absolutely. Okay. Yep. You're not, you're not just saving every penny and living like a miser.

(1h 17m 24s):
You guys are enjoying, like are you debt free? We're debt free, yes. Good house and everything or do you have a mortgage House and everything? No mortgage. Amazing. At 31 years old. Wow. Great. Yeah. Yes, it's wonderful. What's the income situation? I am a public school teacher and so I make about $55,000 a year. And then my husband is a farmer rancher. And so that income changes year to year. So we do have some liquid assets on top of that. And my husband is very much a let's, let's invest in cows in things that we can touch and See. Well, that's what he understands or land, he's like stock market.

(1h 18m 7s):
That's what he understands. Why would I do that? And I'm kind of, I'm afraid of it too because I, I'm completely comfortable working for the man and knowing what I'm going to get as far as month to month paycheck. And the stock market is scary. It took me forever to get a Roth IRA just because I thought it was a, a scary opportunity tell. So I started us tell Us what's scary about it. We wanna know more about that because you, I know you're not the only one that feels that way. Yeah. You don't know for sure what the return is gonna be on your investment. Right. And I guess you don't, you don't know that either with cattle or sheep or whatever you have, but it's a little more concrete than you can see it. The world of the stock market.

(1h 18m 47s):
I don't understand. Okay. So yeah. Does your, does your husband want to understand, is he also wanting to go, Hey, we should probably do this? He follows, he follows it and he's, I feel like he's way more educated. I know that he's way more educated than I am and he's brought up the idea of a financial advisor and maybe hiring one of those. And I thought, gosh, do we need to spend the money on hiring a financial advisor if we're not in, I don't know. I don't know much about that. So, Katie, when you think about investing the scary part that you were saying you don't know what your return, return on investment is. When you think of that, do you think of it as something that you invest in and then, you know, a couple years later you, you get your money out?

(1h 19m 29s):
Or do you look at it as something that's kind of just kind of like you've done with these CDs or these savings where you just put the money in and you let it stay there for a long, long, long time until, until you, you need it? Yeah. I mean, I would be completely comfortable with putting it in there and letting it stay for a long time. I just don't know where to put it. Well the good news is that's what we're gonna tell you. Yay. Okay. Even with the Roth, I just let, I let my job say where that money was gonna go. Just Do you have a Roth four three B? I don't know. Yes. Okay. I'm guessing if you work for, you know, if you said you're a school teacher that sounds good.

(1h 20m 9s):
You likely have access to a retirement account through your employer and it's likely a four three BI do. Yep. Okay. Okay. So you guys are in baby step seven, which means the whole 15% in baby step four, that's out the window. Now you can increase your investing as much as you want. And I would encourage you guys to max out all of your tax advantaged retirement accounts first. So things like a Roth IRA, you both can open one of those and max it out. That's $7,000 each. Okay. That's $14,000 right there invested. Okay. And then you can max out your, your Roth 4 0 3 B, that's another great option to max out. And even beyond retirement, you guys could invest in a brokerage account an a taxable brokerage account, which just means it's not inside of a retirement account.

(1h 20m 49s):
It doesn't have the tax advantages, but you're just investing in the open market and it's just kinda liquid. You could cash it out at any time without penalties. Okay. So those are a few options. Now I What's your opinion on, oh, I'm sorry. There's a little bit of a lag. What is your opinion on a, on hiring a financial advisor to help guide us through that? I think it's a great idea. I think your husband thinks, or you may have thought, well financial advisors are people who are in, in deep debt who need to help getting out. Yeah. That's more of a financial coach. A financial advisor is helping people build wealth. That is their a one goal. Okay.

(1h 21m 24s):
And if you want help finding one, you can jump on a Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Smart Vista Pro and they can walk you through the entire process of here's what you should be investing in here. You know, they can address your kind of risk tolerance that you're talking about. Hey, I'm, I'm worried about the market they can walk you through. And the the truth is that the trajectory of the stock market is very comforting to me. It's up and to the right. Okay. But if you zoom in on any given day, if you know the president burps in the stock market takes a dip, It is scary to look at. Right. Right. But Then you see over a six month, one year, five year period of time, you can see that it's going to come back stronger than ever. Every, every few years we're gonna see more record highs. And so if you want more on that, I'm gonna send you a copy of two books that I think will help you understand all of this. One is Dave's book, baby Steps Millionaires. That will really give you, I heard that in a commercial. Okay, Perfect. Okay. I'll send that one to you. And I'll also send you my book, breaking Free from Broke. I have a whole chapter called Wealth is Patience and another chapter on investment traps. You and your husband read those chapters and it's gonna give you a great primer on exactly what you need to know and nothing else. No jargon. Oh, wonderful. No complicated financial information. Just here's the clear path. Here's when to invest, here's what to invest in, here's how to do it. Right. Here's how to become multimillionaires and build wealth. And the key principle, okay, for you and your husband is that you don't wanna put all of your eggs in one basket. So I love that he's a very talented farmer and rancher. That's a great skill to have. He knows it well. He's gonna continue to do well there, but it's also wise to have money elsewhere that's growing for you. Yes. Okay. Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you so much. Absolutely.

(1h 23m 9s):
And then one thing to think about risk, this is interesting, Jade. There is just as much risk in letting your money sit under the mattress at home as there is having it in the stock market, if not more, having it under a mattress. And not to mention, I mean, you're just missing out. You're losing, you're losing money in many ways because there's an opportunity cost there that people feel to consider. Yeah. You know, I, what she said is so true. You know, I do think a lot of people get weirded out by the stock market because they are looking at it short term, whether it's day to day or week by week. And I just always encourage people to think about the long term. Right? We always talk about you should be average in 10 to 12% and that really is an annualized rate of return instead of just looking at the year, it's looking at a picture of many years over time.

(1h 23m 51s):
Oh yeah. They go, I don't, where are they getting 10%? I'm not seeing that in my account. I'm like, listen, it's an average over time. Over Time. And that's why I asked her, I said, you know, are you looking at this as a, you know, I keep it in for a month and then I pull it out and see what happens. No, if it goes Down, I get spooked and rip it out. Don't say that. Right. It's like, no, you set it and forget it and you're gonna look up in 20 or 30 years depending on how old you are, or 15 years. And you're gonna say, wow. Yeah, that annualized rate of return thing really did pull through for me. And that's how this works. It's not, it's not a slot machine. Right. It's not a a, a gamble or a bet that you just put the money in and you're just hoping you hit Big. Yeah. And that's why we don't recommend single stocks. That's right. That's right. We only recommend mutual funds when it comes to investing in the market and that just means a giant group of stocks. So 90 to 200 or more.

(1h 24m 32s):
That's right. That's right. Stocks sitting in this one basket. And even then we diversify across those. We want some that are focused on aggressive growth, some that are more stable, that's growth and income. That's right. And then you get the middle ground, which is growth. And so if you just do that and international as well. Yes, That's right. We want that. We saw this recently this year. Yeah. The US market took a huge dip and international climb way up Up. That's right. That's right. And so that's been Dave's whole thing is, hey, I know it's been underperforming the US stock market, but we do this to hedge our bets against something happening with the US stock market. So a lot of nerdery to say, if you just invest over a long period of time, you're gonna be okay. That's right. And our millionaire study proved that out. Yes. Eight outta 10 said, Hey, the key vehicle to me becoming a millionaire was just investing in my company retirement plan.

(1h 25m 15s):
Yeah. So Emily as a teacher is spot on. That's right. That was the number three career, Number three profession Of all millionaires outta 10,000. And it's because teachers go, yeah, I'll follow a proven plan. Yeah. I follow my syllabus, the curriculums, I can follow Dave Ramsey stuff too. So great question, Emily, hang on the line. We'll send you those two books.

(1h 25m 32s):
For the rest of you, check out our investing guide, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash guide, completely free. They give you all the tools and info you need from the Ramsey Network.

(1h 26m 2s):
This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. And we're taking your calls at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Beth is gonna kick us off this hour in South Bend, Indiana, what's going on Beth? Hey, Thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can we Help? Hey, my question, well, my question for you, my family's kind of living through a crisis right Now. Oh no, boy. Well, I'm trying to hold it together. So last summer my son was supposed to get married and the week, the week before he was supposed to get married, he found out his fiance was cheating on him with a married man twice her age with grown kids.

(1h 26m 48s):
Oh. Oh, yikes. And, and my son is a huge fan of Dave Ramsey. And he is fantastic with his money. Well, so she lived with him beforehand, which we weren't, you know, in favor of. She moved out for about a week and then came back in and has continued to live in his home. And They're still in a relationship. They're still in a relationship. Wow. They've gotten, they've gotten very involved in our church. They're going to individual counseling and, but my husband and I, we just, we don't feel on board with this.

(1h 27m 32s):
I spoke to her a couple weeks after this happened and I told her it was a coworker at her work. I told her she needed to get a different job, which she did. I told her she needed to move out of his home, which I, Like I said she did for one week. Anyway, what I'm concerned about, my husband and I and the rest of my family we're just so hurt by this. And Like I said, we don't agree with it. I started some counseling of my own today. Good. But in the next couple years, we're going to be inheriting some property and things that are worth some money that have been in our families for generations. And my concern is now how do I protect family assets when I don't agree with what my husband, with my husband, my son's possible choices, his life choice with this partner.

(1h 28m 24s):
And I know this is a way down the line that, you know, things can change, but it seems to be moving in that direction. How Old is, how old is he? How old are you? I'm 54. He's 27. So can I just, you said a lot, I just wanna make sure I get the gist of it. The son's, your son's girlfriend at the time cheated? Yes. Fiance. Fiance. Fiance. But okay. Fiance. And she cheated. They have since sounds like, worked through it or are working through it, he still wants to marry her or did they pull back the engagement? They're not engaged anymore, but they're, they're back in a relationship and cohabitating living together. Okay. So no longer engaged, but you don't, you, you think he should have just cut her loose and that should have been that on that.

(1h 29m 10s):
I mean, I wish he would've ultimately, but because I just, I don't know how we rebuild trust after this has happened. And now you've got this land coming, how much is this land and this property worth? Well, I mean the, one of the properties It is over a million dollars. Okay. And it's Been, That's Just one for like five generations. And When you say trust, are you saying his, his ability to make, you know, wise decisions, his judgment, because this has nothing to do with money. Worried about that. Right. He is good with his money, but I'm just worried. I don't trust the relationship and I'm just worried about losing, you know, eventually, like if it, I'm worried about the estate moving forward after I'm gone.

(1h 29m 60s):
Does and these, this property, Does he misbehave with money? No. Okay. I, I'm just trying to parse out is is this like a punishment to him to say, well, because I don't like this relationship, I'm not gonna put you in the estate. Is that kind of part of it? Because it doesn't sound like they're connected closely. Yeah, I just, you know, I, I just worry 'cause I just, I don't trust this relationship and I, Like I said, I just, I worry about it not making it and then my and and what to do with, I don't know. I just, I mean, I Guess even, I think you're jumping forward quite a bit. You haven't inherited the land yet, you said it's coming. No.

(1h 30m 39s):
So that hasn't even happened yet Until you and your husband pass? No, it, it will be, well it's within the next couple years. But I'm saying the the inheritance is not to your son, it's to you. No. Yes. Correct. And then you would have it and whoever else is involved, who else is involved with the inheritance? I have a daughter. So your daughter's getting part of this inheritance. She will eventually after you pass, and I know I'm just, I think you're It is, but it's after you passed, so you're jumping, you haven's Whattt received it yet we Have decades before this decision is finalized. But you can do what you want with the estate now and when once you get it, let's say you set up and say, hey, when if I pass it goes all to my daughter, and you can change that later on down the road and say, you know what?

(1h 31m 27s):
The relationship has changed. I feel differently. So this is not a, a one and done. Yeah. And and that's what I was kind of thinking. Like whatever I do now, I mean eventually I just, I I can't help but kind of think ahead and I know I shouldn't, I just need to take baby steps through this. Well, Let me also ask you this. So I asked you the question, has your son misbehaved with money? You said no. No. So is your concern that, tell me where your beef is. Is it, if I pass away and my son gets this money now this hussy is gonna get her hands on it as well? Like, is this what you're thinking to? Is that the Real fear Yourself? It's not really your son, it's her. I mean, yeah, that, that's, I would say that's pretty accurate.

(1h 32m 9s):
Okay. Because I just, I, yeah. Okay. That and fair enough. Like I, I'm a mom. So let me tell you if, if this happened with my son Whohoo, Have you shared any of this with your son, your concerns? Oh yes. Yep. What does he say? Is he defensive? Yes, he gets defensive. Okay. So is he sort of choosing this woman over the relationship with you at this point where he is like, Hey, I'm, I'm with her. You can do what you want. Yeah, it's, it's starting to head that way. Okay. Well what happens too, I, and I don't, I don't know, I I sympathize with you. I think George and I both do. What happens if they, you know, make amends and they get married and they ride off into the sunset and they live happily ever after.

(1h 32m 58s):
And this indiscretion was something that happened really earlier in their, early in the relationship is water under the bridge and they go on to be happy, healthy adults with kids and family. What happens then? Let's play out both sides of the scenario. Yeah, and I would, I would maybe feel differently then. You know, I, I know time will tell. Yeah. But I just, I I, I probably am just thinking too far down the line and, and there's a chance that they may not end, end up together, but it, it just seems like the direction it's going and it's just, I guess it just kind of blows my mind. Listen, I I'm with you. I don't know that this is your cutoff from the estate situation. She, he didn't make the mistake necessarily.

(1h 33m 40s):
She did. And I suppose it's his choice if he'd like to forgive her for that, but they're not even married yet. And you don't even have this money yet. And you haven't passed away yet. I just feel like we're very, very ahead of ourselves. Call back in three years when you get the inheritance And we can talk about it. Yes. By then she might be long gone. I just don't want you tortured about a thing that is not gonna happen for a long time. It's living rent free in your head, Beth. And you just deserve to be free of that in the present right now. And we'll see what happens in the future. But it's outta your control. And that's a hard thing becoming a parent, realizing I don't control a 27-year-old grown man's decisions. And then you're in control of what happens with this inheritances.

(1h 34m 21s):
It's up to you if you don't want to give it to him. That's also your prerogative. This is The Ramsey Show.

(1h 34m 49s):
Hey guys, I love summer, but do you ever notice how fast money can get outta hand this time of year? You know how It is. You wanna make all these great memories. It's so easy to just put your brain in beach mode and swipe that credit card. But then you end the summer saying, where the heck did all this debt come from? Look, I want you to have some fun. I just want you to plan for it with a budget. The EveryDollar budget app is the easiest way to make a plan for your money. And I'm telling you right now, when you do that, you'll see that a budget doesn't confine your money. It defines it, it puts you in control of where your money's going. So you can enjoy your summer without overspending or going into credit card debt. So go download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play right now.

(1h 35m 59s):
Buying or selling your home is a big deal. And between clickbait headlines and confusing data, it's tough to know what's actually going on in the housing market. So we're here to make the latest trends easy to understand. Median home prices went up slightly last month to about $440,000. And we just hit 1 million homes for sale, which is the most we've seen since 2019. So a lot of supply out there, but even then in some areas it's still not enough to meet buyer demand. The average 15 year fixed rate rose to 5.95% last month, still under 6%. And if you're financially ready, a small rate increase shouldn't hold you back from buying a home you love. Don't go chasing rates if you're ready to jump into this. So Learn more about the housing market trends. Get free tools to help you buy or sell with confidence at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market. Or click the link in the show notes if you're on YouTube or podcast.

(1h 36m 48s):
Kelly's up next in St. Louis. What's going on, Kelly? Hi. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. I have a family issue. Okay. I need advice on what's fair and right. My father built a house in the sixties with acreage to each of his three daughters could build on it and two of them did. I did not. They're very emotionally invested in the homes because they've been there for many years. My parents have passed and we've got this inheritance and we're trying to decide what to do because now I'm ready to sell my third.

(1h 37m 30s):
They want to stay there. And so They have to buy you out a family member And Well, they're wanting a family member to buy me out and that's okay with me. I'm willing to, to take less money for a family member to stay there. But then they're also wanting to subdivide and, you know, only have the family buy an acre. And How much, how much is legally yours? One third. And how many acres is that? There's about nine acres and there was 14 initially, and then two of the sisters built and different things happens where there's nine remaining.

(1h 38m 12s):
Okay, so you have three of those nine? No, I have a third of all nine. And there was actually 14. So what they built on was, was deeded off already. Okay. So is yours deeded off? Like how does, how does this work? If you went to sell it today, is it already, is there a separate parcel there for you? No, that's the crazy thing. It was just divided by three and it worked for a while. But at this point that we're looking at selling it, we can't agree on how to do that. And I don't wanna have permanent damage done to the family. You know, my, my family is more important to me than making the money.

(1h 38m 55s):
But I also wanna be treated fairly and we're willing to sell it to another family member. But it just gets so complicated. Do we, I think we need to agree on exactly where this land is physically, you know, have the actual boundary lines drawn up of what is yours and that's what you're able to sell. And I don't know that it's up to them of, of who gets to buy it. That's a nice to have, isn't it? So should we put it up for sale? And you're Saying you wanna sell it, right? Yeah, but like they're talking about keeping portions of it and buying Why, but they would've to buy that from them portion.

(1h 39m 37s):
And if they can't afford to buy you out, then they can't afford to buy you out and it's, it's yours to do with what you want. Okay. I don't Think they have any legal, you know what I mean? I don't think they have any legal grounds to say, no, you can't sell this. And so you probably need to get a real estate attorney. You know, we're just two knuckleheads on a radio show. But I, I would get in touch with a real estate attorney, not because you're trying to be cruel, but because you actually want to be kind and do this the right way. Not, and have it be less messy. Less messy. Okay. That is really what I was thinking. You would probably say I was, it's really the only solution because, but I could work with them.

(1h 40m 21s):
It's just What does that mean to work with them? Well, like, let them split part of it off to go with a house and sell the house and then split part of it off and sell that portion to them. So get everything resurveyed basically. Exactly, Exactly. That's what, that's what George was saying. 'cause I was gonna ask what's on the land and if you don't know who's entitled to what, one piece of one piece of land could have property on it, one piece or you know, could have a house on it, one piece of property could have something else on it. What's on the land? It has two barns and it has one house and it's all divided by three.

(1h 41m 2s):
Okay. Even the house. Right. Wow. Okay. And the house is, is going to be available for someone to move into it, so it needs to be sold. And so we're just saying different. We all receive what should be done differently. How so of the three of you, you're the only one who wants to sell? Well there's one that wants to keep and there's one that wants to sell, which is me. And then there's one that is wanting parts of it. Okay. Wow. Yeah, I know I would start with the, and it's just with the surveyor, maybe I would at least map out this property and figure out how we can split it into equal value parts and then we can decide from there.

(1h 41m 51s):
But right now there's so much gray area. Yeah. So many feelings involved. Let's get some facts on paper of exactly what part of the land is yours. Then we can decide what to do with that portion of the land. If we're gonna split it up further, if we're gonna sell it as a whole, who is it gonna Go to? All of that will come later. Okay. But I think we know we need to come to an agreement here and there might not be full agreement and you might just have to do what you feel is best for you. I think that's where we're at And that could damage the relationship. So just know there's feelings involved. This is what happens with inheritance that split a bunch of ways. And you might not be on the, you know, on the favorable side in their eyes. And, and that's what I was calling in for is to see if there's a way to avoid the emotional aspect of it.

(1h 42m 39s):
Well, They've already brought that into it. I think it's too late to avoid emotions. They're already feeling like, I can't believe she would ditch this land. This was given to our family. They already feel a certain way about it. You know what I mean? Yeah. I don't think you can avoid that. Okay. Well The best thing you can do is figure out how you wanna navigate that and you can decide I'm gonna just be kind and you know, if, if they unleash on me, like you can make those decisions ahead of time to say no matter what I, I realize they're gonna feel hurt. I know they might lash out at me and I'm just gonna, you know, swallow it and swallow my pride and just say, I know that this hurts and I'm not gonna let it, like, you can decide what you're gonna do on that on the end of it. But yeah, they might, they might lash out a little bit.

(1h 43m 24s):
Oh, Kelly, I'm so sorry, but you got your homework. I would be contacting a real estate attorney and a, you know, licensed land surveyor to take the Next Steps to figure all this out. This is all part of it. When you inherit physical land, man. Whew. That's a tough one. I don't know what I would do in that. I mean, I would wanna do the kind thing, but I also would probably, if I wanted to get rid of the land, I'm gonna go tough cookies. Yeah, yeah. That's, that's true. The buyers is the next owner. Whether it's the next door neighbor or a sibling or a stranger. You and I talked about this. Land is a tough thing because it's gotta be something that you feel good about keeping and managing and it's almost like, it can feel like a great inheritance depending on the personality type.

(1h 44m 4s):
Or to another person. It could feel like such a burden that they have to figure out all the time or be a part of that they don't really wanna be a part of. Yeah. I don't know. It feels very American. I don't know. It's 'cause we have a lot of land, you know, but like Europe, there's not a lot to go around. But in America it feels so precious. Yeah. You know, they're not making more of it. That's what they always say with land. That's true. That's true. So I get it. But also to, to act like you're a terrible person for wanting to sell some dirt. Yeah. I think is also outrageous. Yeah. On the one hand I get it though. You know, if I, let's pretend I left my wedding ring to my daughter, which I will, and she left it to her daughter and her daughter. And by the time we look up it's five generations and then sell it. Someone Says someone Sells it.

(1h 44m 44s):
It's like, you know, how could you So I can get it. I, I can, I can dig it. I just feel like it, it, it feels wild to, for you to force sentiment to someone else. Yeah. Like, just 'cause I care about it. You should too. And the same goes for land. Yeah. You know what I mean? You're not wrong. It's just dirt. I know it's been in the family for generations and there's some, there's something special about that. Yeah. And you breaking that, it means you're a terrible, I just don't subscribe to that level. I'm with you, George. If I had land, I'd probably sell it too. Just live your life. You know, we're all gonna go back into the land for once. We came from dust to dust. Yes. So just don't hold it all loosely guys.

(1h 45m 40s):
Hey guys, George here. Listen, if you're determined to get outta debt and build wealth, then don't leave out an important step. Having the right insurance, don't make the mistake of thinking you can get by with minimal coverage or worse. None at all. Because when Murphy comes knocking and he will come knocking, you'll start backsliding further into debt if you don't have the money to pay for it. So take our insurance coverage checkup and get a personalized action plan that tells you exactly what you need and what you don't. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup to get started. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup.

(1h 46m 25s):
Our question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi? Why Refi works with borrowers who have defaulted private student loans. Even when other lenders have said no. With a lower payment and a low fixed rate, you could have a clear path forward. So visit Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey to learn more. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey may not be available in all states.

(1h 46m 46s):
Okay, today's question comes from Sam in Arkansas. He says, when it comes to types of debt, are some worse than other types. For instance, are credit cards worse than a heloc? I have a high credit card debt. So I thought about taking out a HELOC to pay them off, but I wasn't sure if this would make me worse off than I already am. So let's talk about, there's, there's a couple of different levels to this question. First off, debt is debt, right? Anytime you owe somebody money, you're slave to the lender. So for the purposes of this, just think of it that way. Like, I wanna avoid debt. And if you're looking for a solution from your debt, in this case, you're looking for a solution from your credit card debt.

(1h 47m 28s):
Yeah. Moving it over. That's not a solution. You could possibly save a little bit on interest, but don't think of that as the solution. The solution is you gotta pay it off. Because if you just move it to a heloc, you've just moved it, it's not gone. You've just rolled it into an asset and you still have to pay it so well While putting your home at risk. Right. And moving to likely a variable interest rate on these HELOCs. Exactly. Oh yeah. That's very true, George. It's a terrible solution for a lot of reasons. Yeah. But, and it doesn't attack the behavior that got us there. And we know personal finances. Yes. 80% behavior, 20% head knowledge. So you could mathematically go, well, this is a better debt to get into and you're gonna be a rat in the maze. Yeah. And we do find that a lot of times when folks consolidate debt, whether it's into a HELOC or another type of personal loan, it's kind of like, oh, great.

(1h 48m 14s):
They feel like they've solved it and then they keep piling up debt because they went from paying, I don't know, seven different bills to one bill. And somehow that made them feel like they had less debt. And so now that frees me up to just go into more debt. Right. So it's not, you know, there's, there's moments in time here on the show where you might hear us say something like, you know, a guy's upside down in a cart payment. And we'd say, yeah. You know, get a loan for the difference. Or we'd, we'd convince them to do something that would get them out of a higher amount of debt to get into a lower amount of debt. Right. But in that case, that's only really the only time you'd hear a say to move something. And it's really just in the car payment situation to get you from a $50,000 car payment to a, you know.

(1h 48m 58s):
Yeah. And sometimes refinancing, you know, like a mortgage or student loans. But even then we're not saying, go take out other debt. That's right. Pay off this debt. That's right. It's simply to get better terms. Not extend the timeline, but just for fun. Yes. He asks, are there some types of debt that are worse than others? Let's talk about that. Would you do a ranking for us, Jade, of what you think? This is just Jade's personal opinion. Jade's personal opinion. Okay. Number one, I, if we have a ti a spec, a spectrum here, I think the worst is payday loans. Would you agree? Yes. 'cause my, in my head, you can go, well, highest interest rate, hardest to get rid of. And in my mind, I go most predatory there, But it's all of the above, I feel. And payday loans, the effective interest rate can be like three, 400%.

(1h 49m 38s):
Yes. All of the above. Yeah. Terrible. It keeps people in this in a terrible cycle of debt. Yeah. Even if it's just a few hundred bucks, it's not the amount with payday loans that makes 'em the worst. It's the predatory nature in the insane fine print terms that people don't understand, Which is also very similar to like a buy now pay later. I find that to be predatory. It just preys on low income. Middle income. I can't have what I want. Find me a way to get what I want. Buy now, pay later is so terrible. It's, it's like on the habit side of what you were saying. Yeah, probably habit forming is, is the worst thing. I mean, it really does speak to the fact that you can buy now, pay later. A stake is ridiculous. You know, you can buy now, pay later, anything. It's bad.

(1h 50m 18s):
So I'd say that probably after that, again, predatory high interest rates. I'm gonna go with credit cards. Yep. That'd be third on my list. And very Too, too easy of access. Easy. I mean, easy. These credit card companies will give anybody a giant line of credit to go, yeah, go max it out at 10 grand, at 29% interest. See what we care. And a lot of these j are, they're secured debts. And there's unsecured debts. And that's an important distinction. Unsecured debts like credit cards are not attached to an asset. That's right. Like a car loan is a secured debt because your car is attached to it. That's right. So some went down, they could repo The car. There's something on the other end of it, but Unsecured debt's gonna have way higher interest rates. And so those to me are, are some of the worst ones out there. Well, That leads me to my fourth on my list. I'm gonna go with the car payment.

(1h 50m 59s):
I think a, it's an, it's an asset, but it's going down in value. So it stops being an asset the moment you buy it, basically. Because the value starts to de to deplete. And then, I mean, George, I've said it, you've said it, Dave said it. The car payment is what keeps you average. It's what keeps you broke. It's what keeps you from, for The middle class. The car payment I think is one of the worst types of debt. 'cause it's been so normalized. Yeah. And most people have one, their entire working career, their entire life. So you just swap one for another, for another. And you know, at today's cost you're, you're just, it's 500 to $700 a month that you're never gonna invest. And so it's just keeping you from building wealth. After that, I'd probably Go to, it's a toss up between maybe the 401k loan or the student loan.

(1h 51m 42s):
But I think I'm gonna go student loan next. Specifically parent plus loans. Yeah. Those are brutal. They're brutal. There's a relational element there that we take those calls. It's, it's not about the money as much. It is a broken relationship and a lack of communication. And the parents on the hook at a crazy high interest rate. Now they can't retire that. Yes, they want junior to pay the bill, but Junior never agreed to pay the bill. It's just a nightmare. Yeah, it's, it's tough. We get those calls all the time. And then, then there's the 401k loan, which you go, I've worked so hard to put this money aside and now it's my money, but I don't get to just have it. I have to borrow it. Yes. Im at an interest Rate. I'm gonna unplug the growth, pay interest back to myself.

(1h 52m 23s):
Yes. And penalties. And Penalties. It's just probably one of the most painful types of debt that you could take out. So I'd say that up higher on the list. I'd probably go with medical debt. Usually that's the harmless. I'm just trying to live, I was trying to take care of my child. I Didn't know. People aren't choosing to go into medical debt right now. They didn't sometimes didn't prepare. They didn't have the right insurances. Right. All that. That's right. But, and it's easier to settle than other types of debt. Yes. It's not ill-intentioned. Right. Yes. It's like I wasn't trying to live this lifestyle or do this thing like life just happened To me. And we haven't even mentioned HELOCs, home equity loans. Yeah. All of that. Goodness gracious, Jake. Yeah. The list goes on. I Put on, I put on, where would you throw those in the List?

(1h 53m 4s):
That's definitely a middle class trap. As far as worst. I wouldn't trade places with people with a heloc. I would, it's not a fun life would not, they've, they've, they're way over leveraged. And they think, well, I got my home as a piggy bank. Why not take a bunch of cash out to, well They're stealing from themselves. Fund a Renovation or a pool or to pay off other debt. Like our friend here is asking Sam and it also puts your home at risk. Yeah. You missed that HELOC payment. Guess what? They can take your house. Well, It's just, when you really think about it, I'm like, okay, I buy a house. I gain equity in it over time. That's my money. And if I were to sell my house, I'd get my money. But if I borrow it now I have to bar again. I'm borrowing my own money. 'cause now I have to get my money.

(1h 53m 43s):
But I have to pay interest on it. It just makes me be like, well, why don't I just wait until I'm ready to sell this house and then I can just have my money. Mm. There's even a newer one, Jade. That's very frightening. I've seen this pitched online. People have sent this to me. What happens is these companies will say, Hey, here's a loan for a hundred thousand dollars. You don't need to pay us back until your home sales. And how much do you owe us? Well, it'll be a percentage. Oh. Of the home sale. Oh Man. And So you could be giving away 30, 40% of your home sale to this company for the pleasure of this loan. That Feels like it should be illegal. Yeah. And Even there's another company that will give you a credit card tied to your home equity. I've seen that. I've seen that. Oh, They're Just making easier And easier.

(1h 54m 24s):
And their market, they, their marketing is so good. They spend millions and millions of dollars a year to market these products to people on social media. Yeah. And they know their target demo and people fall for it thinking it was gonna be easy money. They don't read the fine print. And so if it looks like debt and it smells like debt, it's debt. Just run away. Just run away. Gosh. Yeah. Yeah. The, yeah. No matter how you slice it, if it's stealing your income, if it's causing you to make a payment every month, it's not good. I feel like ranking debt is like ranking gas station bathrooms. It is. It's like, this is not a fun thing to do. Although, I'll give a shout out to Bucky's. Their bathroom is, I mean, you could eat off the floors at Bucky's, I think.

(1h 55m 4s):
Don't, Nope. Don't try it. I wouldn't. But I'm just saying I feel like they're taking care of business over there. You Know what I, where I think always surprisingly has bad bathrooms. Like the bookstore, like Barnes and Noble. Oh yeah. Or like you go in there and you're like, what's happened here? There's a theory here. This is not for The Ramsey Show, but let me tell you, there's a theory that when you enter a Barnes and Nobles, it causes you to have a bowel movement. I, there's science behind It is, I don't know. It Is it, 'cause you went in with coffee, you, you like, I'm gonna get a coffee. I'm gonna have a book. Is the smell of books? I don't know. Just listen, don't bring your book in there with you. 'cause somebody's gonna have to buy that Later. We need answers. And we also need to rank gas station bathrooms. I'll work on that for my next YouTube video.

(1h 55m 45s):
Dave will love that one.

(1h 56m 16s):
Buying and selling a home is a big deal. And you want an expert in your corner fighting for you to get the right deal at the right price. That's why we only recommend Ramsey Trusted Real Estate Agents. They're handpicked pros who know their stuff. Listen to your needs and have your back from the first call all the way to closing day. To find a Ramsey trusted agent near you, visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.

(1h 57m 6s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell here with Jade Warshaw. The phone number to call is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Let's see if I can find the, our scripture and quote of the day. Here It is Philippians one nine. And this is my prayer that your love may overflow more and more with knowledge and full insight. Isaac Asimov said, those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. Hello all. That's brilliant. I'm not smart enough to feel that way, but once I know everything, I'll let you know. Jake. Yeah. Yes, please. When I hit that moment, When you hit that moment, Jack, it's like the older I get, the less I know.

(1h 57m 46s):
Oh. You know, there's just so much to know. When you're a little kid, you'd think and teenager. Yes. Think you know it all. Yeah, that's true. I know how to Google it. That's about it. I'm resourceful in that way. All Right. Allie is in Raleigh. Up next. What's going on Allie? Hi guys. So I recently found out that my boyfriend of a decade is in $80,000 of secret credit card debt. I knew he had 40 grand in student loans that he was slowly paying off. And he recently asked me to co-sign on a hundred thousand dollars HELOC on his home that he owns. My name is not on it, but I do live there. I've only lived there about the last two years.

(1h 58m 27s):
Oh my gosh. But Then he can pay off that credit card debt because he has maxed out every card and is pretty much at the end of his rope. How'd you find out about this? This Not telling me He hit the end of the rope. Oh Man. What is his addiction Cars? He runs his own classic car restoration shop and I thought he was making more money than he was. Apparently he wasn't. He was leveraging most of it on credit cards. He is excellent at what he does, but he is not good at the business side of things. He sees a car he wants, he gets it. He cycles through like three or four sports cars a year. Hmm.

(1h 59m 9s):
Interesting. Yeah, He sees, he sees a build, he buys it, he bills it, he gets bored with it, he sells it. Repeat, repeat, repeat. So you definitely told him you're not signing, co-signing the a hundred thou, the a hundred thousand dollars heloc, right? Yes. Because if he takes one of those sports cars and wraps her on the telephone pole, I'm stuck with his debt for the rest of my life. Yeah, that's one way to put it. For context, I did not live with him for the, for the majority of our relationship. I was on baby step six. I got in a nearly fatal car accident and my health insurance sued me personally to take back the half a million they spent on me. I lost my car, my house, my job.

(1h 59m 50s):
Oh wow. My life's savings. The only thing I was left with was my kids' college savings because they legally could not touch that. And I moved in with him. He took care of me after the accident. It took me like two years to learn to walk. Oh my gosh. Get out of a wheelchair, come out of a walker and get a job again. We lived on my life savings. That's where they all went. And then the health insurance took everything else. So I did consider the HELOC for a second because I felt like I owed him. But I cannot, I, I'm, I'm debt free. Yeah. Yes. No, I, let me, let me affirm that in you, you don't, if someone takes care of you, it's out of the goodness of their heart. And it's an act of generosity.

(2h 0m 31s):
And I am a firm believer that if somebody does something out of an act of generosity, they're not looking to be paid back. And it's, even if they were, this is not apples to apples. Okay. I'm sure that if something happened And We don't enable financial misbehavior because of that. That being said, I'm trying to say this delicately. I don't know if there is a way to put it delicately. You're Not. You don't have to be delicate. Okay. What's it matter to you? You're not married, you've kept your financial life separated. He does this, you do this, you know he has his house. So what's it to you? I lived in his house. I've lived in his house for the last two years because the health insurance company sued me and took mine.

(2h 1m 14s):
Right. I was 40 grand, no, 47 and a half away from paying off my own house. Got you. Are you working Full-time Now? I live there. I am working full-time, but my earning capacity is greatly reduced because I had final injuries. I have a TBI and I cannot work at the same capacity that I used to. So what do you mean? So I went from working, I make about $35,000 a year, dropping from the 70 I used to make. Okay. Right. But again, he has $80,000 in debt. Are you worried that he's gonna lose his house? No, he has And if loses his house, you lose your House. Yes. So he has 80 just in credit card debt. 40 in student loans. Got You. Are you sure this is all of the debt?

(2h 1m 56s):
Yes. We sat down and I made him show me. We pulled everything. We pulled a credit report. I said, I have to see everything because I'm currently paying all of our bills. Why are you paying the bills? Because he has nothing to pay them with. That was the end of the rope. Okay. So here, okay, again, 'cause again, I asked the question, how can I put this, there's no real lines around this relationship, so it's very hard for me to say, here's how you get involved financially in someone with that you're not married to. And a has really lied for the course of a decade. And the hard part is you're feeling like this person took care of me.

(2h 2m 37s):
There's two, there's two really emotional lines here that are hard for you. They took care of you when you needed it. Yeah. And you're kind of, if this goes south, you kind of feel like you're up a creek without a paddle because this is where you're living. Oh, I'm, I'm completely up a creek without a paddle because with, I don't have any family members that I can rely on. I don't have any, I don't have any friends anymore. A lot of them unfortunately turned out to be Fairweather friends. Mm. And that came out during my accident. I'm sorry, But, and I do not income, I'm sorry, income, but I do not make the minimum to get a house where I currently Yes. But you can't, if this is a dysfunctional relationship, you can't allow yourself to stay in a dysfunctional relationship for the financial benefit.

(2h 3m 18s):
And now that there's not one. Right. I would rather you, no, There's definitely not one. You feel like you're against a corner and I, I can see that and I can hear that. But I wanna encourage you to look and say you might, there might be other windows that allow you to get out of this. If you made more money, would you leave this relationship today Knowing what I did about hiding 80 grand in debt? Yes. Yes. Okay. So if that's the case, then why don't we go rent somewhere, find a roommate or two if we have to Yeah. And get to some stable ground where you're not attached to this anchor that's gonna continually drag you down. 'cause you're paying his bills and you're broke. Yeah. You can't afford that. Yeah. So you're not really gaining as much as you think.

(2h 3m 59s):
I'd rather you go pay a thousand bucks in rent and have two or three roommates. Yeah. That's the mortgage is 1100. Yeah. Girl. I've currently been doing that, looking around, you know, trying to find somewhere that's affordable. Most places, you know, I, I have an excellent credit score. I have an 18 credit score, so that's not the issue. So you could go rent anywhere right now? Right Then I would, I would, The problem is the three times the monthly rent and the average rent in my area is $2,500 a month. Okay. But George is also saying, is there a way that we can get a roommate situation? Yeah. I've, I've been looking. Okay. Keep, keep, keep the hunt up for So It it's a lot of hunting. Yeah.

(2h 4m 39s):
There's Facebook groups, there's all kinds of resources. You know, there's a bunch of great gals out there who would love a great roommate like Allie who can pay her fair share and more. And I think that's your situation to get out of this. Not staying in it because of desperation. He's made it clear. I mean, it's been a decade of this. He hasn't committed to you. Yeah. There's been no ring, no engagement. Yeah. Just secret debt lies. And so I don't know that this is, the ship's gonna turn around magically in the next year. It sounds like he has chosen his obsession over you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tell us a little bit more about your work situation again. So I was an emergency room nurse. I worked like 70 hours a week.

(2h 5m 20s):
But what you're doing now, I mean, and I now work doing maintenance surveying for my county. Okay. And the, your health is what's keeping you from doing more hours. I work full-time 40 hours a week. It's the physical aspect of it. So then let's, let's hook you up. Let's hook you up with some other prospects. We're gonna make sure you have proximity principal. We're gonna have you get, find the work you're wired to do. Because I think there's probably other jobs out there that are less physical that you can make more money doing for 40 hours a week. And so maybe getting you, Are there more administrative roles in a medical setting that you could do?

(2h 6m 3s):
I looked at it, but because of the TBI, sometimes I have issues with short-term memory. I have to write everything down. I have vertigo attacks. So sometimes anything that's a lot of like, But but you're working 40 hours a week now, which means there are things that you can do 40 hours a week. I'm pushing. Yeah. Yeah. So I just, I'm pushing through it. Wanna do something that maybe is not as taxing on you physically, but still gets you the hours and still gets you the money. We'll hook you up with the things that you need. Hang on the line ally.

(2h 6m 50s):
Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new Ramsey 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist. A quick start collection of how to get started walking the Ramsey plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money. I.