
Hey guys, this is Dave RAMSEY from The Ramsey Show podcast. If you're sick of money, stress, and tired of Living paycheck to paycheck, we're here to help. Check out our latest episode, streaming now on Amazon Music, brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend, the bestselling author, Dr. John Delony, and we are answering your questions about life, money, relationships, career, anything and everything. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. All Right, we're gonna go to the phones and is it Torin from Boston? Hey, welcome to the show. Hey guys. Thank you guys for taking my call. Absolutely. Is it Torin? Did I get that right? Yep. That that's perfect.


Awesome. What's, how'd we help? What's up? So, I'm an 18-year-old and I'm a senior in high school this year, and I wanted pretty much advice on what's come my parents about college. I've been watching you guys for a while now, and I know the biggest thing was, you know, don't go into debt, don't take out loans. If you can try and cash flow it. So I figured I would want to go to a cheaper school. I was in Massachusetts, so it's a community college is free. So I figured I would go there and I could transfer to a state school where it's an a hundred percent acceptance rate. After out of the community college I wanted to go to, and my parents were very against this idea. They wanted me to go play a sport in college and go to a private university. Okay. They told me that like, debt doesn't matter.


And yeah, I just wanted to make sure, you know, I was making the right decision because they don't agree with it. Are they paying for it? Yeah, I went to community college. No, they're not paying for it. Yeah, They don't get a vote. Then I brought that up, but they said they're gonna be kicking me out, so I'll have to pay for housing. And they also like take the car and my phone away. I mean, if they wanna throw a grownup temper tantrum, that's like the, that's like the most babiest thing I've ever, like, they Wait, I, yeah, I wanna know more why that's so, that's so, that's so that feels very extreme. Like it's one thing if your parents kinda like turn their nose up at community College of, 'cause they're educated New England. Of course. I totally get that. That's fine. It's like, oh my gosh. Can't believe you're gonna go to community college, but to kick you out and take your car on your phone. I mean, that's a, or If they said, Is there a religious element to this?


Like a, like to go to a Catholic school? I don't know. Or like any level of like a religion conviction there. No, I don't really understand why. They just said it would look bad on resumes and they think I'm making the wrong decision. They said I was being pretty rude about it. So I think that's why Well, if, if, if I, I, I have no problem with the parents saying, Hey, as for me and my house, you're going to this school and we're paying for it, and if you wanna go somewhere else, you're on your own. I I have no problem with that at all. That happens all the time. And if they say, Hey, in this house we go to Harvard and so we've created this fund and you're going to Harvard if you get in, I'm, I have no problem with that. If they tell you, you will not go to that school that you can afford, which is free, you will go take out loans and put yourself behind for the next 15 years of your life or 20 years of your life, depending on what private school you go to.


And if you don't do that, we're gonna take your cell phone night, we're gonna take our ball and we're gonna go home. We're not playing with you anymore. That just sounds like real childish, immature behavior. 'cause because what they're doing is they're, they're asking you to have all the skin in the game and they're just gonna sit on the sidelines and holler at you. I, I thought the same thing. I don't, I don't really know what their, their plan was for it. Is this i i This? Yeah. Is this out of character for them? Like, were you shocked by this? Or is this like, oh yeah, I can see mom and dad doing this. I already knew that they didn't want me living there after I was 18. They said they would help me out a little bit before it was definitely out of character for them to like, to, once they kind of like said, like my mom said I could keep the car.


My dad was very against keeping the car after that. But Were you being a jerk dude? Were you being an 18-year-old just like a turd? Or are you being kind and thoughtful? I will admit for like the first like 30 minutes talking about, I was very kind and peaceful and then I started to, I I was, I wasn't not as nice. I should have been to them All. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I spent my whole career working with 18 year olds. Go tell your parents you're sorry. All Right. Go be respectful. 18-year-old son and say, Hey, I got fired up and I acted like a kid and I'm sorry, I do not want to go into debt for college. And I respect your, I I respect you want your kids, you wanna be able to tell your friends that your kid graduated from this college. And I I get that. You don't, you don't like this. Don't Say that. That's disrespectful, isn't It? I know. That was me just having a little bit Don't a little bit of a mommy dick.


Don't say, but like, like she wants to be able to go to Bridge Club and tell like, well, my kid is Rachel. We used to call it, we used to call it the, we used to call it the soccer mom scholarship. I worked at one university. We would lose students, we would give somebody a half scholarship or, and I'm sorry, our, the tuition was, I'm making up a number 20 grand. Yeah. And they would go to another school that costs 50 grand, but they got a $1,000 JV soccer scholarship and we would lose them. Which is a Right, it's a, it's a $30,000 a year move. 120, do thousand dollars move To play JV soccer to say So that, so that parents could be like, oh, my, my kid's playing on a soccer scholarship. Yeah, right. It costs them money, like six figures.


Right. It's a thousand dollars scholarship. But I I would tell your parents you're sorry. And then you have to make it 18-year-old decision. Yeah. And torn, let say this too. Okay. And John's the education nerd, he loves education. So he can maybe back me up on this just, just for perspective. So you're in Boston and I, we have friends that came from that area and the way, even the nor the northeast, I would say even specifically the way they view education, there is a, there is a high premium, high regard. Like it is, it is everything. When we come to the south, it's Important. Say it, say it, Rachel, it's Important, but it's not life. Like, like there's a belief of like, you can scratch and claw and start a business and be as successful as the guy that has the college degree.


Like, or that, you know, I mean, whether you go to college or not, there's kind of a mike row, like just kind of get in there and you, you figure it out and you can still be successful, but it doesn't have this air about it. Which I'm not saying all New Englands have that, but I, but I do think as an 18-year-old that's growing up in that environment, I mean, you're in Boston, like it's so, just know there's a world outside of that. Sure. Not that we have it right, necessarily. Yeah. I'm not saying that. But, but you can be successful. You can meet people and network outside of a college. Like there are ways to live life that is not one path of just, it has to be this prestigious education. If you don't get this, it's gonna look bad on resumes. You're never gonna get a job, you're gonna be homeless and you're gonna die. Like that's not the, that's not the route, that's not right.


So just know there is, there is more to life outside of possibly the bubble in which education is talked about in your family and For whatever it's worth do. But John loves it. So just it maybe He'll, he'll talk. But I've, I've got a, I've got a, I think one of the most mission-minded institutions in the United States is, can be found inside of community colleges and for whatever it's worth. My mom, Dr. Delony, the first Dr. Delony was my mother who graduated in her fifties with her PhD, started at a community college as a tenured full professor. Yeah. Right. So, so you can, here's what you can do with a community college education. Anything you want to Yep. Period.


Maybe you have to work harder to get job number one. Fine. But by the way, you're gonna transfer out, right? You'll go to a state school or to a private, wherever you end up on a transfer out, right? Yeah. There's a, yeah, there's a program called Mass Transfer and it guarantees acceptance as well as some other scholarships. As long as you maintain a certain grade one average in community college, man, That's good. And, and You are right on. And, you know, And for fun too torn, like, just run some numbers on the ROI of the private college that you'd go into debt for average interest rate on a student loan, how long that would probably take you to pay off when you, if you got outta school with an average, maybe an above hour average salary, let's say run those numbers out, having to repay that, starting in a financial whole significantly six figures probably for this school versus getting through it debt free, doing the free community college, working, saving up, graduating from state school, starting off and starting to invest the moment you get your first paycheck because you're gonna have money and not be in a hole financially from the math perspective, who comes out ahead?


Oh yeah. Especially, especially getting started. Alright. Yeah. And, and for everybody listening, Good for you. Torn. I'm, I'm proud of you for think outside the box, but be nice to your parents. Be yeah. Be respectful. Treat your parents with dignity and for everybody. I love private schools. I, I've worked at multiple private schools. I would love for my kids, like I love private schools. I just don't like parents lobing grenades at their kids and saying, Hey, to prop us up, you go do this thing that's gonna cost you 10, 20 years of your life for making us feel good. I don't like that.


I have high standards. I don't cut corners and I only recommend the best. That's why I partnered with SimpliSafe Home Security for over 10 years. They're the industry leader. SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security System by US News and World Report for five years straight. They've also been ranked number one in customer service among home security providers by both Newsweek and USA today. And they're the innovators in the technology too. Their active guard outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. And simply save. Agents can see and speak to potential intruders to help stop trouble before it even makes it to your door. And the best part is protecting your loved ones with SimpliSafe won't break the bank. Monitoring starts at around a dollar a day. Your first month is free and they offer a 60 day money back guarantee. Plus right now you'll get 50% off a new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring. So head to SimpliSafe direct.com to save 50%. That's SimpliSafe direct.com. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We're going to Chris in Dallas, Texas. Hey Chris, welcome to the show. Hey, how are you guys? We're doing great. How can we help? So my girlfriend of just over a year now moved in about five months ago from her grandmother's who has, you know, supported her for context. I'm 26 and she's about to be 25. I do have a career at the moment and currently pay all the bills and it's kind of become a weight on me that she isn't really contributing Because she was looking, doesn't have a job. So I looking for Advisor, well she works part-time in, back in February, she started a certification course to be a pharm tech.


Okay. And since then she discovered that the certification alone doesn't get her very much in the job market. So she's working on the test, but it's, you know, kind of slow going. So what, what did she say when you sat down and talked to her about this? She just, she just isn't motivated. I mean, it's not something that she feels that she needs to do or has to do and I'm having trouble with that, So That's fair. So yeah, There's another adult In the relationship that's not right. Both of you are correct right now she doesn't have to do anything because she gets to play house with you and you pay all the bills.


She gets to live an imaginary life Together. You know, we jumped the gun on that. I do agree, but the situation did also call for it. Her grandmother had to downsize and she was on social security. So. Well, I, I mean, it just, what it Is, I take that upon myself, but No, no, no. I mean, I'm just saying, I'm saying I'm, I'm not, I'm not trying to be judgy. I'm just saying she's got a cush situation and so Yeah. She's right to say I don't have to because she doesn't, you're still, you, you, you're not gonna kick Her out. I I I, I lived with my mother a couple years ago, but I decided I wanted, wanted more for myself. That's right. So Chris, does this change from a relationship standpoint? This's the problem, this Yeah. And this is, I I mean, call me old school. This is where the complication happens when you act like you're married and you're not.


Right. And, and you're moving in together. Right. And all of it, like, it, it, this is what ends up happening. That it's not as easy as like, oh, I found this kind of thing about, yeah, my girlfriend, this is an integrity issue. This may be a deal breaker, but I I need to figure it out on a couple more hangouts. And now, now I'm gonna call it quits. Now it's much harder to call it quits when she's, when she's living there. Right. So, right. So this is part of that complication. So, so does it, does it give you as the, as the kids would call it, a beige flag or a red flag when it comes to like her work ethic and who she is? Like are you starting to see other parts of her that concern you for a long-term relationship? Well, The thing is, I see myself in her from a few years ago.


So I was, you know, in the same situation with my mom. But I had that realization. Unfortunately, I don't know how to come, how to help her come to that point. So, so It's two, two old married people will tell you you can't, you can't. And that was thousands of dollars of therapy that you Just cut that I, we give that you for free. The earlier and quicker you can realize you can't make somebody that you love and care about come to any sort of realization. And you can't think, oh, if I can just have the right phrase, the light bulb will come on. Right. If I can just have that right. That right. Sit down, she'll see it. If I just say it the right way Or I want something, I wanted something more for my life and now look at me.


That's not how most of the world works. Yeah. Most people wanna take the easiest path possible and she has that with you. Right. But my guess is that beyond the money part, like going back to what Rachel was saying, this is an integrity issue. This is a character issue. This is like, oh my gosh, this is gonna show up with kids, this is gonna show up with when one of, when my mom is trying travel like for holidays with, it's like, yeah, it's always gonna be a thing that she didn't wanna do it. She's just not going to, and we're seeing that in real time. She doesn't want more for her life and that's hard to stomach it. And again, Chris, we're not talking about that. We're saying, oh my gosh, she has to like go be this like boss babe and go make, you know, six figures. No, no, no. She just needs to like, pay bills.


Well, Even than it's like a very, y'all had an agreement that like, forget the working part. Like y'all made an agreement. Yeah, That's true. Yeah. Here's who we're gonna, we're gonna move in together and here's who we're gonna be. And she, five or six months in, she's like, yeah, I'm not doing that. Were the, were the expectations, Chris pretty clear moving in or if she was on the phone, would she say, no, that's not what we talked about. What would she say? I mean, I explained that I would take care of her until she got her stuff together. But, so the, you know, the agreement was that she would, but now at this point, you know, she's, she moved in at her friend's temporarily and she thinks that that's the better option, but I don't see that as the case.


You said she moved in with her friends. I, we need to figure out how how to, I'm sorry. She moved in with her friends. Right. And her friend has all her bills paid by her parents. So she, she's moved out where Y'all live. Oh, y'all aren't living together anymore As of a few days ago. Oh Wow. Did y break up or did you kick her out? What happened? No, just I, I confronted her about it again and She got mad and left little sensitive. Okay. Oh wow. So Chris, over Chris, you've made a lot of more moves than I was thinking. Good for you. Well now I'm, you know, wondering My Losses or which that's not up to y'all, but Yeah. I, I, here, here's the thing.


I I want you to have a, a little bit of time just with Chris, Right. And I want you to actually sit down and be honest with yourself. And it's gonna be tough because you're emotional, you feel pain, you love this person, you care about this person. You had, here's the hardest part, you had plans with this person, right? You started creating pictures for tomorrow and this person was in those pictures and then it was revealed, this person doesn't want that same life that you want. And then this person just bailed on you when you said, Hey, I wanna sit down and have this conversation. And so just because something hurts doesn't mean it's not the right move.


But I want you to be honest with yourself. And by the way, me and my wife broke up three or four, I dunno, five times when we were dating. So that doesn't mean it's over either, but Yeah. And she has popped out before, you know, she just, she gets scared Okay. Of her emotions I think. And you know, but I think the deeper question is, what's this life we're building together? What's it gonna look like? And is she the kind of person you wanna build a life with? And I think you having the courage to be honest and say so far no. 'cause when the going gets hard, you kind of just don't wanna do anything. And she might say, I want someone that's just gonna take care of me and do whatever I want whenever I want it. And I wanna be a princess. And you can say, amazing. It's not gonna be my, I don't wanna ride or die like that.


And you get to choose, you both get to choose that. Right? Right. And that, that may mean that both of you end up heartbroken for a season. Yeah. Sounds like that's it. But I hate it for you. Well, that's okay. Can I tell you suppose most people wouldn't have the courage to do what you did to sit down and say, Hey, here's what we agreed on. Here's what I want, are you still in? And she said, no, most people go ahead and go ahead and get married. And they figure this out in you're five or six or seven with two kids when they're just, they've had enough. Yeah. But that doesn't make your pain today feel any better.


I'm sorry man. I hate it for you. That's All Right. I hate it for you. I appreciate y'all Time. Can I give you, can I give you one homework assignment? Sure. How old are you again? 26. You say 26, Right? I want you tonight by yourself. No alcohol, nothing. I want you to write a letter to 30-year-old Chris. Okay? Okay. And I want you to tell him the things that you started to do today so that he could have the life he had when he was 30. And if she's in that picture, then go call her tomorrow. But I want you to be clear about what you want your house to feel like, the partnership you have with a romantic partner. I want you, like, financially, what is this thing gonna look like when you're 30 and what must be true today?


So you can begin taking those steps. You're just gonna reverse engineer it, but I want you to write a letter to yourself, okay? Put it in a drawer somewhere and open it when you're 30. But this, it's a way to get your head out of this, this immediate pain and this immediate motion and get your head back up on the horizon and say, okay, what needs to be true for tomorrow? Okay. Okay. I'll give that a try. All Right. Appreciate you, man. Thanks Chris. Best of luck to you. Yeah. And always remember when you're setting a very reasonable boundary or expectation for someone, you're not being cruel. No. Like, this is, this is the world and we have to pay bills, we have to do things, right. So you're not asking this like insane request, right?


I mean, this is, this is pretty basic stuff, Chris. So I don't want you to feel like the bad guy in it. I mean, seriously, it's, I dunno, it's, it's pretty basic. But I'm, I'm, I'm proud of you and like really encouraged that you had the courage to set that boundary in a, hopefully a very kind way, which I think you did. You seem like a great guy. So sorry Chris. But glad you called in. Hope we could help.


As an investor and a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news Timothy Plan offers investments for people who want to be intentional about where their money goes. As a pioneering force and biblically responsible investing. Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by four side fund services, LLC.


Okay guys, I got big news. Aldi is now the official grocery sponsor of The Ramsey Show. Yeah, RAMSEY is teaming up with Aldi, the grocery store that cares as much about saving money as I do get this Aldi branded products save you up to 63% over similar name brand products at other stores. It's great quality and big savings on everything you need with no gimmicks, no membership fees or coupons required. See for yourself how Aldi is saving Americans across the country. $8.3 billion a year. So stop paying more and start shopping at Aldi where they have the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at Aldi, us. That's a ldi us


This is The Ramsey Show. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Hey, listen, if you are concerned about the economy and you just see your neighbor pulling into their, your, your nice middle class neighborhood in a car that you like, how do you, how, how are you affording that? Why would you do, why? And you just wish people around. You had the wisdom of this show for no money. You don't have to, you don't have to send any money. You know, all you have to do is like, or subscribe the show. It puts the show up into the algorithms and it kicks it into the feeds of your neighbors, into their podcast feeds, into their YouTube feeds.


It just sends the show everywhere. And the more people who subscribe and like, and I know it's a pain in the butt and I know it, it sometimes you have to log in. It's worth it for everybody. It puts the show in front of more people. And so for everybody it's a, it's a, it's a, it just doesn't cost anything to help out your Neighbor. And, and share, share the podcast though too. Yeah. I mean, I get my crime podcasts that I listen to from friends even here at the office. We'll send each other podcasts that we love. So if you love It or if there's an episode you think, oh, my mom needs to hear this, send it to her. Right. That's, or a buddy that, that, ah, this marriage sounds like yours. Send it to em. Be be careful and make Sure to tell 'em That. Be careful with that, but yeah, that's right.


Hey, let's go out to Honolulu and talk to the MAX. What's up Max? Hey, how are you doing? Thank you for taking my call. You. You bet man. Was calling Call. How's Hawaii Max? It's nice. It's nice, Sunny. Sounds Wonderful. You're not Max Holloway, are you one of my heroes? No. All Right, what's up? All Right. I was calling because I, something happened where my brother kind of holds a lot of anger towards me. 'cause I, he got fired from his job and I had to take it over and I'm getting ready to move out now and I'm worried it's gonna cause like more family disconnect. So I'm just trying to get some help, like navigating the situation.


Is It a family business? It's like fi it's like a financial and family thing. I mean, or the business? No, it's, it's somebody we know that he worked for. What is it? What kind of draw? What kind of business is it? It's a, it's a pool cleaning job. Okay. Like, I take home like about like 50 years. So it's pretty good. 50 a year. And why, why did he get fired? He had gone on a trip for an extended leave and I was covering it for him and the boss at the end of it decided to fire him and offered me the job. Oh man. So you did a better job? I, I don't know. Oh, it was just like, he didn't like break a rule. You just out cleaned the pools and the boss was like, I kind of want you instead.


Yeah. There, There were some issues with him and that's was a part of it. Okay. I wasn't sure if my brother would even be let back after anyways, but Yeah. Okay. So what, what, what is his beef with you? That, that you weren't right or die like? Yeah, forget these guys. Is that the, is that the beef? I think, I think what happened was he's just feeling like he lost out on a good opportunity. He Did. And he wasn't a good worker. He Wants somebody to blame for it and it's me. He wants to blame me for it instead of himself. All Right. And I, I will, I'm okay with that. The main issue is his, the money from the job helps financially support my family.


I come from like a single mom household and I'm 19. I'm, I'm trying to move out and be on my own, which would mean that I wouldn't have the same amount of money for my mom anymore. And I'm worried that's gonna create even more of a family disconnect. So I don't really know what to do. What's your mom? Do She clean? She's a cleaner. She, she works like two jobs cleaning. Okay. How much does she make? I'm not sure exactly. I think, I think I went over it with her one time. Okay. How much does she, how much difference does she need? Does she, like how much are you covering the bills in the house? I'm contributing about, it was about $1,500 that I was paying off some debt on the water bill. And then now it's like to about 1300, I pay some of rent.


I buy all of our food and I, I cover the, the water. Is she, does she have other struggles, max? No, I mean, I think Like with addiction and her, with mental health challenges younger. Do what? No, I, I I don't, sorry, what was that? Did, did, I'm asking does she have Oh, No, not, not with addiction or mental health? No. Okay. So she just, Yeah. Why, why have you become the caretaker of your, of your, of your mom? I I think it's just, it's really expensive here and it's hard to afford to live out here if you aren't making hundreds of thousands of dollars a year.


Exactly. And I have two, the, the main thing is that I, my mom, I think she'd be fine on her own, but I have two younger sisters and that's where I feel weird leaving. I feel like I'm abandoning them. How old are they? They're 11. They turned 11 yesterday. Hmm. Is it at a point where you need to sit down with your mom and have a hard conversation about the financial realities? So, So I have Okay. About six months ago, and I've been keeping up, I told her six months ago, I plan on moving out in March. Okay. And she hasn't really done any much action towards like, figuring out another situation. So I don't know, like if I should just stay and keep helping so that we can stay, they can stay in their house, or if I should just go on and, you know, put my oxygen mask on before theres, you know, Man.


Well, I just feel like Max, that, I mean, you've put yourself in a caretaker's role at 19, you know what I mean? Yeah. For, and it's, and it's heroic, right? In one sense. I mean, you've really stepped up and helped your mom, but this will be your whole life unless something else changes. And I feel like that's unfair to you and your life and your future family to feel like you have to be the one to carry this burden. And, and I understand obviously why that is, but long term, I just don't think it's, it's fair for you to play this role. I, yeah, I, I think I've, I've come to a similar conclusion.


I just feel like I'm, I'm like, Sure what? Like what? Yeah. What do you do? Is your mom like lose the house with your two little sisters, right? Yeah. And then it's like, where do they go? We have family here and I'm sure they could move in with my grandparents or something, but Hold on, hold on. Your mom also plays a, an integral part of this. If you told me, Hey, my mom really struggles with addiction and my mom struggles with some mental or emotional health disorders, then I would tell you like, man, life handed you a mess and it's just, it, it might be a season, right? It may be that you're gonna stay at home for a few years and see these, these young girls until they get older, right? That's not the case. Your mom's making some choices on a daily basis as to where she's gonna work and how much money she's gonna make and what she's going to ask of her 19-year-old son.


And so you're making decisions for an adult and that's not your job. Your job is, unfortunately, you've been cast in the role to make sure your 11-year-old little sisters have food and water, which is never your job. But here we are, right? And so, man, you're a, you're a, you're a man of noble character, but I want you to hear what Rachel's saying. Five years from now, what would be better for you to have started pool cleaning and also gone to get a couple of community college classes on the side. And five years from now you've got an associate's degree and now you've got four employees of your own and you're making $200,000, or you're still making $50,000.


This guy had to lay you off because business got slow and now you're making $35,000 and you're in the same bedroom in the same house except you're 24 years old. Like, if you think on a, on a longer time horizon, what's the best thing you can do for your family? It might be to go spread your wings at fly. I think. I think so too. I think I just needed some, like, I didn't enough feel like I was crazy or leaving. No, You're not crazy. You know, you're gonna feel guilty because It sounds unkind, right? It sounds Unkind. You're gonna feel guilty. Yeah. Like it sounds like, oh my gosh, I'm abandoning my family, but what I wanna relieve you of is that was never supposed to be your role. And like John said, if there was like a dire situation of something, that's another conversation.


But, but yeah, I mean, like, it's, it's, it's a, it's a grownup problem that your mom, who has two daughters at home should be the one calling the show and saying, right, what do I do? I can't pay my bills. What do I need? What can I do? And looking at her budget and all of that. And I think you can help guide that Max, but you can't even change the way she handles money either because you, you don't have that ability. We don't have the ability to change people. Here's where I think you can get some peace in this transaction. Okay? Number one, you're gonna feel guilty. Just know that's coming. Okay? You may have heard me say this on the show. Choose guilt over resentment every time. If you just stay there and with her, you're gonna resent your mom and that's not fair to her. So choose guilt. The second thing is come up with a number and sit down and tell your mom for six months I'm gonna send a thousand dollars home.


I'm gonna send $750 home. And make sure that everybody's clear on when this money's coming and give her a ramp. You'll sleep a little better at night, I think. And it's gonna be not a, just a cutoff, but it will be a, a peaceful departure. I'm sorry my brother. Let us know if we can help.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xander is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. The question of the day comes from why refi The Ramsey Show. This is one of our new sponsors, which we, we love because if you are in default with private student loans, you need to contact y refi. And obviously we don't encourage letting your go, your loans go into default. We teach responsibility, but these amounts have some of you struggling and there is a way forward. So why refi was created for people in your situation. So go to y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Alright, today's question comes from Justin in Virginia. Justin writes, how can I stop being jealous of how much my siblings and in-laws earn? My wife and I have no debt and a really good household income. We're happy in our careers. We're not missing out on anything due to how much we earn. I just can't figure out how to not be so triggered and frustrated by other people's income. Wow. It's a very self-aware question. Very interesting. Yes. Yeah. What do you think, Rachel? Gosh. And I'm curious how he, I wonder if he knows the actual number of the income or if he is making up a story in his head that they're making a ton 'cause of how they're living.


Gotcha. Because lifestyle and income are obviously two different things. So I'd be curious on that. What's causing you to think that they're earning more? Is it 'cause of how they live their life? And kind of the suck part is when you live your life responsibly for a season, it's not gonna look flashy. Eventually you'll start to build wealth and you can enjoy it. But there is kind of that season of, of grounding, which is where you guys are. But if you know the number and you're like, Oh no, they make half a million or whatever. Crazy a year. I mean, I, I have learned John, when moments like that come up for me, and it's not income necessarily, it could be, but I don't, I don't hear people's income a lot, but a situation that they're experiencing, something that I wanna experience as much as I can muster up just celebrating them.


It's amazing how that fades quickly. Where the eyes off are off of me. My eyes are off of me. And you can just be excited for somebody. Yeah. Right. Genuinely, and it doesn't always come easy, I don't think, but when you can just be happy for them and hopefully maybe they're in a great career that's helping other people or something. I don't know that you can find like the silver lining in what they're doing and being excited. But the fact that you're being triggered constantly, I I'm, I'm wondering, you know, your level of contentment is, is obviously not fully baked. Right? Yeah. I've, I have found that I always wanna pull the string that's attached to that story and somewhere in Justin's heart and mind, the dollar amount that you earn every year is attached to value how much you're worth.


Yep. Yep. And somebody told you that somewhere, and I found it helpful to get to the, like, where did that story come from? Dad used to tell older brother how great he was because he made $6 an hour. I only made $5. Like whatever that story is. Yep. But the other thing is, I think you're right. I think Justin would be pretty cool to out of the blue write your siblings a letter and just say, I just need, you know, I'm so proud of you. I see how hard you're working and I see what an amazing, and instead of when you feel that jealousy, our tendency is to pull away instead of go towards that person to celebrate 'em. And our bodies have a way of, of adjusting for that proximity.


Like we're, we're in support and it just over time realizes I don't have to, we're not in competition. I don't have to fight you. I have a great life. One other quick thing, often when you are creating a life, I'll say it like this, that is less alive when you are in a, we go to work, we make this much money. That's a great point. We have this couch, we have this house, we have this car. We are supposed to be happy here. It's easy to put your eyes up and start looking for what other people have that you don't. And it often, over the course of my life, when I found myself jealous in certain places, it has often brought me and my wife back to the table to say, what life are we creating for ourselves?


And where do we find excitement and aliveness and adventure and joy in our home? 'cause it's not it, I'm starting to look for other places. Yes. Right. Yep. And it almost always comes back to we've become co-managers of our house. Such a great, that's a good point. And so the stagnant like being stagnant Yeah. In life. And I think we've gone through season of that, of that. Yeah. You look up and you're like, oh my gosh, we've just been doing the same thing. And there's not as much laughter or joy. It's a lack of a ality. That's right. That's right. But when you say, no, we're putting the phones away, we're doing family game night and we're gonna do this stupid game. That's so silly. But everyone ends up laughing, right. You just do these things and, and they don't have to be expensive. I mean, gosh, it was last break before the summer though.


I think it was spring. And we took all the kids and we went to a local high school like parking lot randomly with bikes. And they still talk about it. They're like, do you remember we rode bikes in a parking lot? And I was like, you ride bikes all the time. But it was like this, like, I don't know, it was so like, it was so small and insignificant, but to them, right? It brought this like other magic of like this new place or whatever it was for them. But it's those things. And again, it doesn't have to cost money. You have to go, you don't have to go travel to Europe to do that. Like find find it in your home. 'cause gosh, we need it. All of us. Right? All of, especially this time of year, election season and everything, we're just like, oh my gosh, gimme some levity and enjoyment with, with the people that you love and find those brothers. But, but it's recognizing levity and joy for 99% of us is AdChoices.


Yeah. There are people in abusive situations. Yes, there are people who are deep poverty. Yes, there are people who in are abjectly on the margins. Yes. But for most of us, we go home and we look at our spouse and we choose what happens next. We choose how we respond. We choose our frustration. We choose to not pick up the trash, not put our clothes away. We choose to just watch tv, just sit there on our phones. All of those are choices. And that means we can choose something different. Yep. Love it. And so Justin, I I challenge you to sit down with your wife and y'all reimagine your life and you might end up in the exact same space, but the exercise of reimagining it, what adventures do we wanna create inside of our own home?


Yep. Even for no money, what does that look like? Totally. It, it can rearrange everything and write your siblings a a letter, a handwritten, that's a good exercise hand. How freaking proud of them you are. It's so cool. It's gonna swallow some pride to do that right? When you're, when you're in a state of, Or it opens your heart up and you realize it does. But but it's, that takes a, okay. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna celebrate something that is not always fun for me. Right. But you start to learn it. So good. All Right, up next we have Dan in Eugene, Oregon. Hey Dan, welcome to the show. Hi, Rachel. Hey John. How are you? We're doing great. How are you? I'm, I'm well. Oh. Had a not Great rough number of years. I guess my, my question, my question for you is how do I calculate when I can feasibly retire and or when I can start to plan a second career?


And the, the rough years is I'm about three years into being a widow widower. Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you. I have three kids, two of them will go to college. I owe three 80 on my house. And, and it, it, I sort of as I was sort of looking at as, I don't know, I guess getting our lives back in order over the last number of years, they, it, one of the, the RAMSEY quotes of why don't they teach us stuff in school is of like, you know, how, how do you even calculate Right?


What, what is the right trajectory? And now that I'm doing it for a loan, one and two is for myself. It's a a, a loan I guess I should say, or as a single person. Sure, sure. Yep. How old are you, you Dan? I'm 48. 48, okay. Hey Dan, before Rachel's gonna walk you through the numbers of it, can I challenge you on something? Yeah. And this might be a harder exercise than the, the math problem. Sure. But I would love for you to spend some time and unfortunately I don't know that you can do this with anybody other than just taking Dan out on a retreat. But I would love for you to figure out or ask yourself what do you want it to feel like when you walk in your front door at the age of 55?


Yeah, that's good because I want you to ask yourself what kinda life do you want to have at 55? Because that's gonna determine the math problem. Yeah. 'cause I think when you get to the numbers really quick, Dan, we only have about 40 seconds, so I'm sorry for the short call it, it's gonna be looking at what do you have in retirement now? And then averaging out, you know, average returns, 10 to 12%, whatever that looks like. And knowing your lifestyle to, to John's point, how much is it gonna take to run your household at retirement and what is it gonna look like to be able to, to, you know, you have to calculate inflation and all of that. Now if you have not sat down with the Smart Vestor Pro, I would do that. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and find one in your area. 'cause I wanna be able, able to see all of your numbers, everything that you have in retirement, including this house and what's gonna be the best bet to get you in a place.


But again, it's, it's lifestyle, it's return on the market and inflation that goes up every year is kind of determining factors. So thanks for the call. Thanks to everyone in the booth. John, thanks for a great hour. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I'm Jade Warshaw and I wanna talk to you for a second about student loan refinancing. Okay. If your payment and interest rate are burying you and you feel like you can't dig out refinancing your student loan might make sense because a lower rate could help you free up more money in your budget. And a shorter term could help you pay down your debt faster. So reach out to the student loan refinancing experts today@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY. There you'll find helpful resources like a student loan rate table, a refinancing calculator, and other tools. Plus you can get an initial rate in just a few minutes. Laurel Road offers low competitive rates starting under 5%. You can even get your interest rate lower if you sign up for auto pay. If your situation is more complex though, sign up for a free 30 minute consultation with one of their student loan refinancing experts to get your tough questions answered. Listen, not everybody should refinance their student loan, so make sure you run the numbers, but for some people it's the right move. Learn more@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY.


Live from Nashville, Tennessee. This is The Ramsey Show where we talk about your money, your loves, your relationships, and your life. I'm John Delony, joined by number one bestselling author Rachel Cruz. And we are taking your calls on just about everything. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5, Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. If you're joining us in the Ramsey Network app, welcome. We are glad you are here. Let's go out to Detroit Rock City and talk to Ken. What's up Ken? Hey, how are you guys doing? Dude, We're rocking onto the break of dawn, brother. What's up? All Right. I guess my question would be that here in Detroit we have a pretty good income, one income household family of three kids married, and it just seems like Living paycheck to paycheck can't seem to get ahead and just kind of almost feel like we're struggling here.


Yeah. When you say pretty good income, WWII found on this show, some people think that means a million bucks and some people may think that means 40,000. What, what's a pretty good income? We're we're at about 2 75 to 300 KA year with my income. Okay. In Detroit, right? Yes. Yep. Yeah. We we classify that as pretty good or in the global sense. The top of the top of the top teeny tiny percent of one. Yeah. So you're crushing. That's great. So Ken, what's, so you're saying that you feel like you guys are still Living paycheck to paycheck even with this. Have you guys dug into any numbers? Do you, do you know why that this is happening?


Yeah, I'm pretty, I, I, I try to stay up on the numbers and I, and we got a lot of debt. We got a lot of student debt. I went back to school for anesthesia, so I'm a nurse theist. Oh yeah. Okay. So I'm sitting on probably, I'm right about 181,000 in student loan debts still. Okay. What, what other debt is there? So we got that, we owe 200,000 on the house. 203,000. Okay. On the house. We at one point took out a 401k loan, which we still owe 45,000 on. Okay. I have a HELOC loan, which another 17,000 on that.


Okay. And about 20,000 in credit cards. Okay. What about cars? Cars? We have two leases. They were both three year leases. One we still owe 13,000 on and the other one we owe 10. How much a month are you guys paying those leases? How much are the payments? One of the payments is four 15 a month, and the other one's about four 60. About a thousand bucks. Yeah. Yeah. All Right. Rachel's gonna walk you through this. Can I just, can I tell you something? I, I've spent a lot of my career sitting behind closed doors with medical professionals. Yeah. And can I tell you, you're not crazy. Is that cool? I mean, I've, you're not nuts.


Yeah. I mean, that helps. Here's what you've done. You've done exactly what they told you to do. Yeah. Okay. They gave you some, some, some quippy things like cars are depreciating assets. You never wanna own 'em, so just lease 'em. You're gonna buy new ones anyway. You gotta buy a house that looks like this because they can't take it away from you. If you ever, you know, get in super trouble and hey, yeah, if you can make this money, but you gotta go back to school. Of course you do. And, and it just keeps going and going. And you look up and you make, you know, a little over a quarter million dollars a year and you can't breathe. And it doesn't make any sense. So hearing me say you're not nuts, also hear me say you can get out of, like, the path out of this is not difficult.


It'll be, it'll suck, but it's not hard. Okay. But it's gonna take two years of you deciding to live a radically different life for just 24 months or so, maybe 36 months, but I think 24 months given you can work extra shifts and I think you can clean this up and set an entirely new trajectory for your home. Because what your home doesn't have right now, you've got everything in your house, you don't have any peace. Yeah. Is that fair? Yeah. No, that's, that's, that's correct. Okay. If you, if you and your wife can settle on that being the goal, not the cars, not the house. Not if you settle on, I wanna walk in from work and I want everyone to be happy that I'm here. I wanna walk in from work with a smile on my face, not with my head slumped over.


It's gonna take about 24 rough months and you can get there. Yeah. Okay. I just know too many people who are too many people in the medical profession who are dropping their kids off for college and they still have their own student loans. That's just madness. Right. Yeah. It's madness. Those are my friends by the way, bro. Like, it's just, it just is. Yeah. So you're not crazy. All Right. Yeah. And Ken, and I think y'all's situation too, it, it is the perfect picture of just like this lifestyle creep, right? I'm like, you're just, you just a little bit here, a little bit there at a car, go on vacation, go out to eat, like we're just making good money. 'cause you're bringing home probably what, 28,000 a month or so? Yeah. I mean, and it depends too. 'cause I can, I mean that, that's with a little bit of overtime, but Yeah.


But like it's Consistent, you Know? Yeah, yeah. But you look at that just your monthly take home and you're like, man, yeah, it, it, you know what I mean? Like there's, there's a lot you can do with it. But also, like John's saying, the normalization of like, yeah, but we could spend that. I mean, you know, it's, it's the classic idea that your income is not the issue for most people. It is your money habits and the way that you handle your money. And so that magnification is exactly what you guys are experiencing. So it's like, yeah, we'll get two nice cars, we'll do this, we'll get a little bit more debt and it's just payment payment, payment payment, payment payment. So a lot of this income is going to these payments. So clearing all of it up I think is key. And I think you and your wife sitting down just as a experiment and just say, what if we made a hundred grand?


Which again is above the average household income that is 80 grand. Yeah. Nobody's starving. So even a fun, you know, even more of a fun exercise. Just put 80 grand and say, okay, if we brought in 80 grand a year, what it comes out to per month, how, how can we live on that? Like live on that And then extra from that of what you actually bring in is gonna be thrown at the debt or whatever it looks like. But just, you know, I think it's always a fun experiment for married couples to sit down and do this, like play the income game and just see how much can we actually, if we had to do this, how much, what would our life look like if we had to live on 60 grand a year, on 50 grand a year on 70 grand a year? And then the great thing about you can is that's not what you guys are making.


So the margin is there, it's just the choice of lifestyle. And so getting your lifestyle wrapped and under control is gonna be number one. And it is going to feel like a shock because it's not gonna be going out to eat. It's gonna be shopping at Aldi, not Whole Foods. It's gonna be, I mean, you're gonna be living, right, like you're making 70 to 80 and that's how you're gonna clean it up. You're not gonna clean it up by just kind of here and there and we'll just, we'll kind of do it, but we're still gonna go, we're gonna still go on vacation, we're still gonna go out to the nice, you know, date nights that we want and drop 200 bucks. Like you can't do that. Like if you're gonna do this, you have to radically do it. And so you and your wife sitting down and saying, okay, here's our budget for the next two years.


And mapping that out and mapping out your lifestyle. And then from there, starting to pay off these debts, smallest to largest. And what's wild again about that income coming in, I'm like, you know, you guys could clean up the HELOC in two to three months. You could clean up all the credit card debt in two to three months. I mean, like, you could make a lot of really big progress, Ken, if you guys decide to do it. And then the hope on the other end, we always talk about you live like no one else. It's not gonna be fun. But you guys can do this. Even the big mountain of the $180,000 student loan, you know, you know you can get it cleaned up and if you live like no one else later, you're bringing in 30, you know, 30 grand a month with no payment. You can Do whatever you want. Payment.


Yeah. You can do whatever you want. And Now you get to do whatever you want. Yeah. But I would see, you know, talk to the car company and look at your leases. Leases are always a little bit more confusing of the buyout and everything, but if you can get out of those, I mean, just do what you can to dwindle down this debt like as fast as possible, Ken. And you guys will see the progress. It's just gonna be up to you all if you wanna really do this. But the math is there. It's gonna work. Math math is easy and you're gonna take every shift. You're gonna Ms. Little league games. You're gonna do whatever it takes for 24 months And make crap ton of money and pay This off. Y'all are free forever. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. Alright, I'm about to say what everyone already knows, but budgeting is a good thing to do now, actually starting. Well, that's where people freeze up and you guys, it doesn't have to be that way. With the EveryDollar budgeting app getting started is super easy and sova sticking to it. You can set up your first budget in less time than it takes to go through the Chick-fil-A drive-through. It's fast. And the best part, with unlimited budget categories, you can customize it to fit your life. Grocery runs, coffee runs, or planning your next family trip, whatever you have going on. EveryDollar helps you see exactly what's happening with your money. You'll know what's coming in, what's going out, and what's left over for some fun. Because let's be real, you need some fun in your budget. EveryDollar keeps budgeting simple and stress free just the way you want it. So go download the app for free and get started today. Again, go download EveryDollar today.


Alright, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are nonprofit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking, and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the, the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric. Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values, and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus, anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app, and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. Home ownership is something that's we believe should be part of your financial plan. But it's really hard these days. The price of houses and the housing market. It is absolutely insane. But when you do it the right way, when you buy a home the right way, it brings you peace. It's not a burden, it is a blessing. And so if you are looking to sell your home or purchase a home the right way, the way we teach, you wanna make sure to check out some top agents in your area that we trust. These are RAMSEY trusted agents. They have years of experience that will help you make wise decisions when it comes to pricing, marketing, and making or choosing the right offer for your home.


So to find a RAMSEY trusted real estate agent for free, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent and check them out. All Right, up next, we have Scott in Pittsburgh. Hey Scott, welcome to the show. Hi, thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? Yeah, I've loaned $80,000 to my cousin for his house flipping business through multiple notarized promissory notes. Over the last four years, I've received that $80,000 back, but none of the $45,000 in interest. My cousin recently informed me that his business is in trouble. He lives four hours away, has four kids, a rocky marriage and other debt. So he's not rich to say the least.


He now won't return any of my calls or texts. And I saw some legal counsel and all of the notes have a confession of judgment clause. So legally we're good even to not go to court to get a judgment. So that's in my favor, favor that side of the family has a lot of crazy in it to the extent that one individual's a little crazy, a little dangerous to be around. Personally, my wife and I are in baby step seven. We have four kids, two high stress jobs, an extremely active social life in our church. So part of me says, just let this go and go focus on your life. But another part of me says, you'll get the money that you've, you've earned an interest, especially since he won't call you back.


I feel like I've let my wife down on this decision, even though we haven't really lost any money. So I'm just wondering what path should I go down and how do I emotionally accept that path? Mm. One time. Well, I won't, I won't tell that story. That's a personal story. I, I Scott walkaway. Walkaway and I think okay, the, the making peace is making peace with yourself because you knew this was a, a, a real possibility before you did this. Yep. And you tried to cover yourself with a bunch of legal paperwork and you had a family member that you probably kind of deep down knew was gonna do this, looked at you and said, Hey, I'm not doing that.


And I don't think you let anybody down. I think it's a story you're telling yourself to kind of cover over the fact that you kind of feel like you got what you knew was probably gonna happen. And so I'd make peace with it. Don't ever loan family members money again and let's go on about our life. All Right, thank you. I mean, does that, does that feel right? It does. It, it's kind of where I thought I was, but the whole, like, just not calling and texting back after like a four year relationship where we had a great back and forth and, you know, money was exchanged both ways and things felt very comfortable. And then Yeah. You know, all of a sudden it was just like, okay, it's, it's gone. And But that means you're gonna try to go get your interest because you're mad.


Don't do that. Yeah. Don't do that. Yeah. And it's, it's one of those things not to say told you so, but we always tell people, even if you got it, and even if you're close, don't borrow money. 'cause it changes the relationship and now there's, there's something wedged between you and it's shame and it's really hard to overcome. And so even if you send him a handwritten letter that just say, your debt's forgiven, I wish you the best and go on about your life. Yeah, I know. And and the story I'm playing in my head, Scott, I could be wrong, is he's probably panicking, right? I mean, he, he has four kids. He, life has fallen apart. I mean he's, he's, he's fearful. I mean he, his fear, you know, radar is up all the way and he probably can't even emotionally and the fact, you know, go there, the fact that your family too, that adds a whole other dynamic.


Or the one guy he went to for help, he can't even do that anymore because he's, there's 45,000 bucks between the two of you. Yeah. And I, and I know there's probably some justice in you, Scott, even the way you laid out the question. No, You're mad. Yeah. I Can get it. I can tell that you're, yeah. You're pissed. You're like, man, this is, this isn't fair. Right. Fair would be I'm owed this money and why am I not getting it Right. But, but I think John's right. I think there is a kind of a, a humble pill to swallow to say, okay, I'm gonna, I wanna move about my move along with my life because you can Right. Financially speaking, you guys are on baby step seven. You are, you're fine. Is this the quote unquote like justice play? It's not the justice play would be to take him to court and continue to ring out, you know, the money that he doesn't have and take his family through.


I mean, you know, and you could, but you would definitely for sure, you know, lose that relationship. And in the end, I don't know if that's worth $45,000 of your time and your energy and your mental capacity. Yeah, agreed. I, I would say we didn't have a whole lot of relationship even, you know, even before that considering like we were just four hours away. Not, you know, a strong re relationship, but it's, it's just a, a strange situation because of how, how great things were going for four years and even talking together about projects that he was working on and, and then it's just like all gone. Like I said, do you know what happened to his business?


I'm just curious if, if he just did bad deals or what He had Same story that Dave always talks through, right? He had a partner, the partner skipped town, the whole business was on him and he couldn't, he couldn't keep the whole business afloat. So, you know, went from being very profitable over four years to, you know, taking a step back over the last like 18 months or so. Yeah. Yeah. Send him a, send him a letter that just says, Hey brother, you're freed tearing up the promissory notes. And I, I wish you the best. Alright, thank you. And I think, I think you'll feel a weight off your shoulders. And by the way, next time you, you, you'll, you'll feel, you'll feel that sense of injustice and it's right.


So you're not crazy. There's nothing wrong with you, whatever. Like, you'll get that little angry moment every now and then, but you got your money back. Count your blessings. Yeah. And yeah, let's walk away. So, Sorry. All Right, John, I'm gonna take a question from the Ramsey Network app. Okay. Those of you that are listening, and this question is one again, when you do this, you don't have to call in, you just click the link in the show notes and download the app for free, which you guys have done 'cause you're listening there. But this question is, I determined my why statement is to help people heal so that they can be free. And this has become a motivation for a career change to become a mental health counselor. That would mean adding $40,000 to my current undergrad debt of $40,000.


So the original was 110,000. What is your recommendation for funding a master's and mental health counseling? Oh man. Our Mental health professionals sending to my right. Yeah. I, I guess they'll teach you in counseling, one of the core tenets is you can't give what you don't have. So if your, if your heart is to help people heal so that they may be free, and in order to do that, you chain yourself to a student loan company for another five or 10 or 15 years, you're, you're gonna end up robbing Peter to pay Paul.


And so I'm gonna tell you, you can help people heal in your job as a school teacher. You can help people heal in your job as a, I'll tell you this, I got to my hotel last night. I was in Pittsburgh. I got to my hotel really, really late. And the woman checking us in was a saint. Just one of those people that you're around and your heart rate just goes down. And she was so kind. And I was a, she was a gift, she was a cup of cold water in the desert is after just a long, long day. Yeah, yeah. And so you can help people heal on the job site when y'all are pouring concrete. So this idea that you have to be a licensed mental health professional and you have to go into $40,000 of student loan debt on top of the 40 you already have out there.


That's just unwise. And I had a, I had a, a graduate advisor that says if you were sitting in a clinical chair and you don't know how you're gonna pay your bills, you cannot sit across from somebody and say, I can help you 'cause you're not whole. Interesting. So what does that mean? That means get this 40 grand paid off as soon as possible. See if you can find some side work working in or around counseling offices or social work offices or in children's homes or in boys ranches or things like that where you can work with people, make sure this is what you want to do, and then get a job at a local university as a housing director or something and they'll pay for your graduate degree.


But don't add, don't double your debt load in order to do this one particular job when you can help people heal in a number of different capacities.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my field of greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable infield of greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water. And here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass, but it tastes great. And only field of greens makes this promise. Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's field of greens.com/ RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Big news business owners, it's here. My brand new book, build a Business You Love is officially available to start reading. Now look, running a business is tough. Some days it feels like you're just duct taping the whole thing together. I get it. That's why I put 30 years of hard earned lessons into this book to help you grow faster, make smarter decisions, and stop learning everything the hard way. Don't wing it. Get your copy at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store and start reading today. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Rachel Cruz. Let's go out to Albany New York and talk to Jessica. Hey Jessica. What's going on? Hi, How's it going?


So I'm calling because I have whole life insurance policy that I've been holding onto since 2012 and now I'm thinking it's hearing Dave and you guys am hearing that the hole is garbage and that I should switch the term, but I'm not sure about the tax implications and stuff like that. I just don't really know what to do with the life insurance policy from here on out. Okay. Have you looked into what the payout will be when you, if you dissolve it, So it says the cash value is eight grand. Okay. And Of your money back to you.


That's that drives me crazy. Yeah. And have you looked into term at all to make sure that you, you, I mean you're, are you healthy Jessica? Like, like you could probably get another Yeah. Intro. Okay. Because I'm gonna be 39. I'm 39 now. I'm gonna be 40 next year is, but I'm kind of like, do I hold onto it? I have two little ones. My husband's the primary beneficiary, but my oldest daughter is the contingent. And I'm like, do I hold onto this? I already called the company and asked them if I should, you know, if I could switch it from hold the term. And of course they said no. Well you could cash it out and then get a term insurance policy with us.


And I'm like, I don't know what the tax implications are or anything or if it be worth it to do that or if I should just hold onto because it looks like it is, it's gotten like $1,500 in the last year. Yeah. But It's it's your money According to the statements that Right. So The way says they gonna get it back, you overpay them. Right. They invest that money, they take a piece of the investment return and then they call you and they're like, look what you have. And it's a crappy return anyways. So yeah. So no, I would cancel it regardless of what the, because whatever the fees and tax implication is, I don't know what taxes are when you cash it out. It may be income, it may be like a, like a, A Capital thing. It's 8,000 bucks.


It's not very much money. Yeah, yeah. So I would, I would pay the taxes on it 55 a month. So I've been ignoring it for all this time. How Much, how much are You, wait, I'm listening to you guys. I'm like, All Right, I need to do something about this. Yeah. How much are you paying a month for it? 55. 55? Yeah, I'm a state worker. I make around 50 a year, so, oh, sorry. I wasn't really missing it, you know? Yeah, yeah. Okay. 55 bucks. Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. So what I would Do, but they still don't wanna be robbed slowly by the Insurance company either. And that's what Totally, and that's what it ends up being. When you're pairing an investment and insurance together, you're always gonna get a crappy product, usually on both sides, but for sure on the investment side. So, so yeah, I would cancel it for sure today.


But before, well before you cancel it, I should say make sure you have term in place. 'cause I do want you to have life insurance. You guys have two little kids. Oh, okay. So I would still have life insurance. And so you do work, is that what you said outside the home? Yeah. Okay. So I would get a policy 10 to 12 times your annual income. And that's about, that's around the policy that you would need. And I would go to Xandr, you can go to xandr.com or give them a call, Xandr Insurance. Oh yeah. And they're great 'cause they're a more, they're, they're a insurance broker, so they're gonna shop all different companies to get you the best deal versus like this one you call, I dunno, state Farm and it's just State Farm or whatever, you know, like you'll be able to get all different kinds of, of quotes and that. So that's what I would do. And then I would go ahead and apply and get that coverage going first and the day that goes into place, the po the term policy, then I would call whole life, cancel it, get your, get grand to move on.


Gotcha. All Right. And then, okay, so you said 10 to 12 month months for my 10 to 12 times your Life insurance policy. 10 to 12 times 10, 12 times Your annual income. That's Annual. If you, if you make 50 grand, yeah, I would get a policy at a minimum of 500 grand, which should not cost you very much money a year. Okay. It won't be, it won't be a huge cost. And by the way, this isn't just us pitching a product when I was 40, maybe 40 or 41. Yeah, no, I understand. I did the exact thing you're doing. I called Xandr and got my insurance moved over like to them with term and it's, it's fantastic. Gotcha. Okay. Awesome. Yeah, I just wanna say also, God bless you guys and thank you for the work that you do.


Oh, thank you so much. Thanks, Jessica. You're, you're super kind and yeah, like Rachel, I hear that a lot on like, what's the taxes gonna be? It's eight grand, let just pay the taxes and move on with your life, right. For whatever it is. Yeah. Because if you have $8 million, well let's start worrying about the taxes implications. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and you start looking at, you know, $55 a month and it may feel like, oh, that's, you know, no big deal. But over time what it adds up and then what you end up paying for terms a fraction of that anyways. That's right. That's right. And always again, the rule of thumb is your insurance and your investment should never be mixed. Right. Because you're not going to get the rate of return that you could if you put it, you know, even in an, in an index fund or Vanguard or the, or the market. Right? Yeah. And any other place, you're gonna get a better rate of return.


And a lot of these too, I'm like, they just, it's that slow leak that they just continue just to like take and take. And if it goes up, it just goes up and, you know what I mean? There's, it doesn't feel it, it doesn't feel clean whole life. There's, there's some entanglements there that are not, there's Mixed priorities there. Right. Go to Spokane, Washington and talk to Elizabeth. Hey Elizabeth. What's happening? Hi guys, how are you? Awesome. We're running a scam called a YouTube show and a podcast. What are you up to? I love it. I watch you guys all the time. Very cool. What's up? Not much. I was just hoping to get your guys' advice.


We are pretty good, but we're not as good as we could be. I feel like we're still struggling months to months kind kinda like paycheck to paycheck. And how do we get ahead? How do we start like invest, saving, like we have three kids, I homeschool, there's, we're a one income home household and the economy is kind of killing us. Yeah. So here's, here's the hard the hard truth. You and me and your spouse and my wife and Rachel and Winston, all of us go home as a family and we make choices.


And that's not how it was set up for us. We all grew up and they're like, dude, if you just go to college or just do this, then you can do this and this and this and this and this. And sometimes like the dream of, we want, we want mom to stay at home. Awesome. We want to not get into the schools and we wanna homeschool kids, cool. But we can't eat. Or we we're just floating month to month to month. And it's you guys as a family having to back outta that situation and say, okay, the price of milk is bananas right now. The price of bananas. It is bananas right now. Right. And so it Is my two youngest are not school age. So if I went back to work, we'd have to pay for daycare. Well, Yeah, I Mean, yeah. I don't think you saying I, I don't think you're saying go back to work.


I'm Saying you go back to work saying, saying everybody makes choices. So, so Elizabeth, I wanna know you guy financially, where are you guys at? Do you guys have consumer debt? No, we have credit cards. We don't use them. They're zero balance. We own our cars. Okay. And all our Vehicles. All Right. How much does your husband make a year? About 65. Okay. And are you guys on a written plan, like a very detailed budget every single month that you know exactly. Here's the amount we have to spend. Okay. I think, no. Okay. So I think the budget at all I need is Probably, I know I need to do that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, no, no, it's fine. I mean, I think that's gonna help a lot. And if you stay on the line after this call, Christian will pick up and we'll give you EveryDollar premium for a year.


'cause I think the budget, it's one of those places, Elizabeth, that once you do it and you actually have boundaries around certain categories in your life and you force yourself to live within them, then suddenly you're like, oh, there's our margin, there's our margin. It's not getting eaten up by that extra, you know, fast food run that we're gonna go do or out to eat or whatever. Like it's, it is amazing when you do plan out and stick to that plan, it's gonna take about three months for you guys to get it to work. So remember that 90 days give yourself a lot of grace Okay. Between now and Christmas. But I want that to be your homework to say, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna sit down and do this, and then out of that and finding some margin and, and you'll look back on your accounts and your checking account last month and be like, oh my gosh, we're paying for two subscriptions we never use, we, you know, like when you actually start getting in the weeds of it, it is amazing what comes to the surface.


And even if it's 30, 40 bucks here or there that, you know, that adds up. I mean that, that will get you some margin. And so do you guys have, do you guys have an emergency fund? I just, hold on one second. There you go. Oh, That's fine. Okay, so Elizabeth, I would, hold On. Yeah, whatever. I messed up the phones here. There you go. There you go. There You go. Do you guys have an emergency fund? Elizabeth, do you have any savings? We do Not have a specific emergency fund. We've got a, a decent amount in our checking account. Okay. So what I would do is, is open up a high yield savings and I would move three to six months of expenses out of your checking out to that. And then that's not touched. So that's your emergency fund. If you have to have a few months to add to that savings to get that three to six months, do it.


And then from there, I would start investing 15% of your income into retirement and start that going. That can be through his 401k or Roth IRA. You guys can open up Real change in your money and relationships is possible. You can break the cycles that have kept you from moving forward. You can build a better future for yourself. And it starts here. Hang out with Dr. John Delony and I live in a city near you for the money and relationships tour. Starting next week, we'll be in Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. Time is running out. So grab your tickets while you can at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Welcome back. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5.


This is The Ramsey Show. Let's go out to Kimberly in Seattle, Washington. Hey Kimberly. What's up? Hey, are you still there? We're Here. How's it going? How can we help? Good. Well not good, but maybe you can help, help me out. Some suggestions. My husband, just like about a week ago was take, went to the hospital and was diagnosed with basically liver. His liver is shot. He, it's beyond repair. They gave him maybe a year, year and a half to live.


Oh my gosh. Totally. I'm so sorry. Yeah, He's, yeah. And he struggled with alcohol, you know, addiction off and on over the years and he, you know, he said, I knew that this was probably gonna happen, but you know, when you're addicted, you're addicted and it's hard to stop something. Yeah. So anyway, our situation right now is he, he's working or trying to work because he doesn't feel well. And I've been doing the best I can to do RAMSEY stuff without him not being on board, which means not very much.


Anyway, I have questions here as to what we should do because the freight train is moving. Do you guys have moving Forward, Do you guys have kids? Kimberly? We own House. We have adult kids who are doing really well. Okay. Okay. Off on their own. We're ama they're amazing. How old are you guys? I just turned, I, I just turned 60. He's a few years younger than me. Three years younger than me. Okay. Anyway, and in fact I just worked a, I had a hospital bill, I worked a, took a grinding job to pay that, the balance off 'cause of insufficient, you know, insurance and just got it done.


So here we are with another hurdle. Hmm. So I'm looking at, we do own our own house, but because I haven't been had access, you know, I haven't had access to the funding I wanted to do to keep up on it. It needs exterior repairs that are fairly expensive as in roof, gutters, some siding, and then paint after that. It's an amazing house. It's in really good condition. But that would have to be done if we were to possibly sell and downsize. If that would be one of the options we should consider. Okay.


I don't know. Okay. We have a lot of stuff sitting around that my other half cannot get rid of anything ever. So getting those, you know, options for getting those things sold and how to approach him on that. We'd have to have some kind of come and remove Kimberly. Kimberly, let me, let me hop in here the Yes, please. You've gone directly and you've, and and quite honestly if you've been, if you've been married to somebody who's struggling with alcohol for a long time, you have been responding to crisis after crisis and thing after thing forever. Right.


Amen. And then, so the way you said this, I wanna challenge you on it. Well now we got another hurdle. This is not just another hurdle. No, it's big. It's The last one is the stock one, I think, right? Yes. And so you have been working with somebody for a long time. Everything in this conversation has changed now. And the conversation changed to changes to now we have a, an hourglass, we have a clock that's ticking and the doctors clicked it on for us. And so we're not talking about how you feel if you really like this collection of bottle caps you've been keeping for four, like that, that ship is over.


That ship has sailed out to harbor. We are creating a life that I'm gonna have to inhabit 'cause you're gonna be gone. Yeah. And that looks like making sure I got a home with four walls on it and I can pay bills. Right. And some of it you're going to, I I, I remember sitting with somebody that I care about deeply and I was helping them and their house was full of stuff and I was trying to help them throw that, throw it away. This is several years ago. And I just finally stopped and looked at 'em and said, I need you to hear me say this when you die. I'm gonna throw all of this away.


I can do it now or I can do it when you're gone. And there was a long, long pause and they said, you're gonna have to do it when I'm gone. And I said, okay, I'm moving on with my dad. I'm not gonna spend another second here. I've already made that choice, but I'm not gonna fight that in this mo See what I'm saying? So I want you to Right. Because He was not even used to that idea yet. It hadn't even been introduced. Right. Right. I want, so here's, here's what we're doing. We're reverse engineering this thing for the four walls. I hate to live like this, but this is the clock you've been given. I wanna go 18 months and start working backwards. What does life look like? And you don't have to do a roof and siding and gut.


You don't have to do all that at the same time. We're gonna price each one of those things out, these things that we have to do So we can keep our house, these things that we have to do. So we have transportation. You're gonna have to have a job if you don't have any retirement. Yeah. What's the, what's the financial status, Kimberly? Do you guys, I know you said you own your home outright, so there's no mortgage or anything on it. Correct? Correct. Yeah. Well I was, you know, in the earlier days I was working to, you know, pay a little extra here and there because I'm the, you know, I'm the one that doesn't wanna be in horrendous debt, a debt of any kind, actually. And he used to work a very, a very good job.


And part of it was an investment account that was like a re retirement. Right. And, and he got to a point where he wanted to start his own business. He'd always wanted to do this because his family had done it and they had done it poorly and they fought and they divorced. But it still is a dream of his. And So did he cash out the investments? So over time, yes. He cashed out almost everything. So, so what's left That he threw into a business about knowing how to run a business? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I hear you And Kimberly, You're gonna have to set that aside because you got emergency in front of that. I know. So what, I know what debt do.


What debt. Oh, no, no, no. You're fine. You're fine. What debt do you guys have any at all, any consumer debt, credit cards, car loan? No. Okay. We have no Debt. No debt. Okay. And how and how much money are you? Property taxes and things like that. Okay. Are you working Kimberly? Do you work? I I was in order to pay off my hospital debt. Okay. Yeah. Was Was horrendously huge. Okay. And I finally got that paid off and it, but it was very hard. It was just a Job. How, okay. How, how much? Yeah, it was very hard on me physically. Okay. Okay. So not in a great position to work. Okay. What was he making a year? No. Was he making now? Yes.


To keep you Guys Crap, I should know this. No, it's fine. 30,000, 70,000. Yeah. Do you have any rounds? Yeah, 30 something. 30 something. 30 something. Okay. And that's an, let's call it 35. And that's ano Okay. So, and any investments, sorry, I know you said he cashed out his to start the business. Do you have, do you have any retirement that's small out? Okay, so there's no investments, no retirement, no. And does he, does he have life insurance? Nope. No. Okay. Okay. So what I want you to do, Kimberly, is the, the, the silver lining from a financial standpoint. All of this is, you, you guys have no debt. I mean, you don't even have a mortgage, so it's you. So that in, in of, of itself is like, that's a relief. So what John was saying, the four walls, I want you to go and do a budget, Kimberly, and I want you to stay on the line and we're gonna give you financial peace, university and EveryDollar premium.


'cause I want you to start budgeting and I want you to know to the penny. No, I do Have EveryDollar already. Oh, you do? Okay. So to know what, Thank God for that, that has been like saving my, my emotional, I'm so glad. Because I think if you have those numbers in front of you, of the things you have to do, you have to keep the lights on the cell phone bill and your insurance, you know, food, gas in the car. You have all of that. And that's what you're gonna have to look at Kimberly and say, okay, I have to at least make this right when the time comes. I have to, I have to at least make this. And then I would not encourage you to sell the house or even to put in a ton of repairs right now. No, I think you're fine. What I would do, thank God, I don't wanna do that.


Yeah. And I, I, and I wouldn't unless your roof is linking or something. But like for now, and then Kimberly, when the time comes, I want you to grieve. I want you to go through that process and don't make a big financial decision until about six months to a year. And if in two years, three years you decide to sell the home and downgrade, take some of the equity, you can do that. But don't feel like you have to make these big decisions today. Today I just want your four walls covered between now and 18 months. I'm so sorry though. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry Kimberly.