
Hey guys, this Christmas we're giving away cash. So enter the Ramsey $5,000 Christmas cash giveaway for your chance to win big this holiday season. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway to enter now


Live From, the headquarters of at Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Dr John Delony. And we'll be answering your questions all about liked money, relationships, anything and everything. So give us a call at triple eight Eight two five five two two five. We're gonna start off with Greg in Houston, Texas. Hey, Greg Welcome to The Show. Hello. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. How, can We help? So my wife and I ran into a situation with family and we wanted to know if we are wrong or selfish for not allowing our family members to come and use our vehicle for two weeks in conjunction with their holiday visit plans.


God, what a jerk. Greg. Jerk Greg. No, he's kidding. Yeah, I'm totally kidding. Why? Why would you think you're in the wrong there? It, it, it, well, we, we live far away. They haven't seen us in a while. We have a new baby due and all of those were kind of some of the circumstances that led us to feel bad 'cause we do want to see them. but it was contingent on How did they approach it? Was it that they're flying in and they don't wanna rent a car for two weeks or what, what's the, what's the scenario? Yes, it was a little bit of like their financial planning and they said, Hey, we wanna come see you and we're gonna fly in. We'll spend a couple days for you, but if it's okay, no worries if it's not, but we would like to use your vehicle for a couple weeks to go around the state of Texas, see other family, and then we'll bring it back and then see you for a little bit and fly back to, to their home.


And my wife had the call with her family and immediately said, I, we, we really don't feel comfortable, but I'll talk to Greg and see. And ultimately we were very aligned, but it put her in that awkward position. We're not gonna see family for the holidays with the new baby. Oh. So, but they said, they said since, since we can't borrow your car for our Texas tour, we're not coming at all. Forget you guys. Correct. Well dude, that's all you need to know. Well, 'cause they can't afford, I guess to, But they can, they can afford to come visit. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But they can't. Yeah, but they're not gonna come if they can't turn it into like a multi, a multi-family tour.


Right. And you're not gonna foot foot the bill for their vehicle. Right, Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You're good, Greg. And, and let me, like I hate that it does, it does make you feel like it, like I understand even the question, Greg. 'cause I probably would feel that way of like, golly, I feel bad. Right. Should We, and my wife is literally due a week from today, so we, she was hoping that we'd see, you know, family during the holiday and so it made her stressed out and we were aligned. But you know, we just now were like, well we made the decision and they said, well, we're not gonna be able to come and you know, we, we just wanted to double check and we felt like the answer you gave us was right. But you know, there's still that gut feeling of like, man, we really wish we could have done something different. But I I, I guess what I really wish is, I really wish a her parents or her family wanted to actually see this newborn.


They don't, they wanted to use this newborn as an excuse to come to town so they could take a tour. I mean the whole thing's just silly, but like the meta here is, and by the way you're gonna face this for the rest of your time together, different family members who want to use you guys for their different expectations or the different pictures of what they want their life to look like. Just make peace with whatever boundary feels right to you guys. Y'all get to do that. And whether I think it's stupid or Rachel thinks it's stupid, it doesn't matter and it's what works for you guys. And almost every boundary comes with a cost. Yeah, no. That it distincts sometimes, man, I hate it for you.


Well, and I think it would be another thing, Greg, if they're like, Hey, we're coming in, you know, one of the evenings we're gonna drive and see some of our friends, whatever, whatever down the street. Can we use your car for that night? Or, you know what I mean? If it's like, of course if it's like a 24 hour, I don't know, but for a week, two weeks. Two Weeks. Yeah. Five days and beyond, you're like, no. Like we need our car. Yeah. And, and we're actually plugging along with our baby steps and our, both of our cars are paid off and they have, mine has over 200,000. My wife has over a hundred thousand. So they're, they're due for like maintenance and we're like, we don't even really drive our cars like that. So. Right, Right. We just were worried like if there is a maintenance issue and now we're working on our emergency savings buildup, now we're gonna have to offset that.


And obviously if they didn't have the funds to get a rental themselves, they're not gonna be paying us for any. Yeah. But, but Greg, this isn't about a rental car. Yeah. Because it's not, like Rachel said, it's not like they were gonna fly there and they just needed a car to get around town. 'cause then I would tell you, dude, you have two cars and your wife's not driving anywhere. Let 'em borrow your car. This is, they wanted to use your home as a, as a landing place for them to take a two week tour around the state. And for those who don't know Texas You Can drive 14 hours, one direction and not get from one side to the other. Right. It's, it's, And not see anyone in the process And see. Yeah. So it's not like you're going to like Rhode Island and You, Can, You, Can make a lap on the whole state in an hour or two.


This is like major travel, thousands of miles, You Can put on the car. I guess I want you guys to internalize they aren't not coming 'cause they can't afford a rental car. They're not coming because you would not let them use your house as a landing pad for a a, a big two week vacation. And that's something to grieve. Yes. Right. Okay. Did your wife call 'em and say, are y'all seriously not coming to see the birth of your new grandchild? No. She has, she has not done that. I'd recommend that, That additional conversation. Okay. I'd recommend it. 'cause here's why. Sometimes people put a boundary down and they get stuck and then people respond to that boundary and they get stuck. And then you got two people making up stories about the other side of that boundary.


And it's, it's hard to, like, it's hard to go find an olive branch and I always wanna know, if I have a boundary and somebody responds poorly to it, I always wanna make sure that they are responding in the way that I'm, I'm the story I'm making up about them. Right. Right. So are you guys really not gonna come because of a car or y'all really not gonna come because you can't turn this into a two week vacation? Just, I just wanna clarify, you don't wanna see the birth of your first grandkid because of this. Is that what we're doing? And let them be adults and respond back And it's not a guilt trip on them. It is A clarification. Yeah, it's a clarification so that you, Greg, and your wife can get the full information from their side to say, okay, no, that's really what they're Yeah, that, I mean, as they stumble through figuring out their, their response to it, it's, yeah.


I, it it gives you a level of clarity and a, a piece in the puzzle in this kind of conflict situation to say, okay, this is the truth and this is what I'm hearing from them and now I can take it. and I was recently talking to a young professional and they got crossed with a really close friend and that really close friend bombed a bunch of text messages in a way that was outta character and that person was clearly going through something else. And then there was kind of a caustic, like no fly zone. And it got awkward and weird. And then my, this, this young professional was like, oh, they told me I don't wanna talk ever again. I said, I get that this is your best friend. This is your old friend.


It's been two or three weeks. Send a message that just says you miss them. And if they're ever ready to talk, because it gives them a chance to go, okay, dude, I had a bad night. I sent a bunch of crazy things. Yeah. I hung up the phone, I got mad. Give them a path back. And if they then don't respond, then all of your story, your story has appeared at the end of it, you gotta grieve it and then you gotta go move on from there. Yeah. Okay. In 20 seconds, John, talk through setting up a boundary with families. 'cause holidays are coming up. Yes. What is it written down Clear communi how you communicate In Deloney house. We write 'em down and we, we email 'em. By the way, there is a trend now, which is to cut off all family for any mean thing they said 25 years ago. If you, if at all possible, if You Can, go see your family, be with your family. If there's, if, if You Can, find it in your heart to forgive yourself.


Don't go to abusive situations of course. But if they have different politics in you or they eat weird food, go see your families for crying out loud and just know that's good. It's not gonna be perfect. That's Good. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code Ramsey field of greens.com/ Ramsey.


So the holiday season is here officially. We are in November. Happy. I'm about to I'm about to put up my Christmas tree y'all next weekend. I can't wait. Is that like a controversy? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Some people are like the anti before Thanksgiving. Oh yeah, That's Yeah. You hate gratitude. I forgot about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not your thing. Just hate Thanksgiving. That's Right. No, the holiday holiday season is here and we're kicking things off with something really special that will brighten your Christmas. We are launching the Ramsey $5,000 Christmas cash giveaway. So five grand. This is your chance to win some cash this holiday season. So You Can, enter daily for a shot to win one of our $500 weekly prizes or the grand prize of $5,000. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway to enter. And while you're there, make sure to check out our 50 days of Christmas deals. So You Can, save up to 30% on all the gifts that we have. Right? There's, there's so many things, You Can buy people, but buy, buy things that actually have a purpose. Don't buy junk this year. Buy things that can help people transform their homes. That's right. This is it. So some fan favorites, like the Total Money Makeover financial piece kids, a bunch of stuff there. So again, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or click the link in the description if you are listening on YouTube or podcast. But again, to enter the giveaway every day, You Can, enter at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. Go get it guys.


Up next we have Jasmine in Long Island, New York. Hey Jasmine Welcome to The Show. Hi Rachel. Hi John. how are you guys? Good. Doing great. How can We help? I have a budgeting question. So I, right now with the holidays coming up and in my life, all the birthdays just pop up from September to December. But I'm also in baby step two. So I'm really just trying, my question is, how do I budget for stuff like that if, do I know it should be good Valenti intensity? I don't know if I shouldn't be putting my, my thoughts into that and just not, not be budgeting in for it or at all. So I'm not really entirely sure what to do.


Yeah. I'm 32,000 in debt and I make around 70. Okay. I don't, I don't pay any rent or anything like that. Like I live at home. I cut, like I started using the EveryDollar app Oh good. Last in September. Yep. And Tell me about the, of I, who are the people in your life, like who's having the birthdays and for Christmas, who would you be in charge of buying gifts for? Like do you have kids of your own or these nieces and nephews? No, it was just my brother-in-Law. My boyfriend, my stepmom. Okay. My best friend. And then Christmas, it would be just us. We're doing a secret Santa off for Christmas. So I normally that's, that's fine. But I'll just do the secret Santa.


But I have like three secret Santas I'm a part of, whether that's at work and my group of friends at work. Yeah. Or like my boyfriend and I exchange gifts or at, at my house we're doing a secret Santa, but then I always end up, I like, oh, I really feel bad. Sure. Not getting this person something or they got me something. It's like I also have, okay, we have church events that I wanna go to. Like, okay, can I get my hair done? Stuff like that. And unfortunately my hair's not cheap. Like I had to, I had to think of, I have to cut out a lot of things and I, I just feel guilty. I I feel like I, yeah. Am I doing the Right Thing? Like, so here's the deal. I think the, you're, you're looking at this a little bit of a short term perspective.


Like here in the next 60 days, here's all these things that I have to do and the people I have to buy for. Just remember that four years from now, no one's probably gonna remember this Christmas. Right? I mean like, so, so if this Christmas looks different, which it's going to be and it should Jasmine, if you're on the, if you're doing the debt snowball, it's going to look different than Christmas is when you weren't budgeting and when you were in debt and you weren't being intentional with your money, it's going to look different. So how different is it going to look is the question. and I, I just, Jade Warshaw said this on the show last year, and I, I just own it too. I think adults don't need to buy adults gifts. I think Brother-in-law is fine.


Like Brother-in-Law has a job hopefully and can buy Brother-in-law stuff. Right? Forget You guys. I want gifts. I want lots of gifts. No, I just think lots of them I, 'cause I hear people, Jasmine all the time, I mean in a similar, similar, you know, situation as you, and they're like, well my Aunt Rita and I'm like, aunt Rita can buy her own blender. Like, like we don't need to be funding adults and like helping. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, I understand the generosity piece. I get that. And if it's maybe something small and sentimental that meant something. Maybe you saw a funny coffee mug and it was like, oh that's funny. 'cause it's like this inside joke and it's $7. Right? Like if you wanna do something little, but, but this idea that we have to be somewhat even extravagant, you know, $50 plus for adults in our lives.


I don't know. I just don't, I'm just not about it. I'm not about it. So, And Jasmine, we call her fun ruiner do net here. No, I'm the, no, I'm the fun one out of every, all the personalities. So if I'm saying this super fun, super fun. So again, I What about in terms of like hair for example, because I, if I wanted to get my hair done, if I needed a haircut, like am I allowed to Yeah. Point on that? Yes. Yes. I would say, you know, basic necessities right? Are gonna be in your budget throughout this, this, this debt free period. Now I was like, are you gonna know that There's different versions of haircuts my wife Gets? Well don't, yeah, I mean, I mean I would say I wouldn't go, I, if I were getting outta debt, I would not pay for like an updo like to get it done for a party specifically.


But If, you have to get your hair cut and colored in life. I would put that in the budget while I'm getting outta debt. I would not Wait, Are you being for real? You would buy a brother-in-Law a gift over? No, no, no. I was playing, I was messing with you. No, no. I was like John. No, because here's the thing. And and Jasmine, how old are you? I'm 22. Okay. This is the rest of your life. There will always be another thing. Right? So as soon as the new year comes around, there's gonna be a, something with the election and then there's gonna be a, we have to all go get drinks 'cause we're sad or we're really happy. And then there's gonna be somebody's birthday and then your nephew's gonna have like a, and There's a destination wedding cookies Yeah.


That he wants you to order for school and to fund his clarinet program. There's always gonna be a thing. And unless you draw a line in the sand and say, right now I am broke because I, my my net worth is negative. Like I, I have less than zero when it comes to my name. I do have a salary that comes every month, but I have less than zero until you draw a line in the sand and say, I at least have to get to zero and get to where if anything happens to me, I'm gonna be okay. Then you're not in a place to buy gifts and I and I'm, I'm just telling you this as I'm, I'm twice your age. I'm down the road. There's just always, I feel like the older we get the more these we have to just accelerate and accelerate and accelerate.


And the seasons get more expensive. Yes. 'cause it'll be friends getting married, bridesmaids, bachelorette parties, weddings, babies, I mean like Yeah. The life Continues. So a a cool thing you wanna find out if this dude's for real, your boyfriend tell 'em we have to do the most loving gift for each other for the holidays and it can cost no money. Competition on ready go. Okay. Okay. And I have one more. I'm sorry that I'm taking advantage. No, you No, that's why we're Here. When I was budgeting, how do I do when there's like five paydays I get paid every Thursday and for example October had five Thursdays in the month. Do I treat the last week a part of November? Or because I'm not sure if I should see it as extra money or that I could put towards my day obviously, or, or how do I really view that?


Yes. So you would look before the month begins and see how many weeks are there and then total up how much am I gonna make for that month? So October, when you were budgeting in September for October, you would've looked to see to say, okay, we have five weeks in October coming in and I'm gonna use five that, that income of those five weeks to be my, the top of my October budget. So it doesn't matter when you get paid, it's how much you get paid throughout the month. So some months you may get paid less because of where the payday hits within the week and if that week is technically this month or last month. Does that make sense? So If I have, like my insurance bill for example, comes out on the, on the second, that's before the payday in November.


That's right. That would I take that part of my October budget, Would use October money then to fund that to fund for the second. Okay. Yeah. Do you have have, do you have ev Yeah. Do you have EveryDollar premium Jasmine? Yes. Yes. Okay. The paycheck planning part of EveryDollar Premium is exactly what you're talking about. And that's gonna help you if you go into that function. I think it's only on desktop. So get on your laptop and do it. And it's able to, you're able to list out where when all of your bills hits. So exactly like that your insurance is like the second, you know, I know you don't have rents, but you know, say you had a mortgage and it comes out the 10th and then you have, you know, all your cable and electricity comes out the 20th. Like, so you're able to actually see when do bills hit, when does my paycheck come in?


And do I have enough within that paycheck to fund that week or that two weeks to make sure that I don't go into the red. So the paycheck planning part of EveryDollar premium will help and it'll show you like green or red, like it like literally walks you through it, which is so great. So make sure to check that out. Thanks for the call. I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah.


And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I gonna in The middle, how be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 or go to xandr.com


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We're gonna start off with James in Ontario, Canada. Hey James Welcome to The Show. Hello, how are you? Hi. We're doing well. How can We help? Well, okay, so I'm doing my first formal budget and I say formal because intuitively I had a good sense of what was going on from paycheck to paycheck. But this is the first time when what, what got me into EveryDollar was something that you said when I first discovered you like last week, which was a budget enables you not to feel guilty about putting money aside for certain things.


and I thought that I liked that because I always felt guilty saying, no, we can't do this. No we can't do that because it had an intuitive sense, which was roughly correct. So my net income from my own income coming home is 3,600 a month. And pretty much all of that goes to the mortgage, groceries, et cetera. But then we have another 1800 from our child benefit that we've been using to upgrade our house that we purchased in 2021 because it's an old house. And so the windows needed doing so we did that and the the insulation needed doing, we did that and it gets two minus 40 here.


So we needed to not freeze to death in the winter. And now that those upgrades are done, that child benefit of 1800 is effectively spare now. And it just never occurred to me what to, what to do with it that I just never had budgeted. I pretended like my income alone was the only income I had and now this is actually tripping me up. I actually have some money. I have some money. It's a good problem. James. James, do you have any consumer debt? No, just the mortgage. 94,000 right now. Okay, good for you guys. Do you guys have money saved in the bank cash that You Can get to? Yes. Yes. So we have about a $14,000 emergency fund.


Great. And we have $20,000 just kind of sitting there waiting for something to do. Okay, good for you guys. So yeah, I mean if, if I were you in this situation, I would start investing. You're at the point with investing and I know some investments look different in Canada than here in America. But I would still, I would still reach for that 15% of your income. And so when you start doing that, some of that may be taken out of your paycheck if it's pre-tax or post-tax. So I would account some of that. That will probably go into investing. Your kids, are they out of the house? Do you have one still living with you? Well, they're five, three and one. Okay. Oh, so you have little ones.


Okay. Have you guys Yeah, We have little ones and another one on the way, So Okay, great. So Like looking far into the future Sure. Is part of how I want to arrange this and yeah. And another factor, this question's with two pronged because part like the other prong of this question is does it make sense to pay off the mortgage early? And the reason I'm asking that is when we first moved here, I did what I thought was the neighborly thing and go up and down all the streets around me saying, hello, how are you? I'm the new neighbor. And it has not really gone anywhere in terms of us meeting neighbors or people or anything. But when I visited my hometown, we made friends right away.


'cause I thought it was me for a long time. Like guess we, guests were horrible people. Nobody likes us, but no, it part of this area just isn't working for us. Okay. And so y'all may move, wanna go Somewhere else? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. And and how to prepare for that because I'm not really sure what I'm getting into and I don't wanna make this mistake again because I thought this would be right for us and it clearly isn't. Sure. Well, you know, it is always hard when you're moving somewhere to know what the chemistry is, you know, within the neighborhood and the neighbors. So I feel like that is, that's a, that's a hard thing. It's kind of a gamble always when you're buying a home, you know, not knowing exactly what, what the community is like. But yeah, so I mean, if that's not in the near future, then I probably would put some of this at that point towards the house.


But I would also be thinking about these four kids and their future. So education wise and all of that. So putting some money away for that as well. So I would probably divvy this up a little bit in different ways. I would be using some of it for investing. I would be using some of it for kids' future and whatever that looks like for you guys, I dunno if that's a four year university or you know, whatever it is for them, putting some aside there. And then if you do have anything extra, yeah, You, Can, throw it at the mortgage. But also, I mean you guys are making 3,600 a month, is that right? 3,600 from my income and another 1800 from the child benefits. Yes. Okay. Yeah, so 4,400 total.


So, and that, I mean that's 5400 5400. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. I'm sorry. Yep. And yeah, I mean overall I would say You Can, you could even take some of this too, James, and, and up your lifestyle a little bit. I mean, if you guys, you know, need some room for the baby coming and having some, some money set aside to upgrade some baby stuff if you want that. So a little bit, a little bit of this as well percentage wise. And you and your wife can decide on what that is, you know, put within your monthly budget just to give you guys a little bit of breathing room maybe in the food category or whatever it is. Well, yeah, I mean, we budget, my budget had $50 for restaurants per month and we basically never go out and buy all our food on with 50% stickers.


So yeah. So I, I would put some back to loose in that lifestyle. Yep. I would. Okay. Yeah. Put that, put some of that back in the budget to spend as well. Can we talk about the most concerning part of this call for me? Yeah, go ahead. Explain 40 degrees below, zero to me, It doesn't always happen. I'm from Texas. That sounds like, like in Texas they teach you that hell is not hot. It's actually cold and it sounds like that. Yes, It's true. Can you go outside or you just die? You, you won't die if you're bundled up well enough. So I'm from, I'm central Canada where it gets that cold, but it's drier.


I'm used to drier. So you go outside, if you're bumble up well enough, you're okay. It's a dry cold and I'm here. Okay. It's an Arizona and say that's a Dry here, it's humid and it pierces right through you. I dare not even walk out the door. And since our house leak still leaks air, even with all the upgrades, we're all with jackets and blankets on the inside during the winter anyway, so, man, make of that what you will, We have this thing in Tennessee, I dunno, If, you have it there, it's called fire and it just warms up everything. Y'all should get that. Yeah, we Don't have a fireplace in here either. Ah, okay. Oh man, that's a bummer. Well, I hope that helps, James. You're doing great, man. Yeah. And congrats on the baby on the way. It's very exciting. Let's go to a social question, John.


We got Becca from Facebook and she says, what are some positive ways to redirect a spouse that continues to push off opportunities for easy earned income? Can I say that again? What are some posi, she's being Becca. What are some positive ways to redirect a spouse that continues to push off opportunities? The, the, the, the husband, the husband doesn't wanna work and she's like, oh my God, that's an easy way to make some money. And he's like, I don't Want to everyone stop talking about your husband as though he's a doodle. That is the positive redirection is what you say to those designer dogs that God never intended that people in suburbs create. Jake has one, I know I put that, put a poodle with something and then All of sudden I put poodle with some kind of animal and create an animal.


And God just up there going, what are y'all doing? There's so many other problems to solve, but so don't talk about your husband like a positive redirection. I think you sit down and you have a harder conversation about what is this money for? What are we trying to accomplish together and how are we gonna get there? It can, it can be an easy, like, hey, our life's good, we're paying off our debt, or we've got everything. Okay. And then somebody offers a thousand bucks to come do a job and it's easy to go, no, I don't need that. But your partner's sitting there going, that's a thousand dollars. We're not doing a lot of work. That's a values conversation. That's not a money conversation. Yes. If your husband's just sitting around not working and playing Fortnite, that's a different conversation. Right? But let's stop with the little, The redirection.


I don't know the, how do we gently redirect our husbands who either A, won't provide or B Or she's, I mean, or personality wise. So let's just say every, you know, if they're trying to get outta debt, if they don't have an emergency fund and she's like, oh my gosh, we gotta get on this. Have That conversation. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. If that's it. But then if you're on the other end of it and you don't have to, right? There's a job for a thousand bucks and you're like, eh, I'm, The time here at home with you guys is more valuable. Yes. But what is hard is some spouses are more, you know, what is it utilitarian esque, like, it's just like this idea of like, oh my gosh, how could you not go opportunity? Right. They're so driven, they see, oh my, oh, this time to what you're gonna make.


Why would you not? And they think the other spouse is crazy. That's right. That can happen too. So. Well thanks Becca for your question. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. October is the season for wearing costumes and masks. But let's be honest, a lot of us hide our true selves behind a mask and costumes all the time. We do this at work, we do this with our friends, with our families. We even do this with ourselves. I've been there multiple times in my life when I'm not being my true self. And it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where You Can be honest with yourself. So You Can, take off the costumes and take off the mask and learn to live an authentic life. If you're considering therapy, I want you to contact BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, You Can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist plus You Can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost. Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash deone to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HE p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Rachel Cruz and with me today is Dr John Delony and today's RAMSEY at network app. Question is from Mason and he asks, I would like a reason, a reasonable explanation on why you only recommend a 15 year mortgage. Why shouldn't I take a 30 year out and dump extra cash into an ETF earning 10 to 12% and at the end of 30 years, I'd leverage my house and pay it off. Also have around $700,000 to spend from my investments. Mason, you're smarter than Mason. You're smarter than us.


You got us, you got us on this one. and I hadn't thought of that before. Yeah. Where'd it go, man? Wow. We'll just change our whole policy. No, so Mason, the, the, the biggest goal when it comes to your money, one of the, well, not the biggest, one of them starting out is to become debt free as soon as possible. And so for a lot of people, this journey of even paying their house off, which is a obviously the largest asset, most people have it, it's gonna take around nine years. And so there is a psychological change that occurs when, you know, here is my payment. And even though my intentions are good on a 30 year to either pay it like it's a 15 put what, what would've been on the mortgage, but now I can invest that money instead.


You know, all of those are good intentions and what we see over and over again is that human behavior can definitely trump what we had planned. And things come up, life happens. And if you think over, you know, 10, 15, 20 years, 30 years, there's a lot of life to happen. So the probability that you would actually do this right, and do it every single month consistently is probably pretty low considering the, we're talking about 30 years. 30 years. So the idea of of doing the 15, I mean it's just, it, there's mathematically it's faster. It forces you into a faster payment plan. And then when people are doing the baby steps and they get to this step, they're paying it off in nine years versus 15.


So you'll be paying it off earlier. Now some people I know get a 30 year, 'cause the rate is better. The, you know, the payments is more reasonable for their budget. Right. There's a lot of different reasons. But again, it's, it's putting systems in place that the rhythm of your money and your life will get you to where you wanna go as fast as possible. And that's the 15 over the 30. And what's wild about mortgages too is, you know, even an extra payment, one extra payment on a 30 year mortgage, on a half a million dollar house at like a 4% interest rate, you pay it off four years faster and you save, it was like, I think close to maybe $60,000 in interest. Mm. One extra payment a year that's on a 30. So if you imagine a 15 and doing that an extra year or doing four extra payments a year, right?


Like You, Can just see the map map the most closet. It just, yeah. And when you're talking about a house and you're talking about a mortgage and interest and time, it's just big. So when You Can like condense it and do it real as fast as possible, you're gonna be better off. Well, And I, I think it's important to call this out. And I've noticed this among like George, like we just call 'em the finance bros, but like the guys with the spreadsheets that they roll out 30 years and they put all these assumptions in there, they've never read an semal lab and they have never experienced the pain of when the whole thing collapses. Right. When it crashes and when the rollercoaster goes way, way, way down. Or when you lose your job or your wife gets cancer or when your kid passes away or you have to move or you get laid off or whatever.


and I think if your, if your goal in life is to squeeze every last potential gap between an interest payment and a potential earned return on some sort of fund that you're trading, knock your lights out, knock your lights out and we'll be here when you wreck, when you have taken call after call after call of somebody saying, Hey, they're taking my mom's house away because she fill in the blank. Or my wife and I have to move to go take care of my dad 'cause he fell and now we have do do. Or my wife wants to stay home, we can't afford the mortgage payments or We can't afford what, what? Yeah.


Yeah. So if, if your, if your goal is to always be looking for the spread and try to cover the spread, this isn't, this isn't what we're trying to sell you. What we're trying to sell you is a total, total rejection of that way of thinking. We're trying to sell you something that the American household no longer has and that is peace. That is the ability to sleep at night. I will gladly, gladly cash out the gap between a 30 year mortgage and a 15 year mortgage right now. Which isn't a ton right this second. In fact, I think the 30 year mortgage rates may be less than the 15 year 'cause they're trying to sell those 'cause they can hold onto 'em longer. I would gladly sell that over this, this imaginary 30 year return I would have on this little bit of money if I constantly did this every month for 30 years and nothing bad ever happened to my family.


That's right. Yeah. Yeah. I would gladly trade that gap for peace knowing that no one could ever take my house away, period. Ever. And it's, I call it my sleep tax, it's my soul tax. I just, I just walk around knowing you can't take my house. Yeah. No matter what happens, my mom gets cancer, my wife passes away, they cannot take my house. And so if that's not what you're into, there's no math problem that we're gonna sit down and map it out for you. Right. Right. Because that's, and that's the thing too about paying your mortgage off early. 'cause we hear kind of similar argument. Oh my gosh, why would I pay it off early? Why would I not just Yeah. Invest that money. Or if I have this money, it's making more, you know, in the market versus my 2% interest rate that I got 10 years ago.


You know, why would I ever unplug something that's making that much to throw at debt that's only like a two to 3% interest rates. And it's that exact, it's that exact same thing because peace and you can't take my homes calmness doesn't show up on a spreadsheet, it just doesn't. Right. And we, we had our money and marriage weekend last weekend here with about 600 couples or so, and there were a lot on baby step seven, which means they've paid off their house. There was a good amount of 'em. I was kind of surprised when I was asking what baby step everyone was on. There was a good amount of baby step seven and I was like, oh wow. and I said, okay, so for those of you that paid off your house, keep your hand up if you regretted it Zero, Zero hands were still up.


Yeah. Because It's like, no you, when you really don't have a mortgage payment, you're not like dadgum it. And if you are still You Can always borrow back on your equity and go and invest it. Right? I mean like You Can always get back into debt and 'cause there's something to be said about, about us as people, our, our human soul at a very, very deep level rests in a place that does not show up on an Excel sheet. That's right. It just doesn't. Period. And so end of story. Yeah. We talk more about the person than we do the math on the show because we really believe in the people we believe in you, if you're listening or watching, you are the solution to your problems. You are the one that's gonna make choices in your life. Like empowering who you are as a whole person, not the little financial geek, you know, over here.


You as a whole person, as a, as a son, as a daughter, as a husband, as a wife, as a mom, as a dad, as a friend. Like all these elements of you, money is just a part of it. But on this show, it's the thing that ends up being magnified into a lot of our dysfunction, right. Is what we end up seeing. And so you can't forget, you are a person, you are a whole person and that piece is part of it. It's not always the math. And to you leverage people, you only to go read Wendell Berry. You only to go read Nasim Love people who love risk because I love risk, but the the goal of risk, I actually do, I'm kind of a conservative risky, but I love it. The thing that the, the, the modern kids that are all into like risk and leverage I'm gonna go is you can't leverage something that if the risk doesn't pay out, you lose it all.


Mm. Right? And there's no better way to risk when you have a house, when you are your own bank and when your kid's school is taken care of, bro, then go to Vegas, then You Can play. Right? Right. Then You, Can start doing these things, but this leverage, there's a fulcrum to leverage. And if your fulcrum is your home dude, they're gonna come take your house. The the market doesn't ride bulls forever. They will come take your home. And that just tells me you watch a lot of Instagram and a lot of TikTok and you know how to make use chat GPT to make some cool Excel algorithms. You don't understand what it's like to sleep in a house that you don't owe money on. Yep, That's right. Yep. Totally.


This Is what it's man, they can't take your house away. I'm all about leverage. I'm all about risk. I love it, but I don't risk my wife's house. I just don't. Yeah. And when you get that through your mind, then You Can play these, well then I'm gonna leverage my house and pay it off. But have around play that game after you have, you've covered the ground floor and I Think it's, that's part of the misnomer too of you know, that that the 700 grand, you know, that he has, you know, typed out, you know, there, there's something about also just chasing money to a degree that there is a level of emptiness out there. Y'all money is not a god, it is not a idol. It will not fulfill you like it's not, but it also will destroy you if you don't have peace around it. So getting yourself in a healthy position mathematically is very smart.


That's what we want you to do. But then on top of that, knowing that it has a placement in your life that you're not constantly chasing because the finish line, the finish line Mason is always gonna move. It's always gonna move. So contentment is key in this as well. Thanks to everyone, all the guys in the booth and Taylor, thank you Taylor and John for a great, a great segment. Thanks America for listening. This is The Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals, only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app, your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus You Can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the app store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Dr. John Stallone. So give us a call at triple eight Eight two five five two two five and we'll be answering your questions about money, relationships, career, life. So give us a call up first starting off the hour is all the way in Hawaii. We have John. Oh John, I hit the wrong button, so sorry. Hey, John Welcome to The show. Aloha. Aloha. Welcome. Welcome. How can We help.


Hi. Thanks. So Thank you for taking my call first off, but I'm getting an insurance payout of about around 70,000, plus or minus a few thousand. And I've never really kind of gotten a lump sum like this. I am a little in debt and before any my injuries happened, I was in no debt and had plenty of savings, which I was able to pretty much survive and I need some advice. I'm either looking at a, investing it into myself of my career, of getting the rest of my pilot's licensing and opening the opportunities for for that to come about.


And the second thing I'm thinking about is maybe buying a house or a property, but the fact of what I'm seeing in the market and 8% interest rates pretty much scare me. Yeah. Because They, what, what happened, John, what's what, what happened that you got this payment? A payout I should say. It Just wasn't an it. I, I was injured and I am getting pretty much an insurance payout due to this injury. I had to go through a little bit of trying to get like super, you know, it's super Yeah.


No, it's good. No. Are you okay? how are you doing now? Oh Yeah, I'm fine. Oh, I'm fine now. Okay. Yeah, I had to go through a couple surgeries and I had to rehabilitate myself and everything and I'm, I'm so sorry. Mostly Back, mostly back to a hundred percent. Yeah, it was, it was pretty, it was pretty, pretty bad. So You've, you've got, so yeah, that's, you've got some huge plans for this $70,000 and 70 grand's a lot. Yeah. But you mentioned like education, buying a house, getting a pony, buying a dragon, like you got a lot of plans for this money. My first question to you is almost all insurance payments aren't, they're not a lottery winning, they're to make you whole.


Are you gonna need a knee replacement down the way? Are you gonna continue to need extra medical treatment or physical therapy or counseling down the way that this, that you need to put some of this money aside for? I do not believe so. I, there should be, no, there should be no other treatments. It's more about just keeping myself healthy Okay. And taking care of myself, which is, I am very goal oriented on doing okay. For the future. So what kind of debt do you have currently? It's maybe about 30,000 plus or minus a few grand and I, before any of this happened I was in zero debt.


Okay. And what, what was, what does that debt consist of? Okay. I know, I know it all. I'm paying it down very quickly now that I am, I'm back at, I'm working right now, so it being Okay. Yeah, that's great. Little down, pretty pretty. Is that, is it 30,000? Is it all medical or is there credit card debt? What kind of debt is it? Right, so about 10 grand of it is about a personal loan, which is about 5% interest. Okay. Why did you take that Out? And the, that was actually kind of, it was a little bit to put into my savings and a little bit to pay off just to reconsolidate credit card Debt.


Okay. And and was the credit card debt because credit due to the injury because you couldn't work and you guys were using it to, to get by? Or what was the credit card debt? No, no, I, I got the personal loan, well before the injury I sustained this injury. Okay. It was Well before that. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I'm, it's almost getting paid off. It's more. Gotcha. Okay. So 10 Grands personal loan. What's the other 20? The other 20 is credit card and that's ranging between three different cards. Okay. Not maxed out. Yeah. Anymore, anywhere between 15% and that my highest one is 27.9.


Okay. So what I would advise you John to do is, yes, I would pay off this, this 30 grand, like today I would get, I would be completely debt free and I would take the rest of the 40 and I would take some of it and create an emergency fund of, I would probably do six months of expenses just because of what you walked through. Do you have money saved? Yeah, I already have that already. I, that was the, the first thing I did when I got back to work was, Okay, how much is in there? Put that about 10. Okay. So yeah, if you, if you need to bump it up any You, Can just to cover that full six months. So my word of caution for you John, is whenever we hear someone that gets a lump sum, and it could be from an inheritance, it could be an insurance payout, just like what you're explaining to us.


You know, some people it's like this like massive like, you know, tax refund too, like whatever it is and it's a lump sum. Yeah. I would use it obviously to pay off this debt. But I say that with a word of caution because sometimes when you go in and just, you kind of get this, I mean, I don't wanna say free money 'cause you went through hell and all this stuff. Like I'm, I'm not saying it's free, but essentially you're, you're being handed $70,000 and nothing, nothing about John changes money-wise with your behavior, with your habits. So people that work their way out of debt, like if you didn't get the 70 and you're working your way outta that 30,000 something changes in that process. Like the feeling of that sacrifice, understanding like you're cutting expenses, it's hard, it's not always fun but man you're doing something, you're paying a price to win and when there's a lump sum like this, you don't always feel that emotion.


And that feeling I do think is important that experience because it changes you. And so while again I would pay this off today, I would take this money and pay off that 30 grand. I just want you John, to promise yourself, are you married? I am divorced. You are divorced. Okay. No, that's fine. So I would promise yourself, happily pro promise yourself that you're not going back into debt. I would be cutting up the credit cards, no more loans. Like we're not, we're not doing this again. And if You Can draw that hard line in the sand, I want you to do that as you're paying this debt off with this lump sum that you're getting. But do you hear that caution that that the behavior of you is what's going to allow you to win down the road and your behavior isn't necessarily gonna change through an experience of sacrifice.


Does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. Without any sacrifice you don't really gain anything. Yeah. Before I was even all, most of this credit card debt that I'm in right now is actually from my injuries from pretty much trying to, it took, it took over two years to Yeah. Get everything like kind of back into normal and that Totally, that's much savings I had up, I had, I had no credit card debt. Good. I had good savings, I had good, good crypto, you know, and I didn't know if like I and I, AMM d whittling that down. Now I No that's great. Sorry John. We gotta go to, to a hard break. So yeah, so again that 40 that's left By the way, check your local taxes.


'cause you may have to pay state and federal taxes for on the lump ofout for some of that. It may be if that's all you get out of this thing. So yeah, Look into that, make sure And then I would probably, yeah if you wanna go back and get your pilot's license and that's something like CareerWise that you're looking at, I would definitely look into into that. Getting to Be left. Yes. Yeah, I think that's great. Thanks John for the call. Glad you're okay. This is The. Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds. Credit Union because They share the Ramsey mission of helping people get outta debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You Can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So, You, Can Bank in person, wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, You, Can, log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ Ramsey.


These days, the internet is chockfull of so-called Investing Advice from Random Goobs with zero qualifications. Listen, folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about. That's why I recommend the Smart Investor Program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart Investor. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart vestor Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart vests.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We are taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. And next up we have Mary in Chicago, Illinois. Hey, Mary Welcome to The Show. Hi, how are you? Doing well, How can We help? So my question regarding our finances, my husband and I, he just got a new job be making like 140,000 a year and went up from about 50. Oh wow. So a big jump. Yeah, Yeah. Big jump. Finally, what's He doing? What happened?


Well, he was kind of on his own in construction and just, it was very, it was all over the place. Some days working, some days not. And it just wasn't consistent enough. So he got a, you know, better job, you know, 40 hours a week constantly and yeah. Fantastic. Wow. Good for him. Yeah. Yeah. Much better, much better opportunity for him. Good. So my question, like even now with this one, he has no kind of retirement into it. It's all on us. We have very little 'cause of not making any money in the past. We have about 18, no 17 or 18,000 I would say in debt credit card.


Okay. It is at 0%. I have the money stashed away and I know you guys say to pay it off, but it just always scared me because until now we didn't have it. and I just always stashed money kind of. So I know I could pay that. I have about 35 in cash, so I could pay that off. Okay. In, in kinda start from there I guess. Yeah. But like I said, it says 0% and I. I know I should pay it. Like I said, it just scares me. So my question really is like, how do we invest kind of for our future retirement because he doesn't get any of that in, nor do I.


Yep. Okay. What does he say about all of this when it comes to paying off debt? 'cause you keep saying, I, you know, I have stashed away 35,000 Oh yeah. And all that. Does he? Yeah. Does he wanna pay it off? Is what would he say about that? Yeah, he wants to pay it off too. He doesn't really know how much I have stashed. I, because I just Yeah. Stash it little by little, kind of, Hey Mary, are you safe at home? Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Are you sure? Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Very. Yeah. I just, What is it about your home that you've been hiding money from? Your husband? Husband. It just because he wasn't making a lot. Is that it? And you just thought, oh my gosh, we're gonna be okay. Exactly. Yes. Yes.


It just geared. Yeah. So I'm afraid. Yeah, but If he knew you how much you would have, he would take it and spend it. Not, I mean, not like foolishly spend it, but he would like say, let's get out of debt. Like pay it all off and start like, whereas I am, I'm still afraid to, I guess get rid of like, you know, it's still kind of like a little cushion for me. So yeah. Rachel's gonna walk you through the money part, but I, I want, I just feel compelled to say this. There is tension in your home there. There's two people keeping secrets from each other. And if you're that scared of what's coming next for your family, you need to, if, and you're safe, you need to have the courage to sit down with your husband and let him know, I've been hiding money 'cause I haven't been, 'cause I'm not sa I don't feel safe.


Yeah. Because there's a tension there and he doesn't know what it is and he blames himself for it and he's trying to solve it. And that's, that's not fair. If you If you have to hide money from him because he's gonna go blow it and put you all at financial risk or he's struggling with alcohol or gambling, that's a totally different story. But if you just have have said, well, he's gonna wanna pay all our debts off and I don't agree with that, so I'm gonna hide money from him. Yeah. I, I mean I I, I shouldn't have said hit, but like he doesn't really watch the finances like I do and he just doesn't know where I'm at with how much. He doesn't realize probably that I have this much saved on the side, like, you know. Yeah. And your motivation for it, Mary, was that for some reason, if he doesn't get a job, 'cause he was on his own for so long with construction, that we'll at least have enough to pay for food next month.


'cause I'm just stashing, stashing and stashing. So it's like you're always running from behind on the defense versus being on The offense and I qualify five things at home and I just stashed that away and I just like, yeah. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, I mean, I think to, I think John makes a great point. The first thing I would do tonight, everything needs to be laid out. Everything of like, here's how much we have saved. Here's all of our debt, here's the income, here's what we spend on food. Like here's everything and here's how scared I've been and I and yeah, I have this saved over here and it's probably more than you realize. And I'm doing that for a level of safety because I was so scared these past year, these past couple years when you weren't making, you know, the money coming in and I wanted, I needed safety and now together we can start making these decisions.


So yeah, I, I would start there Mary for sure. 'cause I think that's gonna be great for your marriage. 'cause as you guys start this process and as he's starting a new job, there may be new stress there, you know, that he can come home and talk to you about. There could just be new lines of communication open that may not have been there before. So, so yeah. So I would pay it off today. Like I, yeah, I would take that 35, pay off the credit card debt, cut up the credit cards, be done with all of that. And then I, I would look to see how much it costs to run your home. Is it just you and your husband? You guys have kids? Two. Yeah. Okay. How, how old are they? Eight. Eight. Eight and 10. Eight and 10. Okay.


So yeah, I would, I would probably lean on the six month emergency fund side con considering that you're more of a conservative saver when it comes to money and that safety's very important to you and I get that, you know, we always laugh that, you know, and I'm kind of like this too. I'm like, I want my emergency fund to have an emergency fund. Like, it just feels good to like know every, you know, if everything hits the fan, we can, we can pay the mortgage and I and eat. Right. So like I get that totally how I feel. Yeah. So I would, I would do, I would run your budget and just say, okay, this is how much it costs to run our life and then multiply it by six and, and that number, I would be curious for you if that feels good. Like, okay, this, this feels right and I and, and feels right from a logical standpoint that I know if something were to happen for six months, we could be okay.


Like that's a long time. Right. So. Right. So that would be my next step. And then beyond that, when it comes to retirement, yeah, there's a couple of places. Does his, hi, I know his employer doesn't match, do they have a 401k program at all? No, nothing. Like he gets no be, yeah. No benefits. No benefits within that. Okay. The salary. How, how big is the company that he's working for? You know, like today, actually, like today's his first week. Oh, okay. Like finishing the three. Just start like, Yeah. Okay. I didn't know if it was a large type firm or if it's just, you know, eight People. Yeah, I believe it. I mean, yeah, I believe it is, but okay.


Yeah. Okay. So I would Say, I mean, he's working with a group of like 20, but there's different places around the city type of Okay. You know, there's a couple different, what do you call them? Yeah. I'm just surprised if a large company firm doesn't Yeah. Offer that point. But that's What I said. Yeah. Too, like I think they do some that way and then they do some where they give you more of a salary and it's not on them to pay out a pension to pay out insurance, like all that. Okay. You know? Okay. Like they think they're saving money actually. Gotcha. Yeah. But No, that's great. I, It's what I think I, I don't know for sure. Okay. So, so yeah. So if that's the package that Yeah. He signs onboarding and everything, right, right.


Yeah. I would open up next would be a, would be a Roth IRA and for this calendar year, you guys may not make the mark for it, but as of now, You Can each put in $7,000. So You Can actually open up a spousal Roth IRA Mary. And then with his earned income, he can be able to qualify one 50. He may, I think that the, if you're I guess a single filer, it's 1 41. Yeah. I would double check. But I think you both are still eligible to open up a Roth IRA, if not You, Can do a backdoor Roth. But I would also sit down with a smart investor pro. When you guys are in, after all this is done, after the debt's paid off, you have that emergency fund you feel good about and then you'll be investing 15% of your income after that.


And I would sit down with an investment professional and there's people in your area that, that we recommend and they're called Smart Vest pros. So Taylor can pick up when we get off this call and she can help kind of direct you and sit down with them and, and really look at the best plan moving forward. 'cause also for your kids, you have young kids and you know, what does it look like for them and college and all of it. 'cause yeah, one fifty's an incredible salaries. You guys can, especially if you're used to living on 50, you'll have a lot of margin to be able to do some really great things and just making sure that it's all directed in the right way. So congrats Mary on the new job. I know that probably makes you feel, feel great too that there's some, some more money coming in.


So excited for you guys. Thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. When you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt for example, it might seem weird at first and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird if that means you're doing things intentionally, including how you spend your healthcare dollars. And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM isn't health insurance. They're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom programs. Start as low as $98 a month, find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Folks, the Ramsey Christmas cash giveaway is here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show.


Our Ramsey show question of the day is sponsored by Why Refi. It's hard to make progress when you're trapped under an avalanche of defaulted private student loans, but Why Refi helps dig you out and get the momentum with custom refinancing based on your ability to pay. And a lump sum payoff option you could qualify for after 24 months. So go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey may not be available in all states.


Alright, Today's question comes from Bethany in Vermont.


Bethany writes, I'm really struggling. I work in the financial industry and I'm extremely embarrassed about our financial situation. I started using EveryDollar and I have been diligent for 10 months. Yes, I'm using, I as my husband is not in agreement and it's very frustrating.


He's in poor health and believes he will not live until retirement and does not need to worry about saving money for it. Oh man, we're 52 now. We combine our money, but he hates that I am, quote unquote, taking all his money. I pay all the bills and keep the budget, which I show him every month. But he would rather buy a new $600 pair of boots than save money. I met my wits and we tried counseling last year and didn't go well, how do I know when to call it quits? Well, she, what do you think, Rachel? Yeah, this Is, this is a hard one. Yeah, Bethany, I mean the, the first part of your, I'll let John answer the, the latter part of this question, but the whole idea that you're embarrassed because you work in the financial industry, that that needs to just leave.


I mean, there's a lot of bankers that are broke that don't know how to handle money and Yeah. There's lot of divorce, marriage, therapists, there's a lot of That's right. That's right. Life, life is what it is. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So your occupation, you know, I mean, letting that dictate who you are. I would not let that be a shame cycle that I feel like I feel like you're in. But yeah, you do have some major marriage issues and, and the thing that is always evident in these types of questions is that money just ends up being the one pipe that you're seeing the problems in. And it's coming from a source. And the source is, is that your husband is an immature guy. I'm like, he, he's just, he, he does not look at life as taking care of his household.


He doesn't look at life of worth living because he doesn't even think he's gonna reach retirement, which is at that point in like another six years. So yeah. So this is someone that, that from a lot of different levels isn't okay. And you happen to be married to them. So Yeah. When it gets to this point, that's, that's what makes it difficult within the marriage. Yeah. and I, I think, Rachel, you nailed it. Dave has been saying this forever, that that money is just a, it's a, it's an alarm for what's going on in your house. And what you have here is a husband who is, I've heard the phrase long tail suicide, which is, I'm just gonna drink or Netflix or lonely or just do nothing myself to death.


Right. And I'm not gonna die by suicide today, but it's just gonna be this long fade out and I'm gonna take every person who loves me with me 'cause they're gonna watch it in slow motion and I don't care enough. Like you said, I don't care enough about the spirit and inside my own skin, I don't care enough about the, the woman who said I do and married me and is watching this thing happen in real time. I just don't care. Stop messing with my money and giving me rules and I'm gonna go buy a new pair of boots that You Can bury me in. Right. I don't, I can't answer the the question, how do I know when to call it quits? That there's you, I just, I can't answer that with this little information.


What I can say is, it sounds like there needs to begin and, and I say this reluctantly, you need to begin to separate your money because this is getting, it looks like I always look for trend lines. Yeah. And this is one of those that feels like it's escalating and I've been working hard for 10 months. He's in poor health now. He thinks he's gonna die soon. So now he wants to buy the, like it's starting to just trend line one way Yep. In a negative direction. And, and you don't, You gotta protect yourself and Yeah. And at this point your future is right. Is up in the air because of his choices of spending. Right. And so when it comes to call it quits about sharing your money, I think y'all are there maybe You Can share some household bills, but you need to make sure your four walls are covered, Bethany.


Yeah. 'cause you have somebody who is actively trying to wreck the car. Yeah. And, and at some point maybe he goes and talks to somebody. But that, that's down the road here. And all I can say is I'm, I, it breaks my heart for you, but I'm, I'm never gonna tell somebody unless it's a very specific situation. You need to get outta this right now. So I can't tell you to call it co Yeah, Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry Kayla. Tough Or Bethany. So sorry. I hope, I hope that's helpful. Alright, let's go to the phones and we have Kayla in Fort Worth, Texas. Hey Kayla Welcome to The show. Hi. So hello. Hello. We've had, can you hear me?


Yes, we can. Yeah. How can We help. So my husband and I have had some bad luck with our cars recently. We're following the baby steps, but we are so, so frustrated and I just need some encouragement to not get a loan for a new car. And also advice for what to actually do since we've only recently finished our emergency fund. Okay. Yeah. So you guys have your a thousand dollars? No, we have a fully funded Oh the fully funded funded. Oh, okay. Okay. So what's the situation with the car or both of them? What's going on? Yeah, so going back to July at that point we're working on our emergency fund and then after that we plan to save up to your, replace my husband's car. But that's when my car, which is five years and 200,000 miles newer than his car, the engine just just went out.


So we took to the dealership and they are still, you know, four months later waiting for a backorder part. They have no idea when they're gonna have it. And they wanna meet with us tomorrow to go over some options and we're expecting them to try and get out of fixing our car. And then last month at an oil change, my husband's car, they found maintenance needed that's worth, that's like more than the car is worth, which just like, kind of broke me a little. So I, I you know, it's before you go make up a story about what's gonna happen tomorrow, wait till tomorrow. Okay. Okay. And let's see what they're gonna do. 'cause if this part is under warranty and they can't do it, they need to make you whole and they make you Right. It's not under warranty.


Okay. So y'all are trying to buy a part and they, they don't have it for you. So they, we had, they were going to fix our car, fix the engine, but they're waiting for a part to come in from like their, from their headquarter dealership I guess. Okay. And that they've been waiting for four months. They have no idea when they're gonna have anything. How come you haven't taken the car out and taken it to another shop? It's so we're with the actual like dealership that we Yeah. but it, it doesn't matter if, if it's not under warranty then they're just like a regular old Mechanic at Yeah. At point mechanic. They're just trying to make extra money on you and They're actually probably the more expensive route, Kayla, to be honest. Guaranteed. Yeah. I would go Is the car, is the car drivable or has it been sitting there for four months?


It's been sitting there for four months. They've already got the engine taken apart. Yeah. So if they can't fix your car, then they have to put it back together in the original shape it was in. And I, here's the deal. you have to go in tomorrow without the possibility that you're going to take out a loan. Like there's no kind of, there's no encouragement or no like Pat on the back. What were like Rachel and I man. What you're going through is, is is mind-numbingly frustrating and I hate how badly you've been treated. Had this, had you called three months and two weeks ago I would've told you to march in there. Right. But four months, they're just dragging you around. Dragging you around.


Yeah. And they're gonna try to, they're gonna try to slough a new car off on you and say, Hey, we're gonna give you $1,500 off just to make this thing. Right. Have they, have they given you any price on what the part, how much this is all gonna cost? 'cause I would get that information tomorrow and then I, I would get a second opinion. I mean, even If, you have to tow the thing to another mechanic just to be like, Hey, that like I need you to look at this and how much would this part cost you and go get options. 'cause that's the frustrating thing about the car industry is it's like, oh my god, one person here, it's one price, one over here. I mean it's just, it's wild. So, And the maintenance on that, on that, your husband's car, I would say thank you very much and take it to a completely different person and get a second opinion On it. I would, yep. Second and third opinion always when it comes to this.


Okay. And how much, how much are your cars worth if you were to sell 'em? My car when it's whole would be about $7,000. Okay. And it's about 2,500. Okay. And how much do you guys have in your emergency fund? We have 24,000 right Now. Okay. Well Kayla, that's why you got your emergency funds. Yeah. I hate, hate to say that, that I would be, do not borrow a car. Yep. No, do not get, get a loan. I would UI would. Yeah. I mean this is why you have an emergency fund so you don't have to go into debt. So I would raise Hell in that, in that auto dealership. They have treated you very, very Poorly for sure. But I would be using some of this money either to replace a car or to use this cash to be able to get it fixed.


ASAP and Do not buy a car from them. They're not people of integrity. Thanks for the call Kayla. This is The Ramsey


Show. Motivating your team to work and lead with the same passion you have is one of the toughest things in leadership, but it's crucial if you want to scale your business. Fortunately, entree Leadership Summit is the leadership event that will equip you to build a team that fights shoulder to shoulder with you. So You Can grow like never before. Join us in Denver, Colorado, May 18th through the 21st by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash summit. Or click the link in the show notes


Welcome to The Ramsey show. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with Dr John Delony and taking your calls. So up next we have Heather in Orlando. Hey Heather, Welcome to The show. Hi. thank you. It's an honor to be on. Absolutely. We're glad you called How. can We help? Well, I had written in because I, we have two adult children that have moved back home and we are charging them rent. However, I do feel guilty about it at times. And then I feel like we're being taken advantage other times. So I just wanted to hear what your take would be on it. I was About to high five you. So tell me about your sons.


So our second, we have four children. Our second son, he lost his job a couple about a year and a half ago. How old is he? And he was 29, he's now 30. Okay. And he, he was renting a place with our youngest son and he was behind on his rent. And we, we paid to have his rent caught up so our other son wouldn't get penalized for it. Then we allowed him to move in. He was without a job for six months. He did get a job and once he started we were having him pay $200 back for the loan and $200 back for rent. So that has been going on since last August.


And then our younger son, he was supposed to get married and that didn't happen and his housing fell through. So he, at the last minute asked if he could move with in with us at the end of August. So he's been here for two months and we just started charging him rent, so. Okay. Oh, They make a lot of money. You do or They do? They do. Yeah. So I mean, we we're fine. My husband and I are fine, but they do make a lot of money and at times I feel like we're being taken for granted. You Are, you are. Okay. I, I've, I've, I'm working on a huge project and one of the chapters of the project right now is tentatively titled Millions of Unairable Men.


And these are men that always go through life with a safety net that is probably mom's house. Yeah. And what it's robbing them of is, I mean, you're talking about a 30-year-old who makes great money. Essentially what's happening here is, and by the way, the thought, I have a 14-year-old, the thought of him moving away in four years, I can get choked up without even, without even blinking twice. Okay. Right, Right. So I get it. And if you throw in any sort of divorce or childhood issues, there's always this sense parents feel, if I wanna catch up, I wanna make this thing right. I don't, I don't wanna contribute anything any more hurt or anything like that. But here's what's happening.


Millions and millions of parents are walking into the gym and watching their kids struggling and they run over and take the weight of off the bar, and then their kids are 30 years old and they get laid off and the kid looks around and just goes, mommy, and you. And here's the thing, it feels good, doesn't it? Yeah. Yes. It feels so good. Sometimes. Sometimes I get angry about it. Okay. It's good. I'm glad you, I'm glad you feel both and, and both of those are normal reactions. I want my son and my daughter to always know no matter what, no matter what, they will always know where the key is to come into my house.


They're always welcome home. Right. and I want them to be strong enough to really never have to. Right. Yeah. And see my husband and I, we got married young, okay. 19 and 21 and we had four kids, you know Right. Within seven years. And we never, we worked our butts off to, you know, just live paycheck to paycheck. So we never had a safety net, either one of us. And so we always wanted to make sure that our kids didn't feel that and that we were that. So our oldest son is married, has a, a 3-year-old and another on the way. He's never come back home since he's been married.


But our other three kids have come back, all of them, two of them have come back twice. And then our youngest just came back. But You, Can, I tell you why they come back Because they can. Yep. Because they can. and I, I I, I do think there's a moment in time when the greatest gift you could give them is their independence. and I think there's something fair to say, Hey, me and this old man over here, your husband, we got married real young, we had all four kids and we want to have our adventures. Y'all are moving out. You got three months, you got six months, you got 90 days, you got 60 days. What I've been telling parents is this, tell 'em they got 60 days, or thir, let's say 30 days, maybe 60 days at the most and say, I'll give you another 30 days if y'all watch all nine FPU lessons back to back to back, you watch all these lessons.


I'll give you another month. You Can stay to launch. But just as a, you Know, and what's, and what's so hard about this, Heather, is you know, what you intended as a mom to help and to be a gift and to be a blessing when that is not done with boundaries, with clear communication, with an end date. Like the son that you know was gonna get married ended up falling. It didn't happen. And so his housing, you know, who knows what that story is. And I'm like, yeah. If he's like, oh my gosh, I was supposed to move in here and now I can't, you know, get rent somewhere. Can I, can I stay with you guys for a month while I find another place? Right. Like, I mean, there's a, there's a, there's, there's, there's common sense in this, right? So, right. It's not that you're not being, you know, half-hearted about it, but also what that ends up being.


That gift and that great heart that you have, Heather, it ends up hindering your kids. And it's, and it's the enabling side that is so difficult. I was reading a, a parenting book recently and they were talking about how my generation, my, my, the boomer parents ended up kind of becoming helicopter parents to a degree toward the end of like my high school when phones started to be a thing. And they said, you know, hover, hover, hover, hover, hover. And nowadays the style of parenting is not helicopter parents, but they're snowplow parents. Yeah. Bulls parents. So they go through and they just clear the way where there's no bumps, no moguls. They don't have to, they don't have to get nervous that oh my God, I'm about to fall. Nothing. It is a clear path and what that and what, and again, if we knew that that was the healthiest thing for people and they would end up on the other side being a healthier person, then that's great.


but it doesn't, It doesn't, it doesn't help. All The research shows it's the opposite. It's exactly what you were saying about the weights. It's a great picture. Yeah. 'cause they end up being weak. Like there's no Yeah. They're just not strong. There's no strength. That's right. and I don't know if this helps at all, Heather, but we had Taylor, our beautiful Taylor in the booth. She's our phone screener. She's wonderful. And, and when, when you said yeah, about un marryable women, she's nodding her head because a lot of men in their twenties and thirties are back home and great girls are like, oh, oh, but I gotta, I got a failure to launch Matthew McConaughey. That's right. That's right. I gotta go home to your parents to like, And, and here's the thing, parents, for those of us, listen, I remember pacing the house with my wife asleep, not knowing how we were gonna do it.


Like those, those that I can get the struggle. Yeah. Real visceral, real quick. My son and my daughter, hopefully thank God, will never experience that. That doesn't mean that they have won. That means that I'm gonna have to do different things to inject challenges into their lives. Yes. Meaning I could buy you a car. I'm not going to, I could pay for everything. I'm not going to, I've got to inject struggle because at the end of the day, I don't wanna waking up and being 30 and because of me, they don't have strength and they don't have grit. That doesn't mean we're gonna intentionally make 'em suffer, but that means I've gotta be intentional about making sure they've got strength, that they develop different places that I developed. Right? Yeah, absolutely. Just Part of It. Yeah. And the relational aspect of life, whether it's within a marriage, you know, kids, adult kids, I mean, all of it.


It is, there's a, there's a lot of obstacles and complications in different situations. But that's one thing, John, you talk a lot about.


So I'm really pumped that you and Dave Ramsey are going on tour. Yeah, we're Gonna be on the road. I know. So you guys are doing a money and relationships tour. It's Dave and the kid. So It's Dave and the kid. And again, it's, this is such a fun event because you, the audience shape the content that they're doing. So it's calls just like this of like, oh my gosh, relationally, here's the thing I'm dealing with or my money, here's this over here. And that, depending on the city, depending on who's in the audience, ends up building out the event, which I love. I think so fun. So Every show gonna be different, all these stories and Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm pretty excited about this. I don't usually get nervous. I'm kind of nervous for this a me and Dave being on stage together for two and a half hours. It's gonna be a trip. Yeah, it's gonna be funny. And the audience lobbing grenades and it's gonna be a blast, man. So good. So if you are in Louisville, they'll be there. April 21st, Durham, April 23rd. Atlanta. April 25th. That's my birthday. Happy birthday Rachel. I'm gonna Get you two tickets. Oh my gosh. What a great gift. Phoenix May 5th Fort Worth, May 7th in Kansas City, May 6th, You Can. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour to check it out.


And all of you listening on podcast and watching on YouTube, the show is ending for you. But if you head over to The Ramsey Network app, it is free. You Can, watch the third hour completely distraction free, which is awesome, and go further into all the content we have there. So make sure to check out The Ramsey Network app and we will see you there. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free then right there on the home screen. You Can. Watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.