
Hey guys, Dave Ramsey here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships.


George Kamel RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Thanks for hanging out with us America. Lucy is in New York. Hi Lucy. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. What's up in your world? Hi Dave. Hi George. How are you? Better than we deserve. What's up? So, this is a crazy question, but I'm gonna try and keep it brief. My childhood home where my dad still lives is in LLC with three other family member homes. There's five shares on each home, him, his parents, and his two siblings, and my dad's in poor health right now and it will get passed down to me and my sisters after.


And we just don't know how to even go about dealing with this due to the situation and other things. We just won't have peaceful use of this home. So we would like to sell it, but we have to sell it to one of the other owners and we just don't know what to do. Yeah, well you have no control. They've structured, they've structured this to where they have the control. Yeah. And so it sounds like you're probably at their mercy is, is there anything in the documentation that dictates the price at which one of the other people buy you out at? So I believe it's fair market value, but since my sisters and I will only have own one fifth of the house, does that mean if we can sell it to them, that we would only get one fifth of that.


So your dad owns one fifth? Yeah. So like right now, six people actually own his house because, But he also owns, he also owns one fifth of all of theirs, right? Correct. Yes. Yeah. So it's your one fifth is one fifth of the total package of four houses. Okay. The total value of four houses you own one fifth of. Okay. So that's kind of what we would sell it for then is the one fifth value of the four. Yeah, that's, that's probably equal to more than one house. Yeah. Okay. Oh, that then You and your siblings would split that. You said you have sisters?


Yes. So our plan is actually to give it to our mom, the profits of it. Her and my dad built this house with their own hands when they were teenagers. And So we would like to see the money just go to her, but we wanna make sure we're treated fairly in the cell of it. And the family has not been fair with anything else. But they can't afford, they're very wealthy, they can afford to buy us out. Well, you, you, you know, I don't know what the documentation says. That's the question is does the LLC say that you have the right to call them to cause them to purchase, to buy you out? Do you have the right to demand that? And I'm a little shocked as controlling as they've been on everything else that they would have that in the documentation.


But if it's simply, if it's that simple that says, you can say you send a certified letter. Do you, do you have copies of the LLC? Yes, my parents do have them. And then there's a couple other in the family. Yeah, you need to take, you need to take a copy of the LLC to an attorney and they can tell you what your rights are. But if it, if it is a, if it states, and I don't know 'cause I haven't read it out and you haven't either, but if it does state that you can just send them a certified letter and in so many days, 30 days, 60 days or whatever they have to buy you out of your one fifth of the whole thing, then that's what it, you know, the, the value, the evaluation will have to be placed on all four of the houses.


And you know, one fifth of that, 20% of that comes to you and your sister, they buy you out and Okay. Then you've got to decide, you know, your, your mother and father are divorced, Separated, not divorced yet. Okay. But she was never put on the deed, none of the staff Separated. No, that's not the question. I'm just wondering why, why she's not already in the mix, but okay. All Right. So that, that she doesn't live there and you're wanna give her all of this money. Yeah. Okay. Alright. So what do you think the four houses are worth? It's lake frontage property on Lake Ontario.


There's a few million, to be honest. Wow, Okay. There's, So if it's, if it's, it's very, it's a huge compound. Yeah. If It's 2 million, it's 400 grand coming to you. Okay. Okay. And is this Canadian or US law? We're in New York. I know, but I know you're in New York, but I use, okay, I'm just making sure. So if that's, oh yes. Yeah. So you also need to get tax advice 'cause you can't just write somebody a 400,000 check without creating a gift tax problem. Okay. So you give this, if they, if they buy you out and you are the lawful owner, then that money is yours and you just give it to your mom, you're gonna create a big tax problem.


So you need to, there's a way to do that called the unified Estate tax credit. But you need to seek good estate planning tax advice in this whole thing as well. So two things. One is get the, get the LLC to an attorney. If your dad's in ill health go ahead and do it right now. These just gimme heart palpitations the complexity of this where you go, All Right, 17 people will eventually own these nine properties. That's not a blessing. No Left to deal with that mess. Not, not given that they also live there. I mean, if you had, like, I've got 17 properties that will be left to the three RAMSEY Ramseys the next generation, and then there's a eight following them that it would be left two, it's the grandkids Okay.


Called grandkids. So eight of them could be easily managing or owning a, a whole portfolio of real estate, but they're not living in any of it. They're individual homes or their homes. So, but that's different than a family compound situation, which is a sweet idea until it's not, you know, it's a, it's a problem. So, wow. You have to hope that there is a clause in the LLC that says you can actually Force the site your Share to be sold to the remaining parties. Yeah. And if it's not, she might be outta luck. She just, I don't know. I mean, you gotta ask. That's tough. You have to ask an attorney what your options are, but it doesn't sound like you've got a lot of power here.


And that sounds like that was the intent. They like it that way. So They like it where they have the power and not you. Yeah. So be careful what you sign up for. And see, this is one of those things that when all of these people sat down together, her dad and mom were together, they sat with his mom and dad, they sat with his brother and whoever else, right? There's three other houses. So two siblings and mom and dad, they all sat down and said, Hey, let's go buy this lake property and we'll just do a compound and mom and dad will pay for it and get it going. And then we, they'll give us the land and all be in the LLC and we all love each other. And that's how it started.


But it really wasn't very well thought out because the long-term unintended consequences of here and now we sit and there's no exit strategy for people not getting along. So You have to think through all of the what ifs. Yeah. And, and if you do, it'll lead you to not do this is what it'd be. So the only one that this worked for was the grandparents. No one else has had fun in this deal. And the, the grandkids now resent their grandparents. That didn't work out. Not the intended goal here of leaving a legacy. Why? Because we screwed around with stuff and it got all mixed up in relationships instead of just keeping stuff real clean, basic boundaries.


Love you. You have a nice life over there. Come over here and eat dinner with us. You got your life over there. Mm. Yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah, it's when it's your personal residence, it's very, very, very sticky. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows student loan debt is a problem. It's me, my husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for auto pay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from student loan debt. If you want 'em gone, you can't mess around. Go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


Anna is with us in New Delhi, India. Hi Anna, Welcome to The Ramsey Show Show. Hello. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So my question is, I wanna know how much do I need to understand about our investments? You say don't invest if you don't understand. I manage the US investments for me and my husband, and my husband manages our India investments as he's an Indian citizen. Do I actually need to know about it? Or is it okay for me to just be like, that sounds great, honey. Thanks. You need to know about it. Okay. The only caveat, the only caveat is I have no idea what part of Indian culture I just stepped in.


Okay. You didn't step into any, don't worry. Okay. It's, but I mean, well, I mean, I don't, I'm not, I've not got him on the phone. He's Indian. You're, you're obviously American. Okay. So every month we sit down and he shows me the spreadsheet, it shows me where all Of our money. Okay. So he's very open to this idea. You're just trying to figure it out. Oh yeah. Okay. So yes. What what I found out was I was investing in real estate like crazy. I was really good at it. And I've owned, we, Sharon and I have owned real estate. She never saw, so, like you're saying, she said, whatever you wanna do, honey, I trust you. Yeah. Well it turns out I was an idiot.


So it would've been better had she actually been helping me by looking at that and saying, you know, it just doesn't feel right. I got a bad feeling about that. And that's how she would've phrased it. And she, and yeah, and that would've given me pause. Well, it wouldn't have given me pause in those days 'cause I didn't listen to anybody. But, but now I understand that who can find a virtuous wife or worth as far above Ruby as the heart of her husband, safely trusts her and he will have no lack of gain. So it turns out that when you're married, you need to use all of your brain, which is both of you.


Okay. And it's, it's, you'll make better decisions. It's just better wisdom. And I, I'm not saying he's, he's probably a lot smarter than I was. That wouldn't be, that'd be a low bar. But the, but he's probably doing good stuff. I mean, he's probably, you know, and he's open to letting you see it. There's no hiding and there, there's no arrogance or anything like that in the way you've described this, which is really good sign. But Yeah. But I, I think if something happened to him, I would want you to know what you had. Yeah. And vice versa. And that when you work together, you make better decisions. Now, George, you and Whitney have been married how long?


Seven years now. Okay. So that's different than an old dog like me being married. Almost 43. All Right. But you guys have used that same principle because we teach that principle and George is the nerd by far. I mean he's a hundred percent's deep down in the investments also The eye candy, but nerd As well. Oh, brother. Yeah. And the humble. And humble. If You're watching on YouTube, you'll know that was a joke. But the, but what we do. But anyway, Whitney would be, she would, she's sweet and she would be someone that would normally say, I trust you, George, whatever you want to do. Exactly. And she also occasionally goes, Hey, how are the investment accounts doing? Where are we at with our savings plan? And I go, here you go. She has the access, she knows the Logins and she, but she understands it.


She understands what we're doing, why we're doing it, the Principles, why would you go to that trouble? Exactly. 'cause that's what we teach, I guess. But yeah. Yeah. And so part of it is just knowing that if you ask questions, you should be able to answer them with honesty and show you the accounts, give you access to the accounts and understand the principles. Good job, Anna. Very cool. Interesting question. Shelby's in Jacksonville, Florida. Hi Shelby. How are you? Good. How are you? Better than I deserve. How can I help? So my husband and I make about 4,800 to $5,000 a month. You know, give or take over time, things like that. But I, and our mortgage payment is 1750 a month.


And I mean, obviously we have other bills. We end up usually being able to save about $400 a month, which isn't, I'm, I'm, I'd like to save more than that. So I'm trying to figure out how to increase our income. Should I, I have this idea to start a small business or should I just go get a regular, like part-time job? Are you guys debt free? No, so we probably, we just had a daughter, she's eight months old, so we're, you know, obviously getting bills from hospital stays and stuff like that from her. And then I have a $10,000 student loan.


So we have about, I don't know, about 20, $25,000 worth of debt. Okay. So you need money. You did not have insurance on the delivery? We did, but that was after insurance. You didn't have $10,000 over a insurance on delivery of medical bills? No, I mean, I'm just kind of, honestly, that's like a guesstimate. I, that's not just delivery. That's like, I had a high risk pregnancy, so I had to go to a lot of different doctors. So I'm getting bills from that and stuff like that. It's not just Okay. From delivery, it's just medical bills in general. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, and it's probably not 10, it's probably more like five when you get into it, but, okay.


Yeah. Yeah. I, I kind of tend to like over Yeah. Budget and things like that. Alright. So I, I love the idea of a small business. I don't know that now is the time to do it depending on what type it is and what kind of investment you're talking about. 'cause a small business might mean I gotta invest 10 grand and I might not make money for two years. Well that sucks when you're in debt. No. So I'm thinking more so of, and I mean I'm, I don't know, but I'm thinking more so I'm trying to start like a photo booth business and I've done some research. It's minimal startup. We kind of have a lot of the equipment already. I think I could start making money very soon. Obviously that's, I'm not naturally, like I I'm not like a go-getter as far as like being my own boss or anything like that.


So I don't know exactly what I'm doing in that aspect of it. I, I think right now what you would concentrate on is with a new baby in the house and cleaning up these bills, I think you want the quick money. So that's gonna be, that's gonna be a traditional something that just hands you money Right. Right now. Right, right. Later on we might try a business idea, but right now, I mean, you're eight months, you, you're not, y'all aren't even sleeping great. So, well, We actually do have a really easy baby, So we do sleep really good, but yeah. Yes. Yeah, I understand. Yeah. I I I sleep a lot better. There are no babies in my house. Okay. So I'm just saying.


Oh yeah, Yeah. It's a hard time. It's a, it's a, you know, you're carrying a load right now of other things and it's probably the time just to make it some extra money. And your first goal is not saving, your first goal is clear these debts. Right? I want you to get a thousand. Do you have any money saved now? Yeah, we have. So we, we bought this house. We had, we had a house previously, So we have some money. We didn't use all of our money into this house. So we have like eight grand right now in our savings account. So, Okay. And so you could clean up these student loans today? I mean the, these medical bills today? Yes. Yeah.


I want y'all. Yeah, I could clean up some of them. Yeah. I want y'all, I want y'all to make a list of all of 'em tonight and pay 'em all tonight. Yeah. 'cause that's, I mean, we've always, we've never been able to save like a significant amount of money and I've thought about just using that money to pay it off. Yeah, but it's like having a security blanket in the Account. No, I, I'm telling you, if you wanna build wealth, the first step is to clear your debt. Their second step is to build a fully funded emergency fund. And then your third step is to begin investing long term. And you're gonna do that by getting on a detailed budget, making EveryDollar behave and go create some extra income, which you were offering to do. And that's why you called. So we're gonna add some income. We're not gonna have any medical bills hanging over our head after tonight.


We have a smaller savings and then we need to knock a student loan out by Christmas. Okay. But done with it. And then when you've got no payments and you're doing a detailed budget and EveryDollar is behaving, then you're gonna see some serious ability to stack cash and really start to build a good emergency fund. 'cause you guys probably ought to have a 25 or $30,000 emergency fund when you're done with this, then you start, right? Then you start doing your investing for the kids' college, for your retirement and you start to build some wealth, but, right. But so far you've kind of just wandered along on the money thing. And what I'm telling you to do is get very serious and very detailed and very sacrificial.


And like this matters because it does, you have an eight month old, this really matters. So hang on, we'll get you signed up for EveryDollar Premium, which is our, the world's best budgeting app. And it'll show you how to do everything in there. And that'll get you started and get you going. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, when you're gazelle intense, you sell so much stuff, the kids think they're next. But when you've gotten rid of all you can save money by switching your cell phone plan to boost mobile, it's just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data Forever. Boost is a major nationwide network that offers reliable 5G service. And here's my favorite part, transparent pricing. There's no hidden fees, no contracts, and there's a 30 day money back guarantee, which means no risk. Go to boost mobile.com/ RAMSEY to switch today. That's boost mobile.com/ RAMSEY.


Lemme Tell you the God, It's holy week in Jerusalem and the city is restless. The people of Israel welcome Jesus as king. His followers ready for revolution. But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables walk To you, scribes and Pharisees. How will you escape being contempt to hell Experience holy week like never before. What if you done now in theaters, the chosen last supper? Get your tickets. Now


If you're running a business or you know someone is, that is, you know, one thing for sure, like I do, it's hard when you go to work for yourself, you'll find out that your boss is a jerk. It'll work you like a rented mule. I mean, you just work all the time because you gotta get stuff done, man. You gotta get started, you gotta get the thing moving. It's, if it's to be, it's up to me. You gotta, you gotta do it. And one of the things we found at RAMSEY over the years of building this company from a card table in my living room to where it is today, over the last 35 years and now coaching over 10,000 small businesses, we've discovered that there are five distinct stages that small business goes through. And, and there are six things that drive you through those five stages. This outlines the clear path, kind of the baby steps for small businesses. It's the entree leadership system and we teach it to small businesses all the time. So we decided to put it into a book. It's called Build a Business You Love. The book will come out next week, it's 29 99, but if you buy it before next week in the presale time, like right now, you'll get over $350 in free bonus items like access to instant access to the EntreLeadership hiring playbook, number one pain point of small business hiring and firing the ebook, the enhanced audio book. The audio book for this is different. We really put a bunch of fun stuff in it and it's more like listening to a podcast than an ebook, than a than an audio book. So check it all out pre-order at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or YouTuber podcasters, you can click in the link, click the link in the description and get going.


Carolyn's with us in Cleveland. Hi Carolyn, how are you? Good, how are you doing? Better than I deserve. What's up? Well, I'm a widow and I'm 81 years old and I am trying to come up with the best way to take the money I do have and make a short term investment because being at 81, I don't think I'd qualify for the s and p. So I'm looking for suggestions from you as to where to put my $43,000. Okay. Alright. Are you using the 43,000 for living?


Well, no, there's $18,000 in my checking account. $17,000 in my savings account and I have cash on hand of $16,060 and my yearly income is 66,864. So the money that I saved. So you can, you can live on the income you have coming in without touching this money? Correct. Okay, good. In fact, I usually take about $2,000 out of it out of my monthly income and I keep it to build up on my cash.


Yeah, that's how you got all that money in checking. Yeah. Okay. Right. Good. And I really should take some of the money in checking and switch some of that over to my savings. Yeah, you should, but I'm not getting anything in my savings or anything on my checking and so No, you're not, you probably just, but, but I don't want you taking a bunch of risk with it. Like you said, the s and p, you know, that's probably, I don't, I don't want that money to go down in value three weeks after you put it in there. That would scare me for you. 'cause you don't have a big pile of money. If you had 400,000 or something, we'd have a different conversation. But with 40,000, I would just use a high yield savings. And George, what are you getting on high yield savings these days?


Current rates are about 3.80, Not great Is what I've been seeing. They've been ticking down over the last few months, but that's still better than your 0%. And so I would put anything above your expenses that you need in that checking account. I would store the rest in a high yield savings account. Yeah, It's not, it's not making a ton. It's not exactly high yield. It's kind of a misnomer. If it's only 3%, that's kind of like a low yield savings account, but It's gonna be, you know, 1500 bucks a year. Yeah, you'll make a little bit a hundred bucks a month. But, but you could lose that much in one week if you had it invested, say in s and p or something along those lines. Or even a growth in income, something calmer than an s and p but still could go, I mean, could go down. And we've had that experience in the last, well, the last week with the tariff stuff going on, the stock market's gone bananas.


And so, you know, you could have lost $4,000 of your 40 in the last week in value. And so The key is if you need it anytime soon, Don't, don't invest. You don't, you don't have that margin. Yeah. I don't want you losing $4,000 in a week because the president is playing tariff games. You can't, you can't do that. Right. And so I can afford to take that hit, so I'll be in there, but you know that, that's not that big. A huge mystic. And So we don't wanna lose 10% of your 40,000. So no, I, I, I think high yield savings and just hold your nose and you're not making much money on it, just keep Up with Inflation. But such is life and that's how it works, you know, so, ouch. Candace is in Cleveland, Ohio as well.


Hi, Candace. How are you? I'm good. How are you guys? Better than we deserve. What's up? So my parents are giving me $60,000. They ask that. One thing I do is to put it towards a new car and I don't know what to do with the rest of the money and it makes me Okay. A a a better car. I hope not a brand new car. No, I don't, I don't want a new car at all. Oh, okay. Okay. So where are you at financially? What's your income? I work for myself and with that I make about 60 and then I have a part-time job and I make about 25,000 Way to Go.


So you're making 85, are you single? Yes. How old are you? And I have a 13-year-old. I'll be 35 in two weeks. Good for you. Okay. And and you have a 13-year-old. All Right. And do you have any debt? No, I actually just finished your book last week and paid off my credit cards two weeks ago and I don't have any student loans. I love it. Candace. Awesome. You got some money in savings? I have a thousand in my savings and then my son has about 3000 right now. I do pay him for my company, so each year I can get up to the max of paying him. Cool. So you put in, so, so you were a total money makeover?


Yes. Okay. So a thousand dollars is baby step one being debt free other than the houses baby. Step two, that's where you are. So you need to move to baby step three and fully fund your emergency fund, don't you? Yes, I do. Okay, so that's what we're gonna use some of the 64. And what kind of car are you driving currently? It's a Nissan Rogue 2015. It has 162,000. Okay. And I did replace the transmission a year ago, which was 6,000. So I'm kind of done with this car. Okay, so you're gonna trade cars. How much are we gonna spend on a car above what this brings? Right now?


I looked at the value, it only would give me about 2000 and I was just gonna hold onto it so that my son can learn how to drive on it and he can kind of tear it up in like the next year or So. Okay. So what are you gonna spend on a car? I did not want to go over 30,000 at all. Oh no, I wouldn't. I I think 20 is your max. Okay. Yeah, I put 20 on a car and then I would do the emergency fund of three to six months of expenses. And so you probably need 25 in there. So we've about used up chunk 45 outta six, big chunk of the money. Then that leaves you 15. And you can move that some of that towards your son's college fund and some towards your Roth IRAs and start your retirement going, right?


Yes. Yes. That's Pretty cool. All I did was follow the baby steps. Did you hear it? Okay. Yes. So it should be about 15 left to put in the savings is what you're saying? Yeah, I mean if you put 25 on a car or 25 in the emergency fund, 20 on a car that's 45 of 60, correct? Yes. And seven grand would max out a Roth IRA for the year. Yes. And then you got eight Leftover. Okay. If you do it it before tax, before you file your, have you filed your taxes yet? Yes, I did already. Okay. And then you could do seven grand and you could do seven grand next year and so on. But yeah, you're right on track now. Your mom and dad just gave you a $60,000 gift. They understand there's gift tax involved, So they're giving me some and giving my sister some too.


I know, but there is no gift tax. But the, the max there is a gift tax. Anything over 19,000 is a gift tax. So your mom could give you 19,000. Your dad can give you 19,000, but that's only 38, which leaves them taxable above that. So they need to get some tax advice because there's a way they can do this with the unified estate tax credit. But if they just write you a check and then they get audited, they're gonna get hammered for gift tax. So you need folks be aware, 19 thousand's a max. Now again, you could do four times that if it's couple to couple, but this is a couple to an individual. So double that. Mom gives her 19, dad gives her nineteens your max.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting. But you don't wanna do it for, because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. So why, why is that? Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner, changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Yes.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. You know, that's why we're partnering with them because they're, they're, they've got a scope to be able to handle the RAMSEY audience and they're the right kind of people with the right kind of values. And they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took, it took less than five minutes. It was so user friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience and I, I so, so appreciate that. So again, you guys, I know it can be a pain to switch banks or to open up new accounts, but fairwinds again, they make it so easy. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learnmore, that's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by why refi, why refi offers a different approach to paying off you're defaulted private student loans with a low fixed rate, less stress. It's a deal. You can get the loan back moving again and you can get it paid off. Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Brooklyn and Maryland. She asks, my husband's pay has increased to 115,000 this year with a possibility of increasing to 200,000 in the next two years. He's 35 and we hope to have children soon. We have a $750,000 x or term life policy for him. Should we increase the life insurance amount based on his income increasing or are we okay to stay with the $750,000 policy? We're on baby step two with about a hundred thousand dollars of debt we rent and don't plan to purchase a home until we have a fully funded emergency fund and at least a 20% down payment. Good. Yeah. A lot of good things happening here. So the question is, income increases. We recommend 10 to 12 times your income in a term life policy.


And so he's making more than 75. Now it's time to get probably a keep the policy you have and add a new one onto there. Yep. To supplement it. Yeah. That's what I would look at. What you can do is price that and say, alright, I'm, you don't have kids yet, so if if he passed away today and you got 750, you probably are fine. Your expenses haven't doubled. Yeah, you're, you're probably fine. Now, if you wanted to replace the income and the lifestyle associated with this income for you and a couple of kids, then you're not fine. And so you, you know, you're gonna kick it up to about 2 million. But, you know, price another million if you wanted to. And look at how expensive it is.


It's not very expensive if you're, you know, it sounds like, I'm gonna guess and say healthy, he 30 5-year-old, I'm gonna guess and say they're in their twenties. He's, Oh no, he's 35. He's 35. Yeah. And you know, if you're not overweight and you don't smoke and you're 35 years old, it just doesn't cost that much. But those are the two be those are the obesity and smoking are the two biggest factors. They'll blow your life insurance through the roof, but the likely Less than a hundred bucks a month. Yeah. Based on what I've seen from these. And you've got a hundred thousand you're trying to pay off. So you might say, I'm gonna price it, and then based on what the price is, if it's really cheap, I'll go ahead and do it. If it's feels and out cheap while I'm trying to get outta debt, I might wait a year to do it. It's not the end of the world.


You're gonna be fine either way, but yeah, you're, you're really wise to be staying up on it and asking the question. And George is right. The, the ideal amount is about 12 times your income. So somewhere around $2 million in this situation, which would be adding 1.25 if you, if we said if we wanted to be real ticky-tacky about it, but, and if you were out of debt and in your emergency fund, I'd say do it right now. But eh, you, you don't wanna pick up that extra a hundred bucks. Maybe not right now. You, maybe you wanna use that towards the debt. So price it out with Xandr and Xander Insurance to see where you land. And that'll kind of tell you if you, if you kind of flinch a little, then just wait a little bit.


But if it doesn't feel like the cost of a pizza, then go ahead and do it. You know, that kind of thing. And that's really term insurance is so inexpensive that it's mind blowing that it really doesn't become a huge budget Buster Trevor is in Baton Rouge. Hi Trevor. How are you Doing? Good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I just calling for some advice. I got a, my wife had gotten pregnant and due to her job she couldn't work while pregnant. So due to that we ended up getting behind our house note and we have about $20,000 in, in debt. And I was just wondering where should I go from here? Hmm. How much is your house payment?


It's 21 a month. 2100 a Month. What do you make? I made, last year I made about 70 5K. Okay. So you're taking home about four grand? Yeah. How many payments are you behind? I'm behind $18,000, so I don't, I don't know know the month, I think around 9, 8, 9 months. Yeah. When's your baby coming, honey? We've had her already, my wife went back to work Thursday. Oh good. Yeah, she's, she's three months old. Yeah. Okay. So what's your wife make? She brings home, but she, she's working less hours now. So we're, she's gonna be bringing home about 45 this year.


Okay. She's working less hours because she has a three month old, Correct? Yeah, she's gonna be working part-time now. Who's the baby staying with Us. Oh, so her, at her work, they have a, they have a playhouse that she pays $180 a week for. Can she work more since there's a playhouse there? No, the playhouse isn't open on Fridays. That's the issue. So she's working all she can four Days a week instead of five? Correct. Okay. What's the mortgage company told you? I, oh, I actually just got off the phone with them. They were telling me, you know, that we're not in active foreclosure, but it's gonna be coming soon if we do something about it.


Yeah. You know. Is it an FHAA VA or a conventional market? It's, It's F-H-A-F-H-A. Okay. Yeah. They're, you're, you're due, you're due for them to start coming now. What's the house worth? About two 50. And what do you owe on it? 2 25. What other debt do you have? I have a, a card that, that's 8,000 some credit cards about the total. It's about 3000. You behind on everything else? I'm not behind on anything else. No, sir. Okay. What's that car worth?


You owe eight on it. What Could you sell it for? Like five. You're Underwater on that? Yeah, I got it. It's been an accident. So it You got anything else? You got anything you can sell to help with this? 18 KII don't, but I am, so I'm going, my job recently asked me if I wanted to go to Florida for two months, which is going to, I i I should be making around $30,000 in for the next two months. It's with per diem and stuff, so that'll definitely help out a lot. You can make an extra 30 or you make $30,000 in two months. Yeah. Yes Sir. And she can be at home working and, and keep bills covered at home. Correct.


Then you can be current before you get foreclosed on. Okay. Right? Yes sir. If you make 30 and it takes 18, now it takes 20 'cause we got another month involved. Right. It takes 20 to get you current and you make 30. I think we got it covered. 'cause there it takes 30 days to foreclose minimum. And they hadn't even started. Yeah, I haven't even received the breach letter. They were saying after the breach letter, it's 65 days before it Yeah. Goes into active foreclosure or something. Okay. So you've got 90 days, you got three months, and in two months you can make 30 grand to catch it up. Right? Well, I'm not leaving till the end of this month, so it'll be right at three months that I make the money.


Yeah. So May and June you're bringing In this money. Okay. So here, here's, here's what you can do then. All Right. There's a process with a mortgage company called a forbearance. A forbearance is where you pay payments, double, Triple payments, that kind of thing until you're current. And that stops the foreclosure. Hud FHA requires that they attempt a forbearance before foreclosure if you request it. Okay. So You're gonna request it. Okay. And I want you to set up a payment, a, a system where you pay double payments until you're current, but you're gonna get current in 90 days anyway.


You're gonna, you're gonna pay it faster than that deal. Okay? Okay. Yeah. So if, if you want to call them back and say, I wanna do a forbearance of two payments a month beginning at the first of the month. Okay, Then I want you to pay it current as soon as you can even though you made that deal. Does that make sense? I want you to pay it faster than that because you're gonna have the money. Yeah. Yeah. Is that all making sense to you? Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. You remember the word forbearance? Forbearance. You tell 'em your financial, your financial coach told you to do a forbearance.


'cause I'm your financial coach and I just told you to. Okay? Now if that does not work, I'm gonna put you on hold and Christian is gonna pick up and we're gonna set you up with one of the RAMSEY coaches in your area and they can call on your behalf if you're unable to get the mortgage company to do this because they can get the mortgage company to do it, I promise you. Okay. We stop foreclosures all the time. It's one of the things we do around here. Okay? But, but it requires appreci making substantial payments. And what we just learned is, is that you're not afraid of hard work and you gotta way to clean this up. Thank God I was worried there for a minute and you brought that, you brought me that last bit of news there at the end and that was perfect.


So hang on. Christian will pick up, we'll hook you up with one of our coaches and you can either call or you can have the coach call or both and get you a forbearance done. If you go to Florida, you can catch this house up before they get it foreclosed. Good job man. Good job.


Hey guys, I'm super excited to announce that two of the goats of sticking to a budget have finally teamed up. That's right. RAMSEY and Aldi are partnering together because well groceries cost a lot of money. And besides that, and most stores are designed to trap you in a maze, a sad, expensive maze. But Aldi is different. Aldi gives you simpler, better food choices that save you money and get you in and out so you can focus on what really matters from affordable, high quality must haves to grass fed meat, organic produce. And yes, even name brands, Aldi has what you need at prices that won't steal your joy. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi. Find a store near you today@aldi.us. That's a ldi Do us


Live from The headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, And create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today, Tanner is in Little Rock, Arkansas. Hi Tanner, how are you George? Dave, man. Pleasure, guys. In a little bit of a pickle here. So just real, real briefly, I just realized that I haven't been taking responsibility for my taxes.


And so I've reached out to a CPA prior to me realizing this. Excuse me, I'm emotional. So back three years of taxes, turned out to be about 45 grand. I'm in sales, I make about two 20 a year. I do have some consumer debt. I'm at the point of being sick and tired of being sick and tired. I just wanted to see what you guys thought on my situation and how I could get out of this as soon as possible with as much aggression as I can. Are you single?


No sir. I'm married of six years with two kiddos. Two and three. Your wife work outside the home? No, sir. She stays at home. Okay. So you have $225,000 income. So you're making, making about 20 grand a month. Well, I'm in the roofing sales so it fluctuates. I can make a good month of 40 grand and a month of 2000. Gotcha. Okay. Really just fluctuates. And do you have any money? Very involved. We got about $8,000 split between a savings account, our emergency fund, and a little bit in the crypto market. About a grand in there.


Okay. All Right. Cash that out today and take 7,000 of your 8,000 with it and throw it at the 45 debt. Have the returns been filed? They just got filed as of last week. Okay. Now of course the 45 is not taking into consideration the penalties. Right. And the late fees, not too sure what to expect on that. Probably another 10. Okay. I owe about 38 on my truck. I owe another 36 on a a dang vacuum and about 31 on a dirt bike thinking I was trying to build credit. 3100 3100. Yes Sir. To sell it.


Okay. And yeah, we gotta get this mess cleaned up. Why are you on 10 99 if you're doing roofing sales? I was 10 99 up until last November. We then switched to a W2. Yeah. Which helped me in a small portion as far as this year's return. Yeah. Had about 11,000 come back off the holdings, which of course that rolls over. Okay. Yeah. 'cause you should not have, you know, you shouldn't have been on 10 99 Sure. Ever. But that, but you're there now. Okay. So we've solved the problem. I mean, we solved the, the you, you stopped up the hole. So it's not leaking anymore. We don't, we're not have a recurring tax problem.


You're gonna stay sure you're gonna file taxes on time for the rest of your life because it's too stinking expensive and scary. Correct. And scary. Yes sir. No doubt. So now if you, if you sell the dirt bike, you owe $3,600 on a vacuum and you owe 38,000 on your car and Yes sir. You owe 45,000, right? Cor correct? Yes Sir. Okay, so about 90 grand, 85 grand gets you out of debt, Correct? Yes sir. And you make 2 25, what's your house payment? Well, and so that's another thing we're right now renting to own from my mother-in-law. She, How much is that? $800. Okay, cool.


So just keep paying 800 bucks and you need to pay off an $85,000 in debt making 2 25. That sounds like you're doing that in a year. Year. Well, and my question is, with the 40 45,000 in Texas, now that I'm W2, I am not changing anything as far as my withholdings, would it be smart to focus on the other debts? No, the, for the, the okay that I RS that goes to the very top of your debt snowball, make minimum payments on all of your other debts except the IRS debt. Throw as much as you can every single month towards it. Yeah. It's very expensive penalties and interest ongoing. Sure. So you want to get rid of it. Plus they have virtually unlimited power to come and screw up your life if you don't do this.


Yes sir. Yeah. You want to get them out of your life forever and ever. Amen. And who the CPA that did your taxes have him verify that you have the proper amount being withheld? Well, and so this is where I'm getting my, my knowledge from, or at least my plan there. He said if you keep holding out the way it's holding out 'cause they're holding out more than they should. No, no. You Know, offset itself. No. I want them to hold out the correct amount and the rest of it comes home. And I want you to pay this off as soon as you possibly can. Sure. I want him to calculate what the correct amount of withholding is and you bring everything else home and you give it to the stupid IRS Okay. As fast as you can.


'cause I think you're gonna have them out of your life by September. Well that would be the hopes. Yes sir. No, it's a mathematical fact, not a Hope. Sure. Yes sir. But you're, you're not going out to eat and you're not going on vacation. These Big commissions have been disappearing into toys Ab Absolutely. Yes, sir. And eating out and just blowing money. Yeah. No more. You, you are on beans and rice. Rice and beans. Yes. What's That truck worth? If I was to private sell it, I would probably get maybe right at what it's worth, maybe 40. If you like it, you can pay it off in a year. But if you're not willing to sacrifice and cut your budget and your wife's not, and you all get down and get this start, start being grownups and clean up this freaking mess, then you'd need to sell the truck.


But if you're willing to do what I'm telling you to do and be done in a year with a whole stinking thing, debt free everything in one year. Yes sir. And, and you, you know, get your withholding to be the proper amount, throw everything at the IRS then throw everything at the vacuum, which is one month, and then throw everything at the truck. Then you keep the truck if you're gonna do it that way. But if you're gonna drag this out for the next three or four years, then we really can't help you, number one. But number two, you should sell the truck in that case. But Tanner, you know, two and a quarter minus 85 is still over a hundred thousand dollars for y'all to live on. And Your rent to own is only 800 bucks. 800 bucks. And so you can, you can live on a hundred thousand dollars and still be debt free in a year.


Oh, you're killing me. Wa you know, so let's do this and let's, let's roll up our sleeves and punch this in the nose. But y'all are gonna have to get on tight budget. You know, hold on. We'll set you up with the EveryDollar premium budgeting app and, and the whole thing and help you build all this out. But that's the math is two and a quarter minus 85 and you're living on a hundred. We, I think you can do this. That Budget will show you real quick. This Is not like we cut you to 30 and you got debt free in a year. We, you know, so you really ought to be fa done faster than a year. And, and when you don't have this IRS shame hanging over you and you don't have a stupid vacuum payment, which is really shaming, that's like stupid.


It's gonna be a steroids vacuum. Who gets a vacuum payment? Is This industrial? Yeah. I mean, when you get that stuff out of your life, you're gonna feel so much better about you. You're gonna feel like clean. You know? 'cause this is, you just look at that stuff and you go, I don't like me right now. I didn't pay my taxes and I bought a vacuum on payments. You know? And when you get rid of that, man, I'm telling you it's, you're gonna love it. It's, you're gonna feel so much better. And, but you're gonna have to bust your butt for a whole year here like going crazy. You can do this, man. I've looked at stuff I've done. I go, Dave, you are an idiot. And I want that stuff that reminds me. And I'm an idiot. I want it outta my life. 'cause I don't like being reminded. You don't wanna do it twice, that's for Sure. I don't, I don't like it.


It's not fun. This is The Ramsey Show.


Are you sick and tired of being sick and tired? You can take control of your money and your relationships and it starts with just one night. Join me and Dr. John Delony LIVE in a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. We're covering the real life stuff that matters. So you can break the cycles that have left you stuck. It's coming up fast. So get your tickets for Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Today.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this. John, why don't people wanna take care of their family, they think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's A gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance, Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82


Tax days only a week away. Don't put yourself through the stress of waiting until the last minute or worse than that. Wait three years like that guy a minute ago. Don't do that stuff. Get your taxes filed on time. None of us like taxes, but you know, this makes your life worse when you don't take care of stuff. So you, you're gonna be fined, you're gonna be fined big time and you're gonna see all kinds of late charges and interest like you've never seen. So you don't go to jail for not paying your taxes, but you can go to jail for not filing your taxes. Failure to file is criminal. Failure to pay is not technically speaking. And twenty five hundred and seventy eight people did go to jail last year for failure to file. Wow. So it's very real. So you, I'm not trying to scare you, I'm just saying it is the law and you need to file your taxes. Hello. And, and if you want some help doing that, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Smart Tax. Get everything you need to file your taxes. Doesn't cost for hardly anything, especially if you've got a simple return. Our current price offer expires on April 11th. So if you'll go ahead and do it like this week before waiting to the last minute, you can get the best possible deal on the Ramsey Smart Tax Software. And it's very, very accurate and it will help you get this done in a quick and easy manner. Do not put this stuff off. Boys and girls, do not put this stuff off.


Jackie's in Denver. Hi Jackie. How are you? I'm doing well. How about you, Dave? Better than I deserve. What's up? Well, we have a little situation here that I need some advice with. My husband has a small business that he's been operating for a year and it's currently running at $20,000 in debt. And we have recently found out that we will be receiving an inheritance from one of my family members who passed away last summer. Mm. When we set this whole business up, the understanding was that we wouldn't be mixing any of our personal money, personal finances with the business and that there would be a hard line drawn there.


I'm sorry, what's the under? Who's understanding? What do you mean? The two of us? My husband and I had that conversation. Oh, well, too late. Because the $20,000 debt is a personal debt. I agree with you a hundred percent. No, I promise you. That's what the law will tell you. They didn't loan this, they didn't loan. This broke business money. They loaned you money. My fear is, am I going to feel resentful when we use the inheritance to pay off that loan? I guess you should have decided that before you took out the loan And our Yeah. And I know it was a verbal agreement between the two of us as husband and wife.


And he totally was on board that the business would have to pay for itself and that we wouldn't be using any retirement money, any of our personal money to pay that off. But that was mythology. You don't have the power to do that. You, you understand that, that if you don't pay this bill that they're gonna come take the stuff you're talking about, they're gonna sue you. Oh yeah. I totally, oh yeah, I totally understand that. I, my Question. So I mean, you already have mixed it. You've already made that commitment when y'all took out the loan. I think you're already resentful. You have, you have some kind of mythology that you somehow kept this separate. It's not separate at all. Hmm. You're on the hook for it. So is it I understand that.


I know 100% we're on the hook for it. I guess maybe it's a relational question, a relationship question. He hasn't, he hasn't. How much is the inheritance? It would be close to 150. Okay. And you didn't want him to open the business? No, I did. I wanted him to succeed at the business. Totally. Is it succeeding? Not at the, not, not one year in, Is it losing money still? Well, let, let me go back and say that last year it was, it's a very small lawn care business. And it's only last year he grossed 50,000, netted about 20, and put all of that right back into the business.


Unfortunately, it wasn't to pay the loan, it was to buy more equipment. And that I didn't necessarily agree with, but I went along with it. Okay. And then there was also an agreement he would be working on the off season to be paying off that loan. And that didn't happen either. So that's why maybe perhaps this is more of a relational question. Yeah, I think those two deal, those are the two problems, not the inheritance. It's, he didn't follow through on, on what he promised as a part of this process. Right. I would agree with That statement. And I think, I think we've gotta address that. And how do I address that? I like the moment it happened.


You should have addressed it. No, we're not putting money back into this. We're gonna pay off the debt. Yes. You are gonna get off your butt in the off season and work. This is what we said we were gonna do. Now you could be a little less mean than that, but you still need to have that conversation. Right. I agree. I agree. Okay. I I just wanna make sure that, that what I'm thinking is correct. I think what you're thinking about those two things is absolutely correct. I think you didn't address it when it happened, and so now it's lingering and that's where the resentment's coming from. And, and I kind of don't blame you, by the way. I think you're right.


I'd be a little pissed too about that. So I think we gotta reset our expectations on the operations of this business and the paying back of this loan and, and then let's let that run a little bit and then I'm gonna write a check and pay off the loan. But he's gonna have to, I mean, he's gonna, number one, a lawn care business should be making more than that in one year. Okay. He, he's not working much. Well, well, part of it was the, the initial investment into the business that was part of the 50,000. I mean, it, it was a already established business and he bought it from another gentleman. Yeah. And so that, that sounds like it was very Established.


Yeah. It didn't, wasn't making much money. $20,000 And you, and you run the mower yourself. You bought you own a bad job. You don't even own a good business. Is that the question? Or was there too much being spent on the budget? I don't, I don't believe the budget was followed very well either. Yeah. I I think we need to learn how to run a business. And I think you're right. So I think there's several things going on there that, that he actually does need your help with. Okay. I, I'm not sure how he ended up, how old is he? 56. How'd he end up in the lawn care business making $20,000 a year at 56 years old? What happened to his career? Well, He had always worked for farmers, which is a pretty low, low paying job.


He just kind of always wanted to be his own business owner. And we actually live in a very rural area. Okay. And live, the options are pretty limited. All Right. Do you, have you have, you have some business or accounting acumen it sounds like? Yes. I grew up, my father owned his own business. Okay. And All Right. Grew. I tell, let's, let's reset this whole thing then. Okay. Because I think I hear a guy who knows how to work hard but doesn't know anything about business. Oh, you are exactly right. Okay. And he's a sweet guy and he is not afraid of hard work, but he's clueless on what he is doing here. And so he went and bought a bunch. He went and bought a bunch of equipment. 'cause he is a gadget boy when he actually thought he made some money, but he wasn't sure he made some money.


'cause he doesn't even know how to do accounting. So I think the two of you need to be running this together and you need to run the office and he needs to run the mower. I think you're right. And then the budget will be followed and we make decisions together about when we're working, where we're working and what we're buying. And we're gonna get this stinking thing profitable. And if, if he's willing to help, if you're willing to help him and he's willing to let you, then yeah, I'm gonna write a check and pay off the loan because all this resentment's gonna go away. 'cause now we're gonna be both horses in the harness pulling. You're gonna pull the front office stuff 'cause you're good at that. I can hear it talking to you. You already know what is supposed to happen here. And you're just standing back and watching him and he doesn't have that skill and this, but yet this guy is not afraid of hard work.


He'll go out there and work himself to death if you point him at the right thing. He ain't afraid of hard work. No, he's not. And that actually was one of the reasons I married him. Yeah. He was one of the one of the attractions I had to him. Yeah. So Look at it this way. You're, And he, he liked marrying a smart woman. So he, that was your, his attraction to you. So let's use both these things. I think it's a good idea. So you're spending 10% of this inheritance to reset the business and your marriage. I think that's a worthy investment. That's a good way to put it, George. I hadn't thought about that Once in a while. I get, you Should do this. You should do this talk radio Thing. I'll leave it to Dave. But I think putting it that way just helps me loosen the resentment and go, All Right, I'm gonna drop it. It's a really Good discussion and the way you approached the discussion was very healthy Jackie.


Thank you. I like that. That was a good, it was a good analysis. And Can we send them your new book? Yes. Are we capable of that? Yes we are. Build a business you love. We will ship it to you on April the 15th next week when it goes, when it goes public. So read it together, hang on. And Christian will get your name and address and all we'll send you build a business you love. It actually does address some of this. That's a good point. Perfect. Ta-da. Who knew two in a row the treadmill stage? Yeah, you're, you're two for two and one line zingers. There we go man. Yeah man. George George's pretty valuable today. This is The Ramsey Show. All


Right. Business owners last call. The pre-sale for the brand new book. Build a Business You Love Ends April 15 pre-order now and get over $350 worth of free bonus items to help you hire smarter, lead stronger, and grow faster. This is not theory, it's the system I use to grow my company from nothing. And the same framework we've coached thousands of business owners through. You can only get the bonuses at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. So don't wait pre-order now


in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage. Aaron and Jenna are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Very good. Welcome. Where do y'all live? Apex? Apex North. Okay. North Carolina. Yeah. Sorry. That's okay. You're doing it together. You're, you're, we know you're united anyway. That's good. So what do you guys do for a living? I'm a director of music education for music store And I am an HR manager and catering manager for an ice cream company. Oh, That's fun. Good, good for you guys. How much debt did you pay off? 70 5K in Exactly three years to the day. Oh, I love it. Okay. And your range of income during that time?


So it went from 79,000 to one oh 9,000. Excellent. Cool. Good for you guys. What kind of debt was the 75? All student loans. Oh Wow. Okay. All Right, cool. And how long y'all been married? So three years. Yeah, We paid it off on our third anniversary. So we've been married three and a half years. Okay. So you got married and looked up and said, or probably in the pre-marriage you're looking at it going, we're gonna attack this. Tell us the story, what happened? Yeah, so actually in December of 2018 we listened to nine straight hours of the show. We originally from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and we moved to North Carolina. So on the Christmas journey home we were looking for a podcast and we came on yours.


You just stumbled upon it. Yeah, I think that Christmas, I was on YouTube and saw one of those clips. It was like a young kid from your show, like made 20 grand or something. And I like watched it, you know, it was like a kid who sold Pokemon cards or something and then when she was looking for a podcast, you guys one of the PO top ones and so that's why she saw it. I was like, oh let's listen to that. And it was like the first time we've ever heard people talk about that. And then it was just, okay, put on another one, put on another one and we'd listen to like nine hours from Wow Pittsburgh all the way down to North Carolina. Yeah. And he said, wait, we could do this. Yeah. And So we were just dating at the time. So we were, we had some of our own debt. So I actually paid off my car that following September in 2019 And I started paying off some of my loans and then, yeah, 2020 happened and we were able like, you know, the interest stopped on our loans So we were able to make a lot of progress.


We got engaged in October of 2020. When we got engaged we paused. 'cause listening to your show, there's just so much wisdom that we heard and we wanted to, we were dating for a while and we wanted to have a good wedding. And So we cash flowed a wedding for the next year. Got married in in October of 2021 and that's when we said, okay, now it's us against the world. We, we have 70 5K of debt. And yeah, we were just chugging away. And then in 2024, in January, 2024 we found out that we were pregnant with her first kid. Yay. Yeah, she's over here. I think she might be crying off stage somewhere. And then, yeah, So we paused and paying off our debt, stacked up cash felt really comfortable.


I mean that was just great advice from you guys 'cause we're having a baby. And so it felt great to have more than a thousand dollars. And then she was born in September of last year. 24? Yeah, 2024 and two and a half weeks later was our third anniversary. And we were looking at the numbers, we're like, wait, we could pay it off on our third anniversary. So we're at home with a two and a half year old or two and a half week old. And yeah, we made our like last payment. We actually have a big chart we wanted to show you guys. I think one time you mentioned be weird, make a chart. Yeah. Wow. So we bought this chart, there's a thousand squares and we said, okay, 70 5K, each square is 75 bucks. And it just made you think about $75. Way differently.


Wow. Yeah. Every little bit adds up. Yeah, we got a fully colored in chart there. Yeah. And we were the marker. We didn't wanna buy another marker. So we would like, as you said, You guys stayed in the lines. That's impressive. Some Of the best coloring work I've seen on this show. Thank you. Thank you. Oh my goodness. You guys are incredible. So it is worth noting for the casual listener that they followed exactly what we say to do. I mean, they didn't deviate even a little bit. Okay. They stopped cash flow to wedding, came back, stopped when the baby's on. And baby mama come home from the hospital and everybody's healthy boom push play. And the money was in there and it paid off everything on the third anniversary.


So everything they did, they followed. Exactly. It wasn't an ish, it wasn't RAMSEY ish. They were listening to way too much YouTube of us and completely did it. Exactly the way we teach. And guys, I gotta tell you that matters because it changes the speed at which these things happen. And it also lowers your stress level all the way through the whole process. Yeah. Oh Yeah. I mean we've never ever thought about money or thought, you know, there's never been any contention over money. It's just been, oh, that's the plan. You know, this is what we're doing. And it just made us, allowed us to focus on everything else in life. Wow. Yeah. And you guys are in your twenties from what I can tell you. Oh, thank you Joe.


I mean, just a young couple who goes this? We can do this plan. 'cause people, here's the thing we Get. How old Are you? I'm 33. I'm 32. Amazing. Yeah. Alright. Because Dave gets a lot of flack and they say, Dave's plan, it's so out of touch, it doesn't work in today's America. And here you guys are smiling, relaxed, peaceful, going, no, we did exactly what they said to do. 'cause they said it would work if we did it. Yeah. Yeah. And it's amazing actually we even bought a car during that time because he had gotten into a car accident and his car was Totaled. Yeah. We cash flowed a car with 240,000 miles on it. Yeah. So We bought a used car. But yeah, we were able to cash flow it and once again it was just very quick, painless and stress. Stress free.


Wow. Way to go. What do you tell people the key to getting out of Deadish? I, I would say staying motivated and dreaming about the future. And we would always talk about what we want our future to look like and you know, having this baby and what we want her future to look like and just planning and really daydreaming about like what life could be. Wow. Wow. Congratulations. How's it feel now that you're free? Great. Okay. Amazing. Yeah. Yeah. And what's her name? Eloise. Ellie. She goes by Ellie. Yeah, Ellie. Okay. Alright, perfect. 'cause we can hear her. Do you wanna, do you wanna I don't care. It doesn't bother me a bit. I've got grandbaby. She's Already doing the deaf free screen. Do you wanna bring, do you wanna bring her in?


She's kind of bring it off. Do you or do you wanna let her stay over? It's up to you. What do you want the picture to look like? 'cause that's the bring her. Yeah, we can bring her over. Okay guys, let's bring the crime. She can back on this for the debt free scream. I love it On YouTube one day. That's Fabulous. Hey, that she's, why you did the whole thing. I mean, come on. This is changing your family tree. And if she wants to scream about it, we'll let her. I don't care. That's good. It's All good. What a cute Oh yeah. Oh, really mad. She's mad. I love it. That's so great. So fun. All Right, Erin and Jenna and Ellie, you join in too. From Raleigh, North Carolina. 75,000 paid off in three years, making 79 to 1 0 9.


Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 2, 1 1. We're debt free. Wow. You did it Ellie. You did it. I love it. Cute. Ellie. Debt free scream. She calmed right down As soon. I think she just needed some pop on Mama Time. Yeah, that's all she needed. Oh my goodness. That's fun. How fun. Hey guys, that's pretty random that we sh we show up 'cause we're the, the YouTube numbers are ridiculous for the show. They're wonderful because so many of you watching listen there. Thank you. We appreciate that. But that drove it up to pop up on the landing page.


Right? They went to their podcast page or whatever and went, oh there's Dave's face, The Ramsey Show. I remember him laughing about some Pokemon thing or something, which I vaguely remember that Saw an old clip on YouTube And I vaguely remember some kid doing a Pokemon thing or something. But see, social Media's not all bad Dave. Well he, It helps people change their life. There you go. It's a rare Moment. It led people to the full show, which has nothing to do with social media, but, but yeah, it's, if it's a feeder, I'll take it. Right. And so they get, they get somewhat randomly. We'll call, we'll call God God's finger dialing that in there and, and then, and we were good enough to engage them for nine hours. Wow. And something we were doing was, that would give me a headache.


But yeah, that's a lot. I Thought only Joe Rogan could hold you for three hours. That's a lot. He can, he can. Joe Joe's, Joe's the king. He does a good job. But yeah, I mean, yeah, I guess that's true. I guess I have listened to, I haven't looked binged. Well We can hold a millennial attention span. That's something to celebrate today. Well take the win. Well and they won. Congratulations. What heroes man? They're invincible now. They took control man. And they can do anything. It's pretty amazing. This is The Ramsey Show.


Let's play a game. Raise your hand if you've already filed your tax return. Ready? Go. Okay. I can't actually see any of you, but I can feel it in my bones that not enough of you are raising your hands. Y'all need to get on over to Ramsey Smart Tax and file your dang taxes. Ramsey Smart Tax is a 100% accurate tax software that won't pill for your wallet or surprise you with garbage hidden fees. Plus it's powered by tax layer who's been trusted in this industry for more than 50 years. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and file with tax software you can trust. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Hey guys, if you want to help us out, you can subscribe to this show. Click the follow button, click the share button or cut out the link and send it to somebody to share. Let people know this is happening. When you do that, it changes everything and more people learn about this information and it helps them change their lives. That last couple was pretty impressive. Very, very well done. Preston's in St. Louis. Hi Preston, how are you? I'm doing good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up Real quick, I just wanna say I've grown up listening to you. My mom, every day when she'd pick me up from school, she'd pick a pick me and my brother up and would be listening to you.


So I wanted to give a quick shout out to her and a shout out to you. What's fun? How old are you? I'm 26. Okay, so you're like 10 years old or something listening. Okay. Wow. I know, I know. Wow. I was a child listening to you. I grew up listening to you. Wow. How can we help today sir? So my question was, was with everything going on within the market and everything like that, how is it that you're supposed to grow wealth throughout everything with the stock market supposedly crash and everything like that?


Got my cat jumping on me. Sorry. So you, you remember that part where you were listening to me before? Yeah. And and if you've, if you, you might, you might've been too young to hear it. Okay. But probably this is not the first time the stock market has gone down. Yeah. And there's nothing to indicate that this is a crash. Nothing. Okay. Yeah, nothing. The US economy is not imploding and falling in, not even close. Got you. Stock market's having a bit of a temper tantrum over tariffs because they're trying the, the stock market does not like an unpredictable environment.


And this is unpredictable as crud right now. 'cause people don't know what's gonna happen. Exactly. Because I think Trump makes it up every morning. So who knows what he is gonna do next. Right. And so Yeah, and he kinda likes it that way. He's messing with the stock market and he is messing with these countries beyond belief. No question about it. It's almost entertaining to watch but it's not a crash. Preston, would you, you understand that right? No, I got you. Okay, so in 2023 you were 24 years old. Yes. The s and p went up 23% or 26% in 2024 last year it went up 23%.


So the stock market has gone up 50 plus percent in two years. In the last seven days it's down six or 8%. Not exactly a crisis, dude. I mathematically I gotcha mathematically. No. So what you can't do is you can't listen to the news to give you input for investing decisions because the news is full of drama queens. Their job is to make your heart rate change, your eyes dilate and sweat to appear in your palms. That's their job.


Then you get addicted to the fear porn that they pedal and then they pedal more fear porn. That's why 73 apps go off when a tornado is 60 miles away. That's fear porn. A tornado that's 60 miles away is not gonna hit you. But your app is going off and waking you up in the middle of the night and your heart rate spikes, adrenaline is released in your body and you're in freakout mode. And that's exact same crap that's happening right now. The stock market. It's false evidence appearing real. It's not real. And so you are fine. And I'm you, lemme tell you what I'm doing. I'm scratching around for some extra money to throw it in right now.


'cause I think the stock market's on sale. I think it's a great time to buy. How's that sound? No, I gotcha. I was just wondering Here, here's two quotes for you. Preston etch these in your brain. Number one, when in doubt zoom out. When you zoom out, go look at the five year, 10 year all time track record of the s and p 500 and you'll go, ooh, up until the right with a few little dips in there. Oh yeah, let's zoom in. Ah, it's a crash. No, just a little dip. We'll be All Right. It's a bump in the road. And the other one is this time in the market beats timing the market. And so what you are saying is, is now the time to sell?


I don't know. I don't wanna lose money. You didn't lose money. You have the same exact amount of shares that you had before. The value is temporarily taken a dip. It will come back and a month from now, six months from now, a year from now, we'll be back to all time highs. And the news will not be covering it because that doesn't get clicks and views. So for you, those of you listening out there, I've got one particular account that I've got sitting up waiting to buy some real estate with and I've got about $5 million in an s and p and it is actually about just right at 5 million. And so I clicked on it, just see what this did to it. I, and I think it lost like it's down like 200 grand, something like that. Okay, so which is a lot of money, but you, you've lost $200,000.


I haven't lost anything. I didn't sell. If you sell, you take the loss, You lock it in. I didn't lose anything. I'm just sitting here watching with great amusement, the rollercoaster ride. And I'm gonna try to throw some in while it's down and 'cause it's gonna ride up as soon as some of this bizarre crap clears the air. And I don't know whether that's a month or six or six months and I don't really care. 'cause I'm don't have to do anything with that money. I'm just gonna let it sit there and ride it out. Write it out. You're not desperate. Wave up, wave down, wave up and, and you don't lose anything until you sell.


It's just a, it's a, it's a paper loss. I mean it's just a, it's a chart is all it is right now. And, and that same account, by the way, has gone up freaking 23 and 26% in the last two years. Now that's not normal up either. It shouldn't be that much. Your average on the s and p since it began is 11.8. And so that's about what the stock market has averaged since it began. And so, you know, 11, 12, somewhere in there is, is the average annual rate return. So 23 and 26 aren't normal. Those are unusually like double of normal, like a twice as good as normal And back to back.


But Did you hear anyone when the, you had two consecutive years, twice as good as normal. Did you hear a single person on Fox News or CNN Go look how great the market is. Wow. Not one, not a one, but are they all screaming and like there's blood in the streets and there's a crisis and the entire US economy has collapsed and there, you know, we're, we're gonna have an upheaval and a revolution or so. Good lord, you would think that these people, but nope, nope. So I'll get to be on there again tonight. I'll be on one of 'em tonight. Tell 'em everybody calm down. Calm your butt down. Calm your butt down. When, what'd you say that was?


Zoom in, zoom out. I might try to went down. I'll try to, I'll try to quote, Quote, quote that I didn't come up with it, but when in doubt, zoom out. When in doubt zoom out. So If you got all this fear, you just pan back and go, oh, it's actually up 80% over the last five years When you look at it a different way. Yeah. Instead of zooming into the one little dip that's over a five day period freaking out. Yeah. So perspective definitely helps. And you have the benefit of that having invested that for 30 plus years. Well, I mean you were sitting here at the same desk you and I were when the Fauci pandemic hit and the, and the market went down like 50% or something. 57 mean dove. Right? We had this two month chart that just dove off the cliff for two months and everybody's like, oh, the pandemic's ruined the economy. The economy will never do y'all, I mean, is the economy ruined?


No. Hello. We were back to record highs. Does anybody remember predicting the end of the world during I remember people predicting the of the world. It's the US will never recover from Fauci. We'll never make it. He killed it. No, not even Fauci could kill it. So there you go. It's too strong. Can't hold us down. I Mean, sorry, y'all, I mean it's just, it was disappointing for those of you that wanted the end of the world to come and didn't happen for you. Well it's, it's important to note the stock market does not actually represent the economy. One for one. It's a part Of that's that's true. 54% of the gross domestic product is small business has absolute nothing to do with the stock market. You're Not gonna find it on the s and p. Yeah. Thank God.


Yeah. So That's how Dave likes it. We're gonna, we're gonna invest and we're gonna invest when it's up, we're gonna invest when it's down, we're gonna invest and we're gonna invest, we're gonna invest and then we're gonna look up and we're gonna be worth millions of dollars. Hello. This is how you do it. Boys and girls. Don't jump off the rollercoaster Please. Not in the middle of the ride. Oh my goodness. This is The Ramsey Show.