
North Carolina, the countdown is on me and Dr. John Delony will be with you live next Wednesday, April 23rd. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash durham. Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour


From the Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm RAMSEY Personality George Kamel, joined by the one and only Jade Warshaw. And we're taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. You jump in, we'll talk about your life, your money, your relationships, whatever's going on. Love it. Let's do this. Aaron is gonna kick us off in Louisville, Kentucky. What's going on Aaron? Not much. How are y'all doing? Doing Great. Awesome. How can we help? First off, I wanna say I love George's book. I just finished reading it. Aw, thank you for that. It means the world. Thank you. So I am looking to, I, I'm planning to be married within a year from now and I'm working the baby steps.


I'm having to rebuild my emergency fund right now 'cause I had to buy a car and so that kind of took a big hit. But I'm rebuilding my emergency fund then jumping back into the baby steps. But how should I plan financially to get married? Because when, when I get married, my girlfriend is most likely not gonna be working. And so what should I put in place to take over her expenses, like her insurance and, and just factor in paying for another person. Why won't she be working? Well, she is she pregnant? She's moving three hours from where she's at, so it'll at least be like a month or so I think before she works this Job. Oh, okay. So you're saying that she's gonna have this temporary time where she's job hunting and you wanna be able to kind of float those expenses.


Right. But this is not until after you've, you've gotten married, right? You said you're getting married a year from now? Yeah. Right. Are you engaged yet or no? Yeah. No, not yet. Okay. So we got some time. You're really thinking ahead here. I would want her to get a job lined up. I mean, why can't she do that before you guys, you know, move in together after you're married? Well, the hope is that she will take on a position at our Christian school, at my church. And that is a non-paying job. It's a volunteer position, but, but she's had her heart set on that and I think it'll be a good idea and I can support both of us. It's just, Can we like volunteer on the weekends and do the children's ministry on Sundays?


I mean, we need, we need to work. Well, I'll be out of debt before probably a month or two before we get married. So we won't have debt. She Doesn't have, she's not bringing any into the relationship selling Debt. She's not ready to retire and be a volunteer full time. Y'all are just getting your life started. You got goals. You like want to have a house one day, right? Well, yeah. What's your income? My income is right at 50,000 a year. I just started a new job though, so it's supposed to go up To what? Like If you had to Project it. I'm looking at, I've been told around 60 this year. Okay. And how old are you? I'm 2022.


Okay. Yeah. To George's point, I, I like the fact that your wife has identified something that she's passionate enough about that she would do it for free basically, is what she's saying. However, like George said, you guys are just getting started. The, this is the time to really get your feet wet and try things on that you're getting paid for to see if you like it, if you don't like it to grow. And I, I agree with George. I feel like if she wants to volunteer, there's a time and a place for volunteering, but there's also a time and place for going out and earning and that's just my opinion. You guys are gonna do what you want to do and you know that's that. That's our 2 cents about it. Let's talk about the money a little bit more.


So your biggest thing is you were concerned that there would be a period of time where she wouldn't be able to work. George has kind of cleared that up. And you have said that you can cover all of you guys' bills with your paycheck and you can be a one paycheck household. Have you verified that with EveryDollar budget? Yes. Okay. Yeah. Cool. So you've laid it all out and said, All Right, we can cover all of her bills plus all of my bills and we're gonna rent for the foreseeable future as we save up a down payment. Right. What would be your next goal once you guys are married? Once we're married, saving up for a house is the first big goal. Okay, cool. And you would be investing 15% of your income or are you gonna do a baby? Step three B and just go real intense for two years on the down payment Plan to go real intense for the down payment.


Okay. Again, that's where her workings is gonna come into play. 'cause making 60 KA year, covering all the bills, you're not gonna get very far into the down payment. You might be able to save, I don't know, a thousand bucks a month. Have you, have you kind of done the math to see what you could really save up in a year? Yeah, I should be able to put at least about 10,000 or so suicide a year. Okay. Can I, can I make a suggest? Here's another suggestion we're brainstorming at this point. 'cause I'm going back to the wife. Spitballing the wife working. So this is the children's ministry you said? The Christian school. Christian school, okay. Day. It's a, it's a day school. Yeah. And is it like K through whatever? It's K through high school through.


Okay. All the way. Question. Here's a thought. 'cause I'm thinking you guys, you know, you get married, maybe you'll start to plan a family. Maybe that's the time for her to volunteer her services and maybe she can get free childcare out of it. Oh, Now We're thinking And during this phase. Oh Yeah, that's another part of it too. Yeah. But then maybe during this phase, this is the phase that you guys are like, hey, that knowing that that phase is coming, this is the phase where we're buckling down, we're working, we're saving up quickly so that we can get this house and all this stuff in order so that we can do that phase of life and that phase can look like that. Just an idea. Just me brainstorming from works smarter than other side of the fence. I like that. Is she gonna be bringing in any debt or any savings into the marriage?


No debt, but hopefully about five or $6,000 worth of savings. That's her goal. She's putting money aside right now. Oh, she working right now. Savings into, yes. Who's paying for the wedding? Say that one more time. Who's paying for the wedding? Who's paying for it? It's kind of a mix of her dad and us we're, we're throwing some money in. We're keeping it low budget, but thankfully because of her church, we don't have to pay for a venue, so it'll be there. That's Good. Okay. Yeah, my only suggestions are the ones I gave plus just being really clear about really what's going on with the wedding, who's paying what, what you guys are paying, setting that budget, and then from there on, I think you guys are good to go.


You'll be okay. I just think it's gonna really expedite your progress on this home if she's working for at least the first year or two until you guys have a kid. Okay. And are, did you already buy a ring? Yeah, I've got it picked out. Ooh. But I haven't, I haven't paused to set the money aside from I'm, I'm getting my emergency fund built up before I actually put the money on the ring. Okay. Smart man. Okay. Okay. And can you tell us for just people curious out there, what kind of ring is this? How much are you planning on spending? Well, she picked it out. I didn't actually pick it out. Even better man. Liked it. She hates that. It's her problem.


What is it? It's a thousand dollars. Okay, There you go. Wonderful. What kind of ring is that? What kind of ring do you get for a thousand bucks? It's rose gold. It's diamonds. It's got two bands on either side of the engagement part and it's, I, I think it's called a Halo set. Look at that. This guy knows Res. I know. I love it man. Congratulations though. Has she been through financial peace? She like it though. Say again? Is she on Board with this RAMSEY stuff? Has she been through Financial Peace University? Oh yes. Okay. Oh Yeah. She hasn't been through Financial Peace University, but they taught the curriculum in her school, in her high school and she Kind of the curriculum.


Okay, well how about this? Yeah. As a premarital counseling wedding gift, I'm gonna gift you guys Financial Peace University so you can go through it together and be aligned. It sounds like you already are aligned, but that is the number one indicator that you guys are gonna kick off this marriage. Just going, going for it. Listen, They're aligned. I don't think he was aligned with us though. I think they're gonna do their plan. Listen, what do you think? I mean, I don't Know. What are, what are the odds? Like he felt, he felt pretty sure that that she's gonna volunteer. It's just gonna be a hard, it's gonna be a harder road. Yeah. Like you're 10 grand a year toward a down payment that's 20 grand after two years. That's not getting you very much near Louisville, Kentucky. So I, that's why I'm like, we gotta make some progress fast.


Agree. Then we can take the foot off the gas later on down the road. I agree. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I Used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying I love you to your family. Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Dustin is in Toledo, Ohio. Up next, what's going on? Dustin? Hello RAMSEY. Team. My question is, would it be irresponsible to move from another state for a job that pays half as much? Tell us more. Yep. So currently I'm 37, married to three kids. We live in Toledo, Ohio. We get some pretty lawn dragged out, cold weather and gray weather up here. Okay. We love Florida. We've been traveling there for quite a few years. Me too. We go too go three times of year. Yeah. And every time we drive home we ask ourselves why aren't we living in here? Mm. So I, we're currently on baby step four, five, and six.


Okay. For career, I'm a full-time firefighter. I am currently eight years into a 25 year pension. Okay. My base pay is 95,000 with overtime I can make up to one 10. Okay. My, my wife works part-time. She makes about 12 to 15 at this time. And if you were to move to Florida, tell us exactly what that would mean. So obviously your, what does that mean? Your pay would go down from one 10 to like 60 or what does that mean? Yep. So unfortunately there's a pretty big difference in, in pay between the two states. Okay. Right now it looks like I'd be getting hired in around 60 to 65. Okay.


None of my pension would transfer over. So my, the good news is I can get my cer my certifications for a fire and my paramedic to transfer. So it'd just be a process to get there. But then I pretty much would be starting over into a, a new career field and down the state. What part of Florida is this? So we've looked all over, we've kind of landed on, it's called St. John's County, so like St. Augustine area. Los South of Jacksonville. Okay. Okay. And There is some, there is some places that pay a little bit more then the cost of living's a lot, lot higher for those areas. That's right. That's right. What about your wife? Is there, what, what type of work does she do and is there any way she can maybe make up the difference on this?


So she works in a, in an eye doctor's office. She's looking at if she can get any certifications that would help for that area. It looks like she could get a job and she would move into full-time at that point because we're forecasting this out to be about 24 months from now. Okay. So she would pick up the full-time, which would bring her up to about, between 30 and 40. So it definitely would still be a pay cut. Overall, What's your living situation now? Are you homeowners? Yeah, So we own our home. We, we owe 85,000 currently on it. And it, it should bring about 300. And the guy, the i the idea is to put all of, just fold all that into another house of the same value or are you gonna downgrade It?


It would be about the same value. We're watching them, we've been watching the market spread closely for the last year and they're trending in the right direction for that area. But I, I would say three 50 would be our max, but hopefully more in that two 80 to 300 range would be where we'd be. Yeah. Trying To sit with, listen, I, I'll be honest with you, I, I definitely think there's more to life than earning and, and I, I have been guilty of saying the words like, if people don't like where they live, why don't they just move? Like it's your, it's a free world. It's your, it's your life. Like move somewhere else. So. Right. There's part of this that I, I 100% understand and I think for you guys, and, and George, feel free to chime in here for me, it's you guys looking at your goals and saying, here, here's, here's our values.


First off, we value living in a place we love. We we value waking up in the morning and going, oh, I just love the way it looks out the window. Like those are clearly, you've clearly said that that's a value of yours. Then the next step of that is looking at yeah, your financial goals in a, in a far out snapshot and going, how does this affect what we've set our goals are? And are we okay with that? Does this mean it's gonna take us longer to pay off a house? Did we one day have goals of sending our kids to private school? And now that changes and really go through how this also affects whatever financial goals and values that you had. And if you're okay with it, that's fine, but if you also go, ah, you know what, dang it, that does change us being able to pay for college or that does change.


And so I want you to play out those scenarios and make sure that you're 100% okay with what that can mean. Because it sounds like you're, you're 37, you're still young, you guys have not hit your earning potential, like your full earning potential yet. So I do think that if you were to make this move, you'll have plenty of opportunities to continue to grow your income. And truthfully, you might decide, I don't wanna be a firefighter any anymore at some point and you might move on to something else. Only time can tell. What do you think, George? Mm. Well there's a lot of good stuff in there Jay and I do agree that I'm okay with you making this move. I just don't want it to be sort of settling and going. Well I guess I make 60 K now. And the thing is, your expenses are not getting cut in half here, but your income is.


And so have you guys sat down actually do the budget to see what life would look like? Yep. We've, we've ran all the numbers of whether of what it would do with retirement and kind of forecasting out Originally right now with a 25 year pension, the plan was to retire at 55, maybe stay for a flex of years and then relocate down at that time that would put our kids in the early thirties and mid twenties. You're breaking up up on us Dustin. I, I'm sorry. And then the other sacrifice is your wife would have to work full-time for the foreseeable future Right. To make this dream work. And so that's the balance we're talking about here is, is she okay with that? Your quality of life will probably increase.


You guys will enjoy living in Florida, but she's not gonna have flexibility to just work part-time if she wants to. She's gonna have to work full-time and hopefully find something making more than 30. 'cause right now retail, you could make 15 bucks an hour. That's 30 grand a year. That's true. And so I want both of you to be working on your careers and also doing more research. You've, you've landed on one place. Can we land on three and start interviewing and seeing, hey, this place is offering 75, the quality of life there is gonna be great and maybe find a compromise. I understand if, if we move forward with it, that we would try to go into a stork mode. I know cash would be the biggest advantage it seems when we make the move. Currently right now we save our 15% and we're putting a bunch extra on the house.


You just, You would slow down how much you're putting on the house. Keep investing 15% so it wouldn't be quite a, a stork mode like you're talking about. And you would roll all the money from your current home, all the proceeds into that next home. And then you gotta, no, you're just gonna be closing costs. There's gonna be moving costs. And so see if you can maybe weave that into the negotiations with the job to see if they'll cover some of that, you know, relocation expenses. And I might consider, I you said you'd probably go tit for tat on the house. I might consider a downgrade if you can to make this less burdensome. Yeah. On you financially, on These interest rates that will increase your payments. So if you add a three or four and now you're jumping to a six or seven, it's a Big jump. Yeah. Yeah. That's a big jump. All Right.


Jerry's up next in Durham, North Carolina. What's going on Jerry? Hey, thanks for having me on. Sure. How can we help? So my question is, is it a smart move to pause retirement for three years in order to pay off our mortgage faster? Or is paying the two to three more years on the mortgage worth the gain that the retirement funds would make in that time? This feels like a common core math riddle. Jerry, I'm gonna, the, the only answer here is do not pause investing. And so 15% is what you're aiming at. And so pausing that in order to get the mortgage paid down quicker is gonna hurt you in the long run when it comes to your retirement of what that compound growth for those three years would be at this stage of the game.


The only time we would tell you to pause investing is if you're in debt or you're trying to save up the emergency fund or down payment. But I think you got excited looking at the numbers of how much faster you could pay it off. Right? That is exactly what happened. We sat down and looked at our, our budget and saw how much money we could save and then how much more we could save by pausing the retirement investing. I was like, wow, we could pay our house off in about three, three or four years if we, if we paused but wasn't sure if that would be the, the right move or not. Well here's what I would do and what I have done, instead of pausing investing, I go, okay, what is that number? Is it a thousand bucks, 2000 bucks every month that you would be throwing at the mortgage?


It would be an extra thousand dollars a month. Yeah. Okay. So now here's the, the problem to solve. How do we make or create another thousand bucks a month without pausing investing? How do we cut enough expenses or add enough income to create that margin if that's something we're excited about? I also think there's something about this that because you're getting close, you're feeling like I want to go faster. Because if you are, let's say just an arbitrary amount, let's just pretend that you owed a certain amount on your mortgage and it was gonna take 10 years to pay off. You wouldn't just suddenly be like, you know, for three years I just wanna save a thousand dollars and invest it. You wouldn't feel the need to do that because it, it's not gonna cause you to, it wouldn't have caused you to cross that finish line any sooner.


And so when you just kind of take that haste out of it, you realize, yeah, I wouldn't do that in any other circumstance. Yeah. So I'm not gonna do it right here either. But Have a little fun on a date night this weekend and go, okay, we're gonna sit down and see what we could cut and how we could add without touching our investments, without touching the contributions. And I think you guys will get creative and find a way and hit your goal my friend. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I'm super excited to announce that two of the goats of sticking to a budget have finally teamed up. That's right. RAMSEY and Aldi are partnering together because well groceries cost a lot of money. And besides that, most stores are designed to trap you in a maze. A sad, expensive maze. But Aldi is different. Aldi gives you simpler, better food choices that save you money and get you in and out so you can focus on what really matters from affordable, high quality must haves to grass fed meat, organic produce. And yes, even name brands, Aldi has what you need at prices that won't steal your joy. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi. Find a store near you today at Aldi us. That's a ldi.us.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my field of greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable infield of greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water and here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass, but it tastes great. And only field of greens makes this promise. Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's field of greens.com/ RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


This is The Ramsey Show. Raquel is up next in Green Bay, Wisconsin. What's going on Raquel? Okay. So just a little backstory. I think my biggest problem is I don't have a problem spending money. Our saving money. I have a problem spending money. I work really, really hard to save up the money I have. And while I am paying off my debts, I have it to like where I pay off the least amount because I am so afraid to lose my savings. And my biggest question is how do I overcome that fear of losing my savings? Where do you think that comes from? It comes from somewhere. Well when I was growing up we were very not well off.


Like we had housing insecurities, we had like food insecurities. So I'm always worried that I'm gonna get back to that point. What do you think would cause you to get back to that point? What, what do you identify in your life that you go if that falls outta place? I'm right back there. Well, for a while I felt pretty stable and then I had some health complications. I had two surgeries in two years and that took away from my savings and I'm paying a lot off now and I'm just off, I guess a health Issue. So it's your Health issue because my job is very stable. Okay. And you're walking through the baby steps now. So obviously that's on a quest for you to find that that piece or that stability you're looking for.


What baby step are, are we talking about baby step three or are you talking about baby steps? Like tell me more exactly about where you're at in the baby steps. Well to be honest, I just discovered your show about a week ago. Okay. And the things you guys have been saying, I've always felt like, well yeah, I thought credit was stupid too and I don't wanna, I don't wanna only put $20,000 down on a house. I always told myself I have to save a hundred thousand dollars before I get a house. That's The stability For the rest of my life. So you mentioned debt, how much debt do you have? Right now? I have $10,000 in medical debt. Okay. Is that all? Yes. Cool. And how much is in savings? That happened in the last two years. Okay.


And tell us about what's in savings. Yeah, what George said. I have 35,000 in saving right now. Oh my goodness. Okay. And what's your income? I make about, so it's in between 60 and 70,000 a year. It's all, so my base pay is about 25, but we also, I'm a truck driver. Okay. So per unit I get like 10 cents per unit. So if people are ordering a lot, then I get more money. Like during inflation I get a little less 'cause people are ordering a little less. So you've got this 10,000 in medical debt, you've got plenty of money that you could pay it off today and still have $25,000 saved. I think what could help with this John, Dr.


John would say like, facts are our friends. So I feel like what could help with this are a couple of thoughts. A, if health is really the thing that you think could knock you off your rocker, then for me, if I were in your shoes, I'd go, I always wanna have my out-of-pocket max for the year. Like I just always wanna have that saved. I've had these back surgeries, I'm a truck driver, this stuff could crop up again. And so for me, having that in place, that should be the piece you need. 'cause you know, hey, no matter what happens this year, this is the max amount that it could cost me. And I have that here. It's ready to go. What do you think about something like that? That makes sense. Yeah. I think that's it. And I, I, I do get, I do actually do that because those, the year prior I did not have it.


I had the minimum because I didn't wanna spend a lot in healthcare 'cause I'd never had health issues. And then I got two back to back. Yeah. And so like my next year when I did my healthcare, I was like, I'm getting the best healthcare I can. Yeah. The good news is you have a, like there's, there's a very good reason for why you were feeling some, some fear. And there's a really good reason by about why that exists in you that the key is you can't let a good reason become a bad excuse. Right. You can't let it become an excuse for you to do what you know is really the next Right. Smart thing with your money. And that's where we're at right now. I mean, you clear out this $10,000 in medical debt, you're completely debt free now you can actually move forward in life. Then you've got your 25,000 saved and you add a little bit more to that to make it the six months you need it to be, plus your deductible, whatever that is.


And now you're open to start building wealth. And I think that once she starts building wealth, George, that's when she's really gonna see a lot of this insecurity fade away. Yeah. Well I don't think you realize how much of a choke hold this medical debt has had on you. I I mean it's like hanging on. I totally agree with you. So how, how old is the medical debt? It's just two years old. Okay. How many times have you thought about it in the past two years? Probably every day. It's living rent free in your head. I was so Scared it was gonna happen again and then it did happen again. So then it just like freaked me out. I was like, well There's a cost to paying off your debt with savings. There is' an even greater cost to letting it consume you, man.


Yeah. I think the biggest thing is that because it happened one year and then the next year almost like, I mean within a couple months of each other. I was, I, I don't know. Yeah. It's got a choke hold on me. You're right. It's been two years. I would call and see if they'll settle and say, Hey, I'll give you four or five grand to call it good today. Paid in full. And that'll make you feel a little bit better about letting go of less of your savings. But even if you pay the whole thing off and fold, they go, Nope. Kick rocks, pound sand, you owe us 10 grand. Just pay it off and be done with it. And then stack up cash if you want. But the truth is you probably have already months and months of expenses in that 20 5K that's left over. Right. What are your monthly expenses? Right. Not a lot. I am very frugal.


Like I said, I listened to your show probably a week ago and I was like, yes, I got the cheapest. I don't have a house I rent. Mm Are your expenses three grand a month to cover everything? Oh yeah, absolutely. That would cover everything and more. Okay. So 18 grand is six months of expenses. So even if you were out of a job, you could float all of your bills for six months or more while you find another one. Yes. And the other thing is do you have disability insurance through your employer or through your health insurance? I do. Yes. There you go. Okay. That solves another fear. Yeah, it does. If something were to happen to where you couldn't work but you're still alive, the disability insurance would cover you. Okay. So that's Another facts are your friends, let's check off the box.


We have our out-of-pocket max, we have six months more of expenses. We have the right insurance in place and we're doing all the right things. And once you get this debt outta your life, you're gonna be looking at the future instead of looking at the past. I think right now you gotta crick in your neck from looking back at this medical debt so much. Yeah. Yeah. Because I did another surgery for It and it's so true. What, what George and I are saying, it's so true. If you can embrace this, you can finally go forward in the moment you go forward, it's gonna, this is gonna be in your rear view so quickly. Once you do this and then you're able to move on to baby step four in a year's time, you're gonna look back at this and go, oh my gosh, I, I was so stuck and I didn't even realize it because that 10 grand is gonna feel like, why was I so up in arms about that?


So I think it's just a matter of you pushing go. And now that George and I have kind of clarified that you're a lot safer than you think you are then. And this is you breaking the cycle, you paying off this final debt is you saying, I'm done. We're not going back to that place where money was a problem, money was a stressful point. You're looking at the future going, I'm the kind of person who cash flows the emergencies that come my way and nothing's gonna stop me. I think having your your chin up high, having no debt and releasing yourself from the trauma of the past, the long past, which is your childhood and the past of the surgery and the health problems and what could be, I think you're letting it have too much control of your life. I agree a hundred percent.


It's, it's always in the back of my mind. Mm. I hope that frees you, Raquel, are you gonna go pay it off today? Can you let America know you're doing it? Yeah. Woo. Do it. I like it. That's a win. I like it's, that's a huge win. We are cheering you on. And again, they, it's two years old, Jay. They might be willing to settle. I bet they would. I they're getting minimum payments right now. I I bet they'd love four grand in their pocket instead. Yeah, I bet they would.


But you know, George, I feel like we run into that time and time again where it's, you know, we talk about the three to six months of expenses and that's good. But I feel like the medical component is a part that people worry about and it's like, yeah, if you can just gather the numbers. 'cause sometimes people think, oh this happened, I had this huge medical bill and I never want that happening. But it's like, gather the numbers, gather the facts, and you can set yourself up to be prepared. No one knows everything that's gonna happen in a day. Right. But you can be prepared and know, hey, if I have something unexpected happen, if there's an emergency, yeah. I had the $5,000 to cover the the ambulance or Yes, I have the worst happens. We've got the out OFP pocket max to cover our family. If all of us, you know, fall off a cliff, that's A good reminder. People are playing offense out there with their income, working hard, building wealth. But you gotta play defense too. That's right. And that's where insurance is. It's, nobody wants to talk about it, but it's one of these things you gotta deal with and make sure that you are covered and don't wait until something happens to find out. Yeah. No Numbers. Figure it out now your Numbers. So go check out our coverage checkup tool, it's completely free. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. It's one of my favorite things you can do for peace of mind. We'll show you all the insurance you actually need, the ones that you don't, and connect you to the people that we trust to help you get it in place. So that's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. We'll drop a link to the description and show notes as well. If you're listening on YouTube or podcast, this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, when you're gazelle intense, you sell so much stuff, the kids think they're next. But when you've gotten rid of all you can save money by switching your cell phone plan to boost mobile. It's just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data Forever. Boost is a major nationwide network that offers reliable 5G service. And here's my favorite part, transparent pricing. There's no hidden fees, no contracts, and there's a 30 day money back guarantee, which means no risk. Go to boost mobile.com/ RAMSEY to switch today. That's boost mobile.com/your ramz.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchhomemortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in mls ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to the show. I'm here with Jade Warshaw. I'm George Kamel and it's time for one of America's favorite segments. Jade. It's called Asking for a Friend. What do we mean by that? You tell me. I will tell you. Have you ever had one of those moments where something pops up and it's like, I should know this. And you don't wanna admit that you don't know. Oh, at this stage of being 41 years old in your life. So the societal colloquial saying is, Hey, asking for a friend. Yeah. Yeah. But it's really for you. Exactly. And so I feel that this is the type of subject that warrants the asking for a friend. Kind of preface what is a tax deduction, George. Oh.


And what is the difference between that and a tax write off? I'm asking for a friend because I know the answer. I literally just fell asleep. That was so boring. Yes, I'm kidding. We're gonna make it fun. Pay attention. Here we go. So tax deduction versus write off. This is one of the funniest things people mix up. So the tax deduction, it's an expense that can lower your taxable income to reduce how much you pay in taxes. Yes. So you hear the word standard deduction. Itemized deduction standard is just the specified dollar amount you can subtract from your taxable income when you file your taxes. So the IRS decides this number every year. And it depends on your filing status and in some cases your age and some other factors Most. And you don't add to it.


You don't take anything from it. Yep. And so the easy math is am I going to save more by going the standard deduction or by itemizing? And most people in today's America are gonna be better off doing the standard deduction. It's a lot simpler. Yeah. Now itemized that could save you money if you have a lot of medical expenses, charitable donations, state and local taxes, student loan interest, mortgage interest, home office expenses, your self-employed, you, you know, all of these things can affect your which way you go here. But most people's standard deduction Next. Yes. Next is what is a tax refund? People get this one, they think it's free money. Jade. Ooh. The government blessed me. I was a good boy. And Santa decided to come early in April and gimme some money.


Oh no. It's really the exact opposite. It's, it's the government returning back to you the money that you overpaid to them throughout the year. And George, I think what makes it worse is, so this is basically when you've set the amount that's gonna come outta your paycheck. Right. You've set it too high. And so at the end of the year, uncle Sam says, Hey, thanks for letting me hold your money. You've given me too much here is it back. And by the way, I'm not gonna pay you interest on you letting me borrow that money all this time. Yeah. You, you made nothing. Yeah. That could have been sitting in a high yield savings account, at least making you some money. Ooh. Or working towards your debt or working to your goals and your debts. Yeah. So a tax refund, not a great thing. You want to aim for zero. You didn't get anything. You didn't know anything. Next, do I need to have all the money to pay my tax bill right away?


I mean, ideally you have all the money, but if you don't pay as much as you can when you file and then set up a payment plan with the IRS, this is a big one. People think, well Jade, I don't have the money so I'm just not gonna file. Yeah. Not filing can put you in jail. Yeah. Not being able to pay is okay. You can get on a payment plan with the IRS and put as much as you can toward the tax bill on tax day. That's good. Okay. What is a tax credit? Oh, you know what, when we go back, let's also talk about filing an extension. So Oh yeah. If, if you're, if you're not ready to pay, a lot of people think, well I filed the extension, I don't have to pay. That's not the same thing. You still have to do what George said. Even if you file an extension, you still have to either set up a payment plan or go ahead and pay the taxes. You gotta pay what you think you'll owe.


That's right. That's right. Even If you file the extension. That's right. So that's just worth mentioning. Okay. What is a tax credit? Okay, so earlier we talked about like a tax deduction. A tax credit is different. This is when they lower your tax bill dollar for dollar by subtracting the amount of your credit from your actual tax bill. So this is like, I know what my taxes are, I'm gonna have to pay, you know, $2,000 and then something comes up that's a credit and it says, Hey you've got this $500 tax credit now you don't have to pay 1500. And is that the, it's kind of like, think of it at the end. It's like a coupon. Yeah, that's What I like. If it, if this was a restaurant, the deduction is like, hey, all of the menu items we're gonna lower the prices on. Great. That's gonna lower my total bill. The credit is like saying, Hey, your total bill was a hundred bucks at the restaurant.


Yeah. We're gonna subtract 20 bucks off that coupon code. That's a coupon right there. I like that. Love it. Next up, how can I lower my tax bill? Well there's actually a lot of things you can do. Yeah. To lower your tax bill legally like plan throughout the year for taxes. That helps avoid this giant tax bill at the end. You know, quarterly estimated payments is a great way to do that. That's right. That's right. Contributing to your retirement accounts on the, the traditional side contributing to your HSA that can actually lower your tax bill. And then look for ways to leverage tax credits, child tax credits, adoption credits, elderly, disabled retirement savings contributions, credits, there's all types. And you can look into that or work with your tax pro to figure out which ones apply to you.


And then lastly, like Jade mentioned, adjusting your withholding on your W2 after you file. That's right. And that's, yeah. All Right. Finally, Actually it's a W four form is what you use to adjust withholding. Yeah. Was it was good call. It was a typo. That is a type of call you're not gonna Get me guys. Nice one Trump pull a fast one. An old Georgie. We would never. All Right. Next one is, what is adjusted gross income? You might see it written as a GI And this is your total gross income from all the sources that you have. It minus certain adjustments from the form 10 40. And with that I will close my eyes and take a siesta. Yeah. If you mention a form followed by a number, the brain shuts down scientifically. I don't even know what I just said. Like actually I, I just listen to this when I go to sleep. Yeah. I just listen to different IRS tax scores On the calm, on the calm app. Very calming. It's like watching the masters. It's great. Lastly, how can I take advantage of deductions and credits? Well, one option, like I mentioned, connect with a Tax Pro. Yeah. Who studies this stuff? They know all the changes that happened this year and they can handle all this for you. That's what I do. Or you can hand them all your documents and have that done. And if it's not hard to handle yourself, you've got a simple tax situation, you're a W2 employee, not a lot of, you know, itemized deductions you can file with a tax software that's not gonna charge you for all these extra forms. And that software is called Ramsey Smart Tax. There's no hidden fees. Gives you all the major forms you need right off the bat. We're not gonna be sneaky about it. So go check it out Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax to get started. If you haven't yet, which we're just days away. Yeah. George, I'm putting the Hot thes hot. Are you a standard conductor or an itemized conductor? I'm a standard guy. Really? It's never made sense 'cause I'm a W2 employee here. Okay. Okay. I don't have a ton of side hustles these days. I don't have a ton going on. I don't have mortgage, I don't have a mortgage interest. You know, there's, there's not a lot going on for me to really, I hear benefit from the itemized. How about you? I'm on that itemized tip because You guys, you have a business as a family. Yeah. Sam Wash, there's a Lot of, lot of things going on. Incorporate LLC, Esquire. I love It. I'm build my empire. You're Gonna get there one Day. Jake. I'm just kidding. I am being Facetious. Right on the back of Sam Warshaw. I love it. Well this is fun. The big thing with taxes is it's not going to get easier if you delay it. So what I do every year, 'cause I'm a nerd. Yeah. I go as soon as I can get an appointment, I'm there as soon as I get my Yes. All my forms don't wait. I'm setting up the appointment and what it does, it lets me know, hey, if I'm gonna owe it gives me time to prepare. That's so good George. To get that in the budget to get the savings in place to cover it. And if I get a refund now I can plan. It's rare these days that I, I get a refund. I try to make sure that I don't let any dollars. That's right. Uncle Sam's not great at managing other people's money. No. And I feel like it's one of those things, kind of like what the last call was about. The more you put something off, the bigger and the scarier it seems and the more of a like, just implication in your life that it feels like. But if you just rip the bandaid off and go, I'm gonna start on my taxes earlier than I've ever done it before. Like let next year be the year that you're like in January this as soon as the forms come in. Yep. January 31st. That final form comes in. I'm ready. Like I'm going, I'm not gonna put this off my dad. Okay. So my mom is, my mother-in-law is a CPA and every year my dad calls her the night before tax day uhoh and is like, help me. I'm like, every year the night before taxes, this is his routine. And I'm like, God Don, it can be much easier. Don't hug the cpa. This is, this is their time. This is their Super Bowl. Yep. They need a hug. Maybe coffee, more than a hug. I don't know if they wanna be touched right Now. They don't wanna be touched right now they're, They just need some space I think and some coffee. So give them a gift card. Gotta send 'em a Starbucks, a Red Bull, whatever it takes for your tax pros. But I do love smart tax because I, here's what I do. This is my super nerdery. I use Ramsey Smart Tax first to give me an idea of what I'm gonna owe. And then I meet with my tax pro and I go, how close was it? And so it's a fun game I play that is not a, it's one of my only hobbies Of a game. I don't do a pickleball like you Jade. Okay. I'm not out there going to the gym, going for a run. I'm out here trying to play the game with my tax pro. This Is you having a good time. Is this Like, I literally tell, tell him ahead of time and say, okay, I think it's this much. Let's see how close I get. Yeah. So, and he goes, you need friends. Yeah, I agree. I'll be your friend. Thank you for a little while. It's a sad game but I enjoy playing it. And you see my face plastered on smart text. They're smiling, telling you it's gonna be great. It's going to be, the more I tell myself that, the less I believe it, you know, it's gonna be okay. But truly don't be an ostrich with your head in the sand. Get your taxes done. There's still time. Yeah, you got time. But time is running out as you're listening to this Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax thank me later.


That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Thank you to my co-host Jade Warshaw. Good times to all the folks in the booth keeping the show afloat, keeping the sound and video and the calls going. We appreciate you guys and you America, thank you so much. We'll be back before you know it. Lemme tell you the God, It's holy Week in Jerusalem and the city is restless. The people of Israel welcome Jesus as king. His followers ready for revolution. But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables Walk to you scribes and fantasies. How will you escape being contempt to hell? Experience Holy Week like never before. What if you tell now in theaters the chosen Last supper?


Get your tickets now From the Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by bestselling author Jade Warshaw. We're taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. You jump in, we'll talk about what's going on in your life. James starts us off in Hartford, Connecticut. What's going on James? Nothing much. Thank you very much for taking my call. I appreciate it. Absolutely. So I'll just give a quick background. Nine years ago I bought a two family with the idea of eventually one day down the road my mother and father would move into the first floor.


They hadn't set themselves up for their future that well. So, you know, this is an opportunity for me to give them a home to rent potentially and be able to afford it and never be kicked out if potentially the, the owner sells the place. So, 'cause I'll never do that. My father unfortunately passed away and I was able to get my mom in there, but we're giving a discount to her of anywhere from 550 to $700 a month every month. And although I still make a little bit, I mean every month and I'm able to put it away, it's not, it takes a long time to cover expenses. Like when the tenant upstairs moved out and left the place a mess.


And we had to take a lot of our own money to get it back up to a rentable unit. So my, my wife was like, well, it's kind of like we're, you know, giving to her every month. And we, we we're, we're in a great place, you know, we're in four years, we should have our house paid off. Awesome. And, and then we work on paying off the two family at that time as well. But you know, we're only, we're only clearing about $500 a month and I know I have to do a new furnace. I have to get, my mom's almost gonna be 80 and I wanna get the washer and dryer outta the basement. So my wife was like, you know, you know, should we, we, we we're putting, you know, taking our 10% out and we give some to the church to, you know, to children in need kind of thing.


All of we're, you know, splitting it out. She's like, you know, maybe we should be taking some of that money. And I'm like, I, that doesn't feel right. But it is like we are helping my mom out and not having her have to go to like yeah, a much smaller unit and like a retirement home. And I just needed some, wanted to hear your opinion. 'cause she's like, I wonder what Dave RAMSEY and, and their and his friends would say about this. So I said, let me call today while I'm painting the basement. While you're painting the basement. I Love that man. Well, I'm glad you found out the hard way that this is not passive income like they told you on TikTok facts by duplex. Not at all. It's amazing at they pay the mortgage for you and then realize is different. Well, I'll tell you this, I am not the Jesus police. So I am not in charge of tithing at the, at the Pearl League gates.


But I will tell you that one man's opinion is this is would not be considered a part of your tithe by giving your mom a discount. I think it's a, a justification to feel better about the situation and to alleviate some financial pain that you guys are feeling. I would say it's a generous thing to do, but it's not tithing in the biblical sense. Yeah, I didn't, I didn't think so either. Yeah. Okay. I think I'd agree with that as well. But what I'm hearing, what I'm hearing is that money is tighter than you'd like it to be with these rentals and with everything that's associated with them. And so you're looking for areas to kind of recoup that and, and, and in that way I'd liken it to just a budget issue, right?


When you, when the budget feels tight and you're looking for line items to cut or places that you can pull from, but there's certain line items that are kind of like off limits. Like we don't really want to touch, right. The emergency fund if we don't need to. If we're shifting things around, we don't really want to touch our giving or our tithe. So I feel like there's other areas in the budget that need to shift to cover this. Does that make sense? I feel like you're looking in the wrong place. 'cause what I hear is I've got a rental that I owe on, I've got a home that I owe on, there's still, even though you're doing some things really, really well, I do feel like there's debt that's surrounding this, that's making some things feel uncomfortable. Like, I love that you're able to house your mom, but you're also carrying a two family that has debt.


And as a result, now you have to make a, generate a certain amount of profit in order to offset that. Right. And so I think that's really where the problem lies. It's not whether or not housing your mom is, is tied or not. Yeah. It's definitely that the numbers are tighter than we'd like. And it's like, I feel like we're one big situation away from, you know, we're finally actually like, being able to put, you know, that money away every month, but like when the furnace goes and we need to, you know, move that other stuff, it's like, like, where's that money gonna come from? And it's again, gonna come from our, our budget. And it, it's, you know, it's, this wasn't the best investment, although it's doubled in price in the last, you know, nine years. That's great. But it's all just, you know, fake money.


It's not real money. It's, it's what, it's On paper, Theoretically what happened. And I'm not gonna sell the house, so it means nothing to me. You know what I mean? Yeah. Well, Is there, is there a, is there a world where you do sell this rental and you figure out something that's more sustainable for both you and mom? Well, my wife would love to, would not, would love to hear you say that. I'm glad that she's not on the call right now. How much can your mom, actually, I'm gonna write her a letter. What is your mom's income? It's, it's really only social security and a very, very small, like a hundred dollars. It's, it's not much. It's like, Is it 1500 bucks? Oh, it's 2000 a month, you know? Okay. That's, you know. Yeah. So that's where she's at. But it's, it's tight with other rentals out there. I mean, she'd never get anything close and it feels like a home to her.


Not just like a, you know, like a small one bedroom efficiency. You know, I feel like I have my mom in a home and, you know, when we out Home. Sure. And you're charging her how much? Only nine 50. And, And you could be charging what, 1600 bucks? 1600 is 17. I mean, it's two bedroom, two bath back, one car, garage, back deck, you know, a first floor. I mean, it could get anywhere from 1500 to 1700. Okay. So half her income is going toward rent and that's heavily discounted thanks to your generosity. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's so, it's a tight spot. And she's okay. She's good. I mean, she's still working at, you know, 78 years old, which Is incredible.


Sold. Let, let, let's just pretend for a moment. 'cause here's where my brain is going. This might be a dead end, but if you sold that rental, what would it bring? Oh, I could get, you know, probably at least 320,000. Okay. And I only owe 120. So three, you'd get three 20 on it. And then what do you owe on your personal residence? I'm just curious. Like, I think it's like 80. 80. Yeah. Is there a world where you sold this rental, took some of the money, and paid off your personal house, and then took the rest of the money and bought something, like you said, bought a, a condo or an apartment in cash for mom, that's also an investment, but now you're not having a monthly payment on it.


Mom lives there comfortably. And then when the time comes for mom to go to heaven, now you sell this condo and you've still, it's still been invested in real estate and you still make a spread. Is is, have you considered a route like that? Oh my lord, I, no, I hadn't. Holy cow. Like I, wow. That's like, instead of having like a multifamily, just like a single unit, that would be like, whoa, listen, Whoa, I can retire. I done. I love you. It's been fun. I love you. I'm telling you. Oh my gosh. I wanna start singing a whole new world, but I won't. A whole New Yeah. Unbelievable Sight did Better indescribable feeling Soaring, tumbling, freewheeling.


We can keep going. James, I love it. Oh, I love it. Listen, the lights are on. I like that. I would present some of these options to your wife and say, Hey, I wanna alleviate the stress. I know this has been a burden. It didn't work out as we planned. Here's what we're gonna need to do. And it might still take fixing up some things. You need a sinking fund for any property you own. Right? Right. You need maintenance and repair. Put it in savings. Have the money ready. It's not a surprise when things go wrong. It's part of home ownership. Yeah. And so instead of making a surprise, add it as a line item in your budget. Mark it as a sinking fund in EveryDollar so that the future you doesn't resent present. You love that. But I love this plan. I feel like there's some excitement just happened. The wheels are turning. Yeah. The wheels, The wheels are in motion.


Love it. Best of luck, James. This is The Ramsey Show.


Alright. Business owners last call. The pre-sale for the brand new book, build a Business You Love Ends April 15 pre-order now and get over $350 worth of free bonus items to help you hire smarter, lead stronger, and grow faster. This is not theory, it's the system I use to grow my company from nothing. And the same framework we've coached thousands of business owners through. You can only get the bonuses at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. So don't wait pre-order now.


Hey, buying or selling your home, it's a big deal and you want an expert in your corner fighting for you to find the best deal for the right price. And the RAMSEY Trusted program is the only way to find a top agent you can trust will help make your home a blessing, not a burden. And it's easy. Compare Agent Profiles, you interview them and choose the right one to work with. To do that, if you wanna find a local RAMSEY, trusted Real Estate Pro for free, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent or click the link in the description. If you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


Joseph is gonna join us Up next in Columbia, South Carolina. Joseph, How can we help? Hey, thanks for having me on guys. Sure. So my question is, is I'm a disabled veteran and all of my income is from disability and I am not able to invest into a Roth IRA because of all my income not being taxable. What do you recommend the best way for me to start, baby? Step four. I, I just finished three and I'm wanting to start four now. Hmm. Well, thank you for your service and sacrifice. Thanks. How old are you? 28.


Are you single? I am. Okay. And what is your income? It's about 52,000 a year. All Right. And that's fixed? It's fixed, yep. Is there A cost of living adjustment every year? There Is okay's, like between four to 5%. Okay, great. And do you have any debt currently? What's your financial picture looking like? I, like I said, just finished baby step three. So I have all of my, I'm debt free, but my home, I own a house. How much is on the mortgage? I owe 201 house is worth two 40. Okay, great.


And you can afford that mortgage comfortably. How much do you, how much margin do you have every month to invest after all their expenses and bills are paid? About 50% of my income. Wow. Way to go. Yeah. Less than half of my income is bills, so, So close to two grand a month or so. Wonderful. About 20, about 2150. Yeah. Okay. Can I ask a little bit more about the nature of your disability? Is there some, if, if there was something you wanted to do for work to earn an income, is there something you could do that doesn't affect your disability?


No, there's not. I, I'm just unable to work because of like PTSD TS stuff Got and stuff. Okay, got you. Hmm. Well you always have the option of a taxable brokerage account to store money. Now it's not gonna have the tax advantages of an IRA, but it's a great way to at least harness the compound, the compound growth that you would get by investing. Okay. But if you did have earned income, like Jade's saying by doing anything, that would give you the ability, even if with part-time work to contribute to a Roth IRA, so even if you made seven grand a year of earned income, you could max out a Roth IRA for the year just by doing that.


I'm, and, and when I said employment, I'm thinking of things. Okay. And again, only you know this, so I'm not trying to like creep into your, your mental or, or medical history. Well, I can mention it. I think I'm able to make about 15,000. I'm able to make up to federal poverty guidelines In order to not lose this benefit. Correct. Right. So there's two, there's two ways we can approach this. Oh, sorry, I I wanted to ask because there's two ways. It's a how much can you make before you mess with the benefit and B, with your PTSD, is there anything that you would want to do to make a living? And I'm thinking of things like, it might not be the typical job that you show up for in person, right?


It might be something that is more online based or, you know, that doesn't require you showing up to an office building. So those were the kinds of things that I was thinking of only, you know, your medical history and what you're really capable of. But those are the things that I'd be exploring. Yeah. Now when, when were you disabled, do you have access to an ABLE account? I know there's age limits. I believe it's 26. I'm sorry, I'm not, I'm not sure what you're asking. The able accounts achieving a better life experience is what they're called. And it's a special account for individuals that are disabled before age 26. So I'm just trying to think through other options you might have access to.


Yeah, I've never heard of that before, but I have had my disabilities for about six years now through the pa Okay. With what you're saying, and based off of what we know about it and what we've heard you say, it feels like the right thing to do is pick something that you're making at least 7,000, 10,000 where you can then turn around and just throw that into a Roth IRA. And if you make anything above that, or if you'd like to, to throw some of your disability in there, you're throwing that into a brokerage. So maybe like some at home, like remote work. Yes, exactly. Exactly. Like you could literally be a, a copy editor. Do you know what I'm saying? That's something you're doing from home. It's requiring you reading, you're working at your own pace.


Like, and I don't know if that's even within your skillset, but you get what I'm saying. It's not the, the typical rules of the work environment that might not work for you. And again, worst case, Joseph, that taxable brokerage account, I just crunched some numbers here to give you an idea. You said your 28 and to kind of create your own retirement account, let's say you invested that 2100 till age 60 and we're gonna assume a 10% rate of return, you would have $5.8 million sitting in that account. Wow. Now you would have capital gains tax as you start to withdraw the money from that, but only 800 grand was money you put in. So 5 million of that was compound growth. And so I still want you to be investing, even if you don't get all the tax advantages that you could get through a retirement account, and even if we lower it to, let's say a 7% return, still be 3 million bucks.


Okay? So the fact that you are living on less than you make with so much margin to invest, that's the key versus the exact vehicle you use. And if I'm in your shoes, I would be u utilizing a financial pro, an advisor in your corner who can help you figure out what the right options are for you legally with the disability and what benefits you have. And so I would get in touch with one, you can jump on a Ramsey Solutions dot com, click on smart ster and get connected to someone who can help with that. But it's a, I'm sorry for what you've gone through, man, that's a, that's a lot of sacrifice. But the good news is you're gonna be able to build some serious wealth with the margin you've created. Yeah, that's true. Way to go. All Right, Jimmy is up next in Cleveland, Ohio. How can we help today?


Jimmy? Hey, thank you for taking my call. So my situation may be a little bit unique. I am a hundred percent self-employed and I recently just sold one of my businesses, the shares in that business. Cool. And me and my wife have been following the baby steps. We're on step two paying off all our debt and we're hitting it pretty hard. With my situation though. I wanna know if it's smart to maybe put a hold on step two and go to three. And the reason is, is my income and my, my job is very seasonal, so when wintertime comes, the income definitely slows down.


Like right now I'm bringing in pretty good money and I'm applying it to a lot of the debts, but I'm afraid I'm gonna pay down my debts so fast that I'm not gonna have any money come winter just to survive. Well if the, if the work goes down in the winter, wouldn't you just pick up a different type of work? So kind Of like a teacher in the summertime With my line of work, that's impossible. Reason is, is because we do the jobs when the weather's good during the dry season, summertime. But during the wintertime I handle the permitting process. So the permitting process cannot stop. So it's lining up the jobs. So you're Still working full time, it's just not you're, you're not in a season where you're harvesting.


There you go. That you got. Got it. Okay. How much, much, you said you sold the, the shares, how much did you make? I am making right around 300,000. A little over 300,000. And I'm getting paid over five years. So I'm getting roughly 4,000, $4,500 a month out of that. And then in the month of August coming up, I will be getting a full 40,000 on top of that. How much debt do you have? And Then I have 90,000 in vehicles, 20,000 in recreational vehicle. And I owe on my house that, that's an I owe two 50 on the house and we're definitely way ahead on the house.


I would sell these vehicles and toys and be done with this instead of hoping. And what if the winter's rough? Can you sell most of these and downgrade and pay cash And, and come out ahead? Not necessarily come out ahead, just get rid of the payments And get rid of the payments. I, I could, I'm doing some homework tonight going, we're gonna start listing this stuff and get at it debt faster. And if you want to keep one of the cars and pay it off aggressively, that's fine. But I think you just found your shortcut out of this mess. And I wouldn't switch the baby steps around. I would focus on getting rid of the debt and then getting the emergency fund in place. You don't get too comfortable. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright. You've heard me say it a thousand times and I'm gonna keep saying it. You are worth being. Well, and listen, therapy can help. I see a therapist and let's be honest, a lot of you should too. But let's be real. Taking that first step to see a therapist can feel overwhelming. Maybe it's the time. Maybe you have some preconceived notions about therapy. Maybe it's the cost, but we spend money on gym memberships, organic groceries, essential oils, little league practices, tracker watches. But for some reason, when it comes to our mental and emotional wellbeing, we hesitate. Listen. Your mental and emotional health are just as important as your physical health. And the good news BetterHelp makes therapy more affordable and convenient than ever since it's online. You can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. No waiting rooms, no long commutes, and no six month waiting lists. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch at any time for no extra cost. Listen, your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get started. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Are you sick and tired of being sick and tired? You can take control of your money and your relationships and it starts with just one night. Join me and Dr. John Delony LIVE in a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. We're covering the real life stuff that matters so you can break the cycles that have left you stuck. It's coming up fast. So get your tickets for Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix Fort Worth, or Kansas City at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Today


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why refi? Why Refi offers a different approach to paying off your defaulted private student loans with a low fixed rate for less stress. Go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Okay, Today's question comes from Beth in New Jersey. My husband and I have followed the baby steps for 15 years. We're on baby steps four and five with a paid off house, huh? Okay, we'll get back to that. We have three kids with the oldest starting high school next year. We would love to go on an international vacation in 2026 while our kids still live at home. We are in the process of saving up $30,000 to pay cash for that trip. My husband recently saw a clip with Dave ranting about people who take lavish vacations and how he thinks we are budgeting too much. Should we vacation in the US at a lower cost or is the international trip feasible as long as we're paying cash?


In other words, is it okay for us to start living like no one else? All Right. There, there. I love this question 'cause there's many things to address. All Right. First off, you're in baby Step six. Well, seven if they have a paid off house Yeah, you're In baby step seven. Yes. That's that's the That's Right. The confusing part. So four and five, they're investing in saving for college, but then they added, they have a paid four house. That's right. Which puts them at the end, at baby step seven. So that's the confusing part. Yes. But if they truly have a paid four house, they're in baby step seven. Seven. Dave would have no problem with going on a paid four $30,000 vacation for you. No, he would no Problem. Guess he was addressing broke people going on lavish vacations. That's right. You aren't broke people. You're Not, you're, you've done excellent. Bravo and bravo. Like that's really, really good.


And I would say yes, go and start living like no one else and pay cash and send us a postcard and call in and tell us all about it. Sounds amazing. Yeah. This is my new goal here. I love it. Take me on an international vacation. Okay. I love it. While our kids are still living at home. Love that. I love That's the other important part is you're creating some special memories with these. Let's see, starting oldest is starting high school next year. Yeah. Great. They're still young enough that they like you probably, this is a great, a great time to go. This is really good. I Imagine once they're older teenagers, I can't speak from experience, but I imagine they're just like, no, this is lame. Yeah. You know. No, I mean, I want to go back to the Dave Ran.


I, I think I can be on, I, I can't speak for Dave, but we love when you guys are winning with money and we love to see you guys live like no one else. Not just in the, the penny pinching live like no one else. We love to see you guys get to the other side of living like no one else where you can buy the car and you can take the trip and you can, you know, upgrade the house or build the house. All of that stuff. Like, I feel like a lot of times people get caught in the baby Step three RAMSEY stuff, the baby step two RAMSEY stuff and they forget about the baby Step seven and baby step six RAMSEY stuff, which is really, really exciting and really, really fun and Yeah, don't, It's the, it's the so that live like no one else. Yeah.


So that later you can live and give like no one else. And later is now for you guys, you've been following the steps for 15 years, you get a paid for house. Go have fun on the trip and Can we, can we hang out on this for a little bit while, okay. Okay. So earlier today, I can't stop you. Earlier today I was on Instagram live taking some questions and it came up the juxtaposition between living like the Joneses and, and they used the two inter, inter interchangeably. It was like, Hey, yeah, I have a problem with people living like the Jones keeping up with the Joneses slash showing their income. And I was like, wait a minute. These are two different things and this is something to talk about.


So yeah, the way we teach, there is a time where you are cutting back, you're scaling back, you are, you know, doing all these things so that you can pay off debt. And when you do that, it shows right When you trade in the Lexus for the Camry, it shows when you pick up a side hustle, it shows when you stop buying new clothes, like all of that, there is an exterior that we all see, or the people around you see. And it's like, oh, it seems like they're cutting back. On the other side of that, when you get to a certain point in the baby steps four, five, and six and beyond seven, then there's a part of it that now your money's kind of taken the shift. You have more of it, you have more at your disposal anyway in margin. And I don't think it's a negative thing.


If those positive things now begin to show, oh, Bob is doing well, it looks like he, I saw on Instagram, he took a nice vacation with his kids. Or I saw, you know, Steve bought a, you know, I almost set a, a cool car. I almost set a, I don't know if you could say it, the, the motorcycles that go really fast anyway. Like a Ducati. Oh. Or like, but there's a word for it. I didn't say, I don't know if you can. Anyway, I, yep, Kelly just mouthed it. Thank You. Okay. What was it? You know what I'm talking about? They bought a new toy, it's great, but there's some folks who feel like it's a bad thing for it to show when you're doing well with money. And I'm like, why was it okay for it to show when we were struggle slices?


But it's not okay to show when we're doing well. I think it's great. I think that if you're winning here at RAMSEY, this is one of the few places where you can be like, woo hoo. Yeah. Hey, We call it aspirational. Yes. It's great. Share it. Don't try, you don't have to try to hide that you're doing well. You really don't. This should be something that you celebrate and truly it gives hopes to other people, the people who have the right attitude. Give some hope. Now if you, if you're bragging about it and making others feel less than for it, that's different. Forget about that. But the people that I know that have follow the plan, they're not that way. No. In fact, they're whispering when they're on the debt free stage. They go, and by the way, we're baby steps millionaires, but I'm like you throwing ashamed of it, They're whisper for it. Ashamed. Yeah. That's shame what I'm saying. I'm like, if you were loud and proud about getting out of debt and sacrificing and cutting back, you can be loud and proud about the fact that you're winning.


I think that's wonderful. Yeah. And if other people experience shame because of it's, that's on them. That's on them. Let them Jade, thank you for freeing us all. You're welcome. It's what you're here for. Lincoln is up next in Idaho Falls, Idaho. What's going on Lincoln? Hey, so I'm 30 years old, run my own business. We've been doing very well. We have paid off all of our debt. My wife and I, we have about a hundred thousand saved split between CDs, emergency funds, and then we are also saving for our daughter's college fund on that.


And we're just wondering, you know, keeping the emergency fund and all that, we're looking at buying a house. Do we take out a mortgage to buy our house even though we just became completely debt free. So you're saying consumer debt free and baby step two, now you're in baby step three, maybe three B, saving up for a down payment. What is this house gonna cost In our area? Roughly 300,000. So you can't pay cash today, you have a hundred thousand, right? E Exactly. So you would have to take on a mortgage if this is gonna happen in the next several years.


Okay. So what you're saying is, hey, we got outta consumer debt. I feel bad now taking on a mortgage because we're going quote unquote back into debt. Exactly. Got it. Okay. Is is it you feel bad or you're wondering what we think about it? Well, what you guys think about about it. We're projecting here in the next year we will be able to buy in cash whatever house we want. You could save up over 200 grand in a year. Yes. Oh, well that changes it. I mean, yeah, I mean our, our business has just exploded this Year. Yay. Good for you. That's great. We don't, I mean hear loud and clear. Like we don't have a problem with somebody taking on a mortgage for their home when it's done within the proper parameters.


And you've heard, you may have heard us say that, right? We don't want the payment to be any more than 25% of your take home. We recommend a 15 year fixed rate mortgage and we recommend you putting, we would love if you could put 20% down on a first time home buy. Right? That's kind of our parameters. But the number one way we love to see people buy a home is in cash. A hundred percent down plan. Yeah. Can't beat it. And so if you can do that and your time, your horizon on this is super short. Yeah, I love that. When is college coming? Well, so our daughter just turned one. Oh. And So we, So we put 10,000 aside into CDs for that. What a, just for her. Okay. Oh, so the money is in CDs for her college right now.


It's not in like a college savings account. Okay. What I would do personally in your shoes, if you got a year, I'm gonna go, let's really go for it and pay cash for this home and leave your emergency fund alone. But any money outside of that, I would just throw it toward the house and you'll have plenty of time to save up and pay cash for college. Okay. Okay. Way to go. And then for the future, I would separate all of these out. Right now it sounds like there's just like a bunch of piles of money. I would have very specific accounts and goals for these things. So set up a 5 29 plan or an ESA for college. We're gonna put money there. Save money in an emergency fund. Okay. Call it the emergency fund. Save money for vacations. Call it the vacation fund. And that will free you from the paralysis of, I feel bad for using this money for this when it really was for this.


Yeah. But man, I love the a hundred percent down plan. If you guys can do it within a year, I'm doing it. If it was five years, we'd say just take out a reasonable mortgage that 15 year fixed, knock it out fast. Either way you're gonna be fine. But I love this stretch goal. Way to go, man. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know what's crazy to me? Two things. One that we're already down to the wire on the tax deadline and two, statistically speaking, most people haven't filed yet. And if that's you, I'm not trying to shame you or anything, but just know that taxes don't have to be stressful. Ramsey Smart Tax is a 100% accurate software that makes filing simple and easy and doesn't make your wallet cry. So don't be the person pulling your hair out because you're trying to file at 10 o'clock at night on April 15th. Get this party started and over with by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Hey, if you're enjoying The Ramsey Show, do us a quick favor takes you one second. It's free to you just subscribe, leave a review and share it with a friend. That could be word of mouth, that could be hitting the share button wherever you're listening, send them a text to this episode. Whatever you choose. It really helps us out and helps get more people the hope they may need. And this is the last segment of this hour. If you're on YouTube or podcast, if you're on radio, stay tuned. So if you don't wanna miss out on the next hour, you can get full episodes of The Ramsey Show in the Ramsey Network app. Go download it for free in your app store by searching Ramsey Network. Or use the link in the show notes. Latoya's up next in Morgantown, West Virginia.


What's going on Latoya? Hi, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. So I have a vehicle that I bought brand new last year, regretted it just a moment after I left the lot. Ooh. And now I, we have alternate cars to drive, but this one has already depreciated so much. How do I get out of it without coming up with this dramatic difference from what has gone down already? Well, what'd you buy it for and what's it worth today? So I, it was 39 on the front sticker in the car lot.


I rolled over seven uhoh from the previous car that I traded in. Oh, negative equity. Yeah, I wasn't aware of that. I the, it was not very detailed, it was not a thorough transaction. And when I called to get more information about why everything was so high after I got home, they informed me that instead of the six they were giving me, they only gave me four. And then all the taxes and fees. So the loan came out to 56. Oh my god. 56 6. Oh. And now the vehicle is worth, according to Kelly Blue Book, about 24. What is that private party?


Yeah, I, No, or is That traded? So that's like to sell it outright But sell it outright private party. You're saying it's 24 because they'll list different ones. They'll list the trade-in value and they'll list the private party value and they'll list the retail value. Okay. Maybe it was the, it was, I tried Carvana and I tried Kelley Blue Book and they looked about, about very similar mid twenties. Okay. So it's maybe a, What kind of car is this? Just so everyone knows not to do this izo. Oh, the old Kia. So you're $25,000 upside down. I am. What do You owe today? And it about 51, 52.


I've owned it for less than a year. Okay. Okay. Well here's, here's the bad news. The only way out of this is to cover the difference. And that's either with money that you save up or with a personal loan from a credit union. What's the payment on this Nine 80? Ooh mama. Okay, so let's, let's jole this down even further with what George said. 'cause a lot of people when we say that it's kind of a head tilt for them of like, I thought you guys were the not no debt people. If you do this, if you say, well let me take a loan for the 25, then your payment is gonna be, it's gonna go down significantly. So that frees up some margin for you and at the end of the day, yeah, it's better to owe 25 then to oh 51.


So that's, Have Another kind of thought behind it. You already, you're driving another vehicle right now or you said you have access to another vehicle? We're We have, my husband and I both have an alternate vehicle. Oh, So you're just not driving it 'cause you don't wanna drive the price down even further? Pretty much, yeah. So my grandfather co-signed with me so I don't wanna trash his credit. Oh my gosh. And cares a lot about it taking care of it. So I'm kind of just hanging onto it for the sake of not ruining his trust in me. Even more reason to get out of it because there's a co-signer on it. Right. So we, I I run for the hills immediately on this. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So that's that. I just didn't know if there was things that maybe I wasn't, options that I wasn't aware of.


Like I didn't even realize that I could do that with a personal loan to cover the difference on it. I've just kind of been very scatterbrained with this whole thing that's like that I said moments after I drove away, I was like, can I turn around? No, I think what you're asking is that's a quandary that a lot of people find themselves in. They're like, I hear what you guys are saying, like get out of the car payment, but how am I supposed to when the car is worth less than what I owe on it? And so what you're asking is a very normal question that we get all the time and yeah, it can feel disorienting, but that is what George said is exactly the solution. And you're, at the end of the day, you're still, you still have debt that you have to pay off, but like I said, 25 is better than 51 and now you're gonna have more margin freed up so that you can pay that 25 off very, very quickly.


How much money do you make? 95. Okay. And is that just you or is that household? It's it's household. That's household income. Okay. Yeah. Woo. Yeah, that's, that's a lot of car. What does grandfather think about this? Yeah, because why? Why was he the co-signer? My credit? Mm. So did you reached out to grandpa and said, Hey, he's good for the money. He'll, he'll sign. No, not necessarily. He, he is just done it for a long time to kind of help me out his, I mean that's just what he does. Super helpful. And he didn't really give me much say. He's like, if you're good for the payment then you're good.


And considering we'd done this route before and everything went fine, he had no issues trusting me. Oh this wasn't the first time and No, But what's caused your, I mean there's a part of this that we have to ask. I mean if, 'cause typically if your credit is poor, right? And a lender says, this is so bad, we're not gonna give you the loan Don't trust. Which is really, I mean I'm not trying to insult you Latoya, but it's really saying something if some of these lenders won't give you the money. So my question is, what's happened in the background that's caused this to happen and are, what are we doing to change it? So I have paid off the things that I owe other than my student loans.


So I don't have any debt. But the problem was that whenever, like I was 18 to 24, I had, I gotcha. Had some silly things that completely my credit like Got it. You know that first cell phone that you get those first credit cards. And so by the time I've gotten to a stable point in life where I'm paying everything, they don't trust me with it. I see. Okay. So everything that I have paid and I've paid timely has been under someone else. I see. So it's not benefiting me. So I've paid off three cars under my grandfather, but that didn't help me a bit. So are you done with debt? I'm still almost, I'm closer than close. Way closer than I was. I'm still in baby step two.


Okay. But I'm saying like this is it like we're not borrow, are you done borrowing money? We're for, we're not borrowing For cars. I'm not done taking, yeah, absolutely. I would love to never borrow again. Love that. Okay. Then I think, Yeah. Do you have other, you said you have student loans still? I do. What's Left on this? We're Working through those now. 50. Okay. And then does your husband have any debt in his name? No, we now we've paid off his last like personal loan and our credit cards are all closed. Okay, Good. Good. Alright. Yeah, I would go the personal loan loan route from the credit union, get that loan down and then just debt, snowball everything and try to increase your income to speed up this whole process. If both of you can commit to doing something, get that income up another 10, 20, 30 grand.


So really speed up the process and get you guys to a better place financially. But Jay, this is one of the most common things we've been seeing the last few years is car prices have skyrocketed and then you see, oh, the depreciation really hits, man, Let's talk about it. I mean, loss of value one minute after you buy a car, like the minute you drive it off, if you buy shiny brand new car, let's say you spend $35,000, it loses somewhere between nine to 11% of its value. The very moment you drive it off. So basically you're throwing, consider driving off the off the lot and then opening, opening up your wallet and pulling out $3,500 and just throwing it out the window. Oh my goodness. That's lit 100% of what you're doing when you do it.


And then fast forward one year later, so 12 months in and that same car sitting in your driveway has lost around 20% of the value, maybe more. And then, and so that's a seven K loss. That's a lot of money. Yeah, that's a lot. And then after five years you can expect your new car to lot to lose up to 60% of its value after driving it around for five years, most cars lose about 10% of their value every single year after that, after that first year dip. Yeah. And depending on the model and make it can be way worse. And some people go, well gee, that's not what happened with my car. Okay, maybe you had a make and model that's fared better. Sure. But the principle's still there. This is not us making this up. No. This is data out there from Edmonds and all kinds of, you know, outside folks that do the math on this.


And even my own car, it was paid for in cash. It's a 12-year-old car and it still hurts my soul to see how much I could get for it today. It is minuscule. Well, let's think about it like this. Okay? And I don't know if this is the case with her, but the average new car term is 69 months. Oh. So if she was paying $980,000 for 69 months to think About, almost six years. But think about the opportunity costs on that investment wise. Brutal thousand dollar a month payments, y'all, this is becoming normal and I I don't like it. One bit. Oh, that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Check out the next hour in the Ramsey Network app. Go check it out in the app store.


Brutal. 69 months.