
Live from the headquarters of at Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing experiences. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, George Kamel and co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour. That's right. We do another podcast together. And So we are here to answer your question. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five and we'll be talking about your life and your money. So kicking us off this hour is Marissa in St. Louis. Hey Marissa. Welcome to the show. Hi. Happy to be on it. Love Smart Money. Happy Hour. Thank you. You've got your two favorite hosts then you planned it, Right?


It really is. My question is, should we get a high deductible, high premium health insurance plan or a traditional health insurance plan? My husband and I are on baby steps 4, 5, 6, and we just had our third baby in November. Aw, congratulations. So exciting. Thank you. Are you guys relatively healthy people, would you say? For the most part, yes. Our two older kids have both, both had to have tubes in their ears twice, so that's, yeah, not fun expense to have to pay, but Sure. Other than that, we're mostly healthy. Okay. Okay. Yeah. 'cause I feel like for me, George, that's kind of how we've decided it overall of like Health of the family.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's kinda the way we've, we've dictated it. I mean, I don't know why there's Kind of, yeah, there's kind of like a spectrum, almost a bell curve if you think about it. And you go, All Right, is if there's a ton of health issues in the family, the high deductible health plan could be good. Yeah. 'cause you'll hit your out-of-pocket max and it's gonna be a hundred percent covered. And if there's very little health issues in the family, it could also be good. And if you're somewhere in between, you might want to go with a traditional plan. Now I have chosen to go with a high deductible health plan. I, I love the low premium. You guys are in baby steps 4, 5, 6. You can take on a little more risk from the insurance company by having that higher deductible. And I love the fact that you get the high, the health savings account with many of these high deductible health plans. And that's a really cool health savings tool, but also kind of a life hack retirement option as well.


'cause you can invest inside of that and it's Triple tax advantage. So I'm just a big fan of the high deductible health plan, but again, it's a very personal decision based on the health of your family. Have You guys priced out both Marissa? Yes, we have. And the reason why we're going through all this is because with a third kid, we decided I wasn't going back to work. Okay. And So we werere going from everyone being on my health insurance plan to now all of us being on my husband's. Got it. Yeah. And what would it, what would be the out of pocket max on his plan now for the out-of-pocket max on his plan now for the whole family? Oh gosh, I, I believe it is 16,000. 16,000. Okay. And you have, how much do you have in the emergency fund?


We currently have 17,000, but with me not going back to work, we're about to up it good to 25,000. Yeah. I think that'll give you some peace. And again, you can price it out. You can even talk to, you know, healthcare Insurance pro through Ramsey Solutions dot com to help you kind of navigate some of this and you can crunch the numbers. I personally wouldn't burn too many brain calories over it. You can kind of look at what you guys have spent on healthcare in the past, what the premiums are, what the deductibles are, the out-of-pocket max. Those are really the main things you wanna look at to decide. But the main thing is you got good coverage, you know what the in-network care is. Right. And you're not going outside of that. Yeah. And do I have good care with the network s that I've chosen? And so when it comes to the RAMSEY plan, I go, what's the cheapest option I can pay for that still covers my family.


Because really you want for the big catastrophic stuff. That's right. Yes. The little ankle biter stuff. I'm like, whatever. Well, 'cause Yeah, you got three kids, so you're gonna be going, you know, you're gonna go to the pediatrician during the winter. Yes. Probably one or two times. But If you're getting, you know, tubes and surgeries, that's where you want to go. All Right. I wanna know, this is my max out of pocket. Yes, exactly. That gives me some peace knowing that's in the emergency fund, that's a worst case scenario. We're Good to go. Alright, let's go to Holly in San Antonio. Hey Holly, welcome to the show. Hey, thank you so much for having me. I appreciate it. Absolutely. How can we help? Well, I'm calling, I got started with you guys late. I I am debt free now with the exception of my mortgage. Oh, Okay.


But I Didn't start investing until about 8:55 AM 58 and a half now. I fully maxed out my Roth as much as I can. I have another, a mutual fund investment that I put, you know, my 15% in every month. But what I have is, years ago I got into an annuity and I have about 27,000 sitting there. I stopped contributing to that and started contributing more to my mutuals and the Roth and everything. My question is, I have, if I pull it out early, so basically a year early, there's a 10% penalty on that. Would it be valuable for me to just pull that out now, roll that into my mutual funds?


Or should I wait for a year and then pull it out when I hit that 59 and a half, What is the 10% penalty amount to what's the dollar amount? It's, it's, I have about 27,000 in there, so it's about $2,700. Okay. And what would you pay to keep it going for the next year until you can cash it out without penalty? It's nothing. I'm just, I'm not putting anything into it or anything at all. It's just sitting there. Okay. Then, I mean, I'm doing the math on this going All Right, I could pony up 2,700 or just leave it for a year. That's not a, a long amount of time at this stage of the game, so it might just be worth waiting. Okay. Instead Of paying variable, what, what, what type of an annuity?


Is it Holly, like a variable or a Fixed? I, I gotta be honest. I i I be, I believe so. It's been sitting there. Yeah. It's not earning anything at all. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. They, they do not have good returns. Yeah. And I'm sorry that you even fell into this trap. Annuities make sense for almost nobody. And the only one that would even be okay in the RAMSEY world if you really wanted to do it is a variable annuity. But even then, you're better off investing. These are used to prey upon people who are scared of the stock market, who want the stability, but they don't realize they're missing out. And there is actually more risk in, in missing out on the returns. And so I would just let it sit. You, you know, the, the damage is done. You're gonna be okay. Do you have a good nest egg?


Are you gonna be able to retire when you want to? You know, I I, I would probab, you know, I would love to retire at 65, but I'm also with the mindset that if I'm still doing good and enjoying what I do, I'm just gonna keep going. So, Absolutely. Yeah. That's great. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm working on, on, on building as much as I can. I don't, I, I mean, I'll have a, I I'll get a teacher pension as well so that that'll help, but I wanna work as long as I can to build it up as much as I can. Yeah. If you continue to max out retirement accounts from, you know, your, you said you're 58 and a half for the next seven years or so. Well, you're also, your investments are gonna double in that amount of time if it gets an average 10% rate of return. So you should be hopefully in good shape with pension and everything you've got going on.


But I wouldn't let my foot off the gas for sure. No, absolutely not. Awesome. But I, I thank you guys for all your help because you, you've helped get me to this spot and I can't thank you enough. Oh, that means the world. You did all the hard Work. Thank you, Holly. Yeah. You, you did it. So Yeah, for sure. Wait a year so you don't have to pay that 10%. But then I would take it out and invest in, like George said, kind of that, that seven year mark is, I always just say easy math Holly too, if you're like, okay. 'cause if you Yeah, if you pulled out and put in a mutual fund, you know, you're gonna get, you know, 55 grand or so. Yeah. You know, just sitting 10 way more Than you have in the annuity. Yeah, Tons. I mean, it's crazy. So these Annuities, Rachel, they're being peed more by Well, it's 'cause of the Advisors And Yeah. And it's 'cause of the fear elements that people are, I mean, and especially after an election year when they house a mar when the housing market even feels like, oh my gosh.


It just, everything just feels big and scary out there. And it feels safer to put your money in something like an annuity because you don't have the risk of everything. But yet your, your money's just, it's not making the return. It could And they're so expensive. The amount of fees and commissions I was built into these, I was say they make a lot. Right. The financial, I mean, it's why they push whole life and annuities instead of telling you, Hey, just go invest in your 401k. You'll be, they, they gotta make their money. And so I don't like these quote unquote wealth strategists and advisors that are really just insurance salespeople. Not a fan. Hey George. Oh, Sorry Rachel. Got Under my skin. Really coming in. Coming in hot today. Coming in Hot with high deductible healthcare plans and annuities. It's a hot show. It's a crazy show out there.


This is The Ramsey Show.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news knock box, that's NOK box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy memories, not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history and one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well-organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's N ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back. Going to the phones. We have Sarah in Riverside, California. Hi Sarah, welcome to the show. Hi. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. How can we help? So I have some guilt and pride around using child support money. So I was in an abusive relationship. Mm. And by the grace of God, I was able to leave when my son was about three weeks old. Oh my gosh. I met my now husband when my son was six months old and he's now 12. My husband and I had sat and talked and said, we don't want any money, we don't want anything, we want nothing to do with him. Mm. Well, the judge made the decision that it's not our choice and it's not our money, it's for our son.


So we we're just putting all that money in an account. We had some debt, and in 2021 I lost my job and we needed four walls. So we dipped into that account. As of January of 2025, we are officially done with baby step two. We are completely debt Free. Oh, congratulations. Thank you. It's very exciting. I'm really happy to be there. Mm. But I have about $4,000 from that child support money that we said we'd never use. And I'm wondering if I should just pay it back like a debt and just keep going.


Like if we were on baby step two or I, the connotation of the child support money in the first place just kills me and I don't know what to do about it. So, so this, this guilt, Sarah, I'm just double checking that the facts are correct. You didn't use this money immorally, it was more of a conviction that you personally had with it because of who it came from and you just, the, the thought of using it just feels gross and you had to use it at one point, but, but from a legal standpoint, you used it exactly how anyone else would use it, right. To help run the household because you're, you, you're taking care of a child and that other parent is helping with that. Correct.


Exactly. Yeah. And what was the court order? How much and for how long? It was originally it was until he was 18 and it was supposed to be $430. The only money that I've actually seen from that is the covid money. I was able to get his covid check. I didn't know that it was coming. My husband adopted our son when he was four years old. Everything finalized. So that's when the child support stopped. But there's so much arrears that, I mean, I will still randomly get like a $12 check, four check, Like I don't, so it's over essential. You're not getting future payments. You just have this kind of savings sitting here and you feel like, I don't want to, I don't wanna touch this money much because it Feels weird.


Yeah. How much is in that account? In the account right now is 2000 and I used four of it. Four of it. And what are you gonna plan? What are you gonna do with it eventually? Are you gonna give it to him when he is 18 or, or help pay a car when he is 16 or college, or what do you think? That's what we were thinking. Just a car or something like that. Like I said, my son, my husband's been around since my son was six months old. So my son doesn't know. He doesn't know any different as of right now. And eventually we're gonna tell him, I mean, we have to tell him, but we're just not there yet. He's not emotionally mature enough to be there yet. Sure. Okay.


So what I'll speak to, I, I'll speak to the money side of it, Sarah, from the sense that no, this is not a debt that you need to pay. I mean, you're, you use the money essentially how the system works and you know, you use it exactly appropriately. And I know that does, doesn't sit well with you because of who it's coming from and that, that totally makes sense to me. But I think kind of the, the quote unquote debt going forward, which is not a debt, but is to say, okay, how can we best set up my son to have a life where he, from a financial standpoint understands, understands money, doesn't have to walk through this debt-free journey. And we're setting him up in order to do that. And that looks like things like maybe college or helping with his first car.


You know, what, whatever that may look like for you guys. And for me, I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't hold onto that emotional $4,000 anymore because I, I think you, I think you need to release that. But I think going forward, the motivation now is to pass a great legacy onto your son. Right. Regardless of $4,000 or not. So I under, I totally understand how that can feel like, oh my gosh, we use this money and it feels so gross and I hate it 'cause I don't, he's a terrible person. But on, but you know, you, you guys were in a pinch at the time and that's what that money's for, is to help take care of your son. And that's what you guys did. So I I would, I would let go of that. 'cause emotionally I think it, I think it is holding onto you so deeply.


Yeah. So in the filing cabinet of your brain, we need to refile this instead of child support money from an abusive, awful relationship. This is changing my family tree money to set up my child for a better life than the one I experienced. Yeah. And, and Sarah too. You know, gi give yourself a little bit of grace. You know, if, if this was a $60,000, you know, thing or something, and you're like, oh my gosh, he was supposed to use it for a down payment on a house or, you know what I mean, like a mag, like, I feel like, like a, like a lot of this magnitude and weight from a dollar standpoint, I feel like we could go at it a different way. 'cause I could see, you know, the more money it is, the more weight it feels. Right. So Yeah. So with this 4,000 Yeah. I, I want you, I want you to release it for you, Sarah. Again, it's not about the dollars at that point, to me, it, it's, it's that emotional attachment that's still there to him.


And I, I, I want that, I want that released from you. You know, so whatever that looks like. Yeah. I, with your work, I would, I would have a goal for this money instead of letting it just sit there. It's only gonna make, you know, reopen the wound. So I would put it in a 5 29 plan for college. I would put it toward a, in a savings account for a car fund one day. 'cause that day is going to come and these things cost money and this is, it's part of the deal. Yeah. And, you know, it's a shared burden because that person was a parent and this is what the court ordered. And so I would, it's hard to just say release the guilt, Sarah, you're doing great. But that's the truth of it. Yeah. It's, it's that hard and it's that simple to just go, All Right, it happened, that was the past and I'm gonna make a better future for my kid now. And it sounds like you guys are thriving and this child is so lucky to have you two.


Yeah, we're, he's definitely blessed. My husband is literally a godsend and he took him on like his own. And like I said, nobody, nobody knows. There's a couple people like family knows, but he doesn't know. And my husband stepped up in more ways than I could ever even pray for. Mm. Well, and give yourself to so much credit, Sarah, because we, we talked to so many people on this show and women specifically that are in, in a situation and they just, they don't feel like there's a way out. And whether from its financial type abuse where, you know, a husband's withholding and not allowing, Controlling Yes. To physical, emotional, I mean, you know, you can fill in the gaps. And so The spectrum is wide And, and to break that cycle is so, so difficult.


And as Dr. John Delony says, who works with, you know, so, so many people in this area says that there's, it's rare to have someone actually break it. So when you do, it is a, it is a Something to be celebrated. It's an applause. I mean it really is Sarah. So, I mean, I I just commend you for that. I know that was 12 years ago, but that is, that's incredible. Absolutely incredible. Yeah. George, when we, you know, think about part of the baby steps and what she said I loved because yeah, it's baby step, you know, they're, they're past baby step two, they're moving on for that fully funded emergency fund and so forth. And there, there is something so freeing from the sense of yes, the dollars and cents are there, right? We're we're being wise with our actual tactical money. That's, you know, very important.


But it's so much bigger than that. It is like the place where money sits in our lives, the value of which we give it. And when you are outta debt, you have that emergency fund. It's, you don't have to be obsessed with it. You don't have to stress about it because you're setting yourself up so well and what that speaks to your kids in a household is everything. Like to me that is, that's part of family change, changing the family tree. It's not just from a, from a monetary standpoint, but from an emotional standpoint that money doesn't have to be a stress point in our lives 'cause we have control over it. Yeah. And there's a lot of belief there. People think there's some sort of like financial DNA that you're born with because of the environment and place and parents. But we're proving it with Sarah that you can break chains. You might be the first one in your family to become debt free, to create a better life for your kid, for your kid to go to college debt free, for you to have a home that you own free and clear for you to become a millionaire.


And it's something you get to choose and it's a daily choice and it's one of the hardest patterns to break because of all the shame and guilt from the past. And your belief system is so tied up and you talk about this and know yourself, know your money, the different money classrooms you grew up in, it really shapes you and you have to really try to break all of the bad stuff Yes. To get to the good stuff. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. And as parents, you know, whatever you can do, you know, we always say more is caught than taught. But from again, that side, that, that standpoint of money, we're gonna get in control of our money because yes, from a monetary standpoint, we need to know where our money's going. We wanna be debt free. We wanna start, you know, investing and letting the math work for us. Like all of that. But more importantly, realizing that money's a tool.


It is a tool to create a life that you love. Like that that's what it is. It is not good. It is not bad. It doesn't have morals. And so how, how can that lesson and where money is placed in your life and in your heart and your identity, what your kids see that speaks louder than words. This is The Ramsey Show. You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet.


I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xander is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Investing can be one of the areas of money that can be very overwhelming and confusing. And it's not something that you're gonna just know everything about that world in a 62nd Instagram reel. And so if you really wanna dive in to understand how to do this part of your money well, how to invest well and how to make sure that you don't make any mistakes when it comes to this. 'cause that can be very costly.


Make sure to check out our Investing Essentials virtual event and it's gonna teach you everything you need to know on how to get started with investing and how to maximize your investments. So it's happening March 4th and fifth ticket start at $199 and it's hosted by Dave RAMSEY and George Kamel. Don't call it a comeback. And You guys, you guys have done this event before and it sold so well and people loved it because you guys are really diving into the tactical side of investing and like, Hey, what does this really look like? And it's everything from, from stocks and mutual funds to retirement, to real estate. I mean all the Areas of this. Yeah. Even beyond the baby steps. Yeah. You know, we can only cover so much on this show and we kind of go surface level, but in this event it is, you know, two and a half an hour hours each night taking your questions. Deep diving on this and Dave unpacking his actual real estate portfolio, how he analyzes investments. And so it's something he's never talked about on the show here and people loved it last year, so we're bringing it back. Absolutely. Can't call it a comeback, but it is, it kind Of, kind of like a comeback. So get your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events or click the link in the show notes if you're listening on podcast or YouTube.


Alright, let's go to the phones. And we have Zach in Albany, New York. Hi Zach, welcome to the show. Hey guys, how are you? Thanks for having me on the show. Absolutely. How can we help? So my wife and I are having a debate. We're on baby steps four, five, and six and we're having a debate as to whether pay our house off or to buy a new vehicle. All Right. So tell me about the car. What car do you wanna replace? We wanna replace her car. It's a smaller SUV and it gets a little crammed with the baby seat in there and we may be expecting a second one.


So she would like to upgrade in vehicle so we're not crammed into her car. Okay. So it's more of a, more of a convenience upgrade if you will. Not that the car's fallen apart and we, we have to replace it. So not urgent. Correct. But more just out of like Yeah, the convenience of Stupid question. Could you get like a slimmer baby seat and solve all of this? I don't know if they make those, but I guess I could look. Oh They do. I've done my baby seat research, my friend. But anyways, let's talk more about this. What is that car gonna cost as she wants? She is looking at A GMC Yukon. We would buy used not new. How big Is your baby man?


What's that? How Big is your baby that you need a Yukon? Well we already have one and we would like that. You know, we may have maybe having a second one soon. So just, just comfort, you know? Okay. Yeah. Okay. It would be in the price range of like 50. Be nice to that Thousand, 50,000. Yeah. 50 to 60,000. We are on baby steps four, five, and six. Okay. We are baby steps millionaires. Woo. How much you guys make a year? And We make, we made two 90 this year and we're on track to make about three 15 this year. Incredible. Good. Good for you guys. Good for you guys. What's left on the mortgage?


The mortgage is 180 6. Awesome. And we would be paying cash from a brokerage account that's non-retirement that we've been saving up for land, but we put a a kibosh on that idea since we may be having a second baby now. Okay. Okay. So How much Is in there? Priorities have shifted. Yeah. How much is in the brokerage account? Right. About 80,000. Okay. Okay. So either way we're not gonna pay off the house with this lump sum, but you're saying should we take that 80 and put it toward the mortgage or toward the car? Correct. So my thought was I'm more of the saver. My wife's a little bit more of the spender. My thought was if we took the entire brokerage account, put it on the house, we could pay it off in about a year and a half and then take the mortgage payment and everything else and save up for a car.


Okay. Yes. I mean, so yeah, e either way Zach, lemme say this, routes A or B would work. Okay. So I always like to find, I don't know, road C like is there like a third option in there that feels, that feels good to both of you? Meaning you're running the numbers and the math you're seeing. Oh my gosh, if we put 80 grand towards this house, you know, you're putting it towards the principal. Like you're not gonna, like, you're seeing the math like really, you know, it's on your side majorly in that way, Zach. So that totally makes sense. So I'm, I'm just wondering if you know, you, you guys don't have a second kid and I think what you both need to say, 'cause you haven't really said it on this call and I think I just need to hear it from you, that you guys do not need this car.


That people function with two babies and Camrys all the time. And is it squished? Absolutely. But like you guys would be Okay. Can we just, can we say that out loud? I a hundred percent agree. I I'm trying to be a good husband and do right by my wife because I'm the money nerd Making that. And I know this is something she wants. I Hear you, I hear you both work Hard for our money. Totally. No, no, I hear you. And the car is not bad. Getting a, getting a Yukon is not bad Zach at all. But does, but I, I wanna make sure, 'cause this is where lifestyle creep a little bit starts to play in. And I think if you both said yes, we do not need this, like, we would be fine, we could have two babies in the car that we have now. It's a small SUV we would be fine.


But I would love a, I would love a great SUV. Like that's what I would love. Thank you. I would love it. Rachel Said what? I said just in a nicer way. No, and America loves her. That I want her, I want her and I want you guys to be on the same page of why you're buying it. 'cause I don't want her to be like, no, no, no. It's like I have to have this like, I can't, it's, it is just too, everything is just too small and I can't do it because if that starts to be the mindset, what's gonna end up happening again? It's lifestyle creep. Your life just starts, you spend more and more and more and more. And what we need versus what we want starts to really blur. So I think I would feel better if I knew Zach, that both of you were like, yes, we do not need this car. We would like this car. Well listen is listen, I have a minivan.


I would love a Yukon. Like, like I get it, right? I would want one, I don't need one, but I would I the car I would want one. So Second caveat, she's not pregnant. Well she is. We just haven't told anyone yet. Oh, We're the First. Oh my Gosh, such an honor. Okay. That changes this. I'm George and Aunt Ray, Ray, we are the first to know the news because It was kinda like, well we might have one. Like, okay, well might is different than she is pregnant. And so there is an actual timeline now of, All Right, nine months from now Yeah, we would want a bigger car. So here's my, and this is coming from Mr. Frugality who was like, I'm gonna pay off the house before I upgrade my car. Now we didn't have a kid then, so it's different. But I'm, I'm going, Hey, let's cash out the brokerage.


We're gonna pay some taxes on it. Let's buy her set a budget, $50,000. We're gonna get her a Yukon. Whatever's left we're gonna throw at the house and then we are going to be gun ho getting rid of this mortgage. Was that, would that be a fair game plan? That's a great plan. Because Either way I think that's a great plan. Yeah, that's a great, that's a great option. Yeah. With your income, the house is paid off within a year or two. Right? Yeah. You guys are gonna be fine, especially because of your income. Right? If you, if you guys were making a hundred grand, I I I would slow all of this way down. But you get Month, you're buying too much car. But you guys make $300,000. Okay. I, I want my question answered. Zach, do you think your wife, does she emo will she, would she emotionally say, yes, this is a complete want? It's not like a need. Like we absolutely have to have it.


She acknowledges that it is a complete want. Okay. That's great. And like we're, we're both, I mean, I'm more of the saver, but we're both pretty frugal. Yep. And so when she wants something, it's really not too often. And so I'm just trying to make that happen for Her. Yeah, totally. No, I hear you. Yes. You're you're a great husband Zach. So yeah, I I would move forward. I would buy it. And again, especially that since you guys for sure are having to, and from an income standpoint, what you guys have left on the mortgage and all of it, I think. Yeah. I think you guys will be in a great, a great position And you guys are baby steps millionaires. So I'm just curious, are you gonna buy new or Slightly used? No, he said, he said used. He said used It would, it would be certified preowned. Certified preowned. Okay. Use lower mileage.


Good move. Good move. Good man. Let's someone else take that first hit on depreciation. Yeah. You guys are doing it by the book. I'm proud of you guys. There's no wrong answer here, but I would defer to the pregnant woman 'cause I'm scared of them. Me too. You don't wanna mess with them, man. I'm just saying. There's, it's a, it's a, it's a sensitive Yeah. Sensitive line there, huh. And this was a very similar situation. 'cause my wife wanted the bougie mom. SUV. Yeah. And it hurt my soul 'cause I can do math, but life isn't math. She wanted the car. We saved up, we paid cash for it. Yeah. And You're okay. And she loves it and it's fine. And it was her dream. I don't need to ever make everything my dream. Yes. I Will say babies can make everything very emotional though.


So as I'm glad that Zach sticking into the facts and the numbers and the numbers look great. So p it we learned present permission to spend. Zach A Yukon can hold two seven pound babies at least bare minimum. Bare minimum. And congrats, Zach, we're so fun. So we're excited for you.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or recession business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by why refi. If you are struggling with defaulted private student loans, why refi offers a great solution to get you back on track for a low fixed rate and more flexibility? Go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That is the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Alexis in Tennessee. We recently received credit cards in the mail for my son and daughter who are both under the age of 12. When I showed them to my husband, he responded that he had taken them out in our children's names to help them establish a credit score before they became adults. We have followed your principles for years. So I was shocked that he did this without talking to me about it. How should I handle this situation? This feels like there's a, there's a tinge of financial infidelity here behind her back opened up credit cards and the Kids' names. Yes. And, and not, and not mention it. And the way that you're, when you said, you know, we've followed the principles from year for years, if I'm assuming that means you guys are on the same page, you're talking about money.


I mean, there's some couples that, you know, they don't know what the other one's doing. But if you are following a level of RAMSEY, and that means you are, you know, connected and you're talking about money. So the fact that he didn't bring it up, that feels, that feels very off to me. Very off. Yeah. And I and the fact he opened up credit cards in your kids' names. Well, I'm guessing he, it's in his name and they got cards with their names on it as authorized users. Yeah. Because if you take out a cr Yeah. A a a line of credit for a child, right. I mean you, you, It's a trend because of these TikTok videos where they go, Hey parents, here's a life hack for you. Add your kids as authorized users and they can take your credit score when they're 18 and have great credit so they can go get some more debt. Yep.


Well what we've heard too is people calling the show saying, yeah, my parents took out debt in my name to build up a good credit score and then they ended up destroyed my credit. Yeah. Destroyed the credit because they couldn't handle it. And so you're just like, oh, it's, yeah. And, and it gets to be a fine line too of identity theft. I'm like, if you're, you know what I mean? Like, it's kind of to a point of Like, there was no consent here. I mean Yeah. So it's, I I don't like it. Oh yeah, yeah. I don't like playing the game. And so Yeah. But a lot of it is a TikTok trend. Yeah. There's a, we have an article here related to this. Parents are gaming their kids credit scores and it's around the same idea of stories of people who had their parents add them as authorized users. There's some horror stories in there, there's some explanation. But it says many are taking advantage of these tools.


A 2019 poll commissioned by credit cards.com. That's perfect. 8% of roughly 1500 American parents surveyed said that at least one of their minor children had a credit card, presumably through authorized usership because kids under 18 can't get their own card. And TransUnion data showed that nearly 700,000, 22 to 24 year olds had authorized user accounts. Oh, dang. Yeah. So, and here's the thing, the, I don't think these are terrible people. They're just well-meaning parents who have fallen for the system Yes. Who go, well this is the path they gotta have the credit score. 'cause otherwise how are they gonna rent an apartment? And how are they gonna travel? And they can't book airlines without, and I'm going, have you ever tried a different route?


You don't need to do all this gyration to live your financial life. Yes. There is so much more freedom you guys, when you're not chasing the credit score. You can live life without a credit score. You can do everything you just said without a credit score. It is possible. You couldn't even get a house through manual underwriting without a credit score. And so, yeah, I think like you said, it's good intentions. Them going in and saying, I'm gonna try to set my kids up, but you're falling right into the system that gets so many people, millions of people stuck and in that wheel of debt. And it's like, it's not worth it. It's not worth playing the game and then let alone having any level of risk for another human being of their financial wellbeing. That if you screw this up, it doesn't just hurt you, it's hurting your kids. Then at that point, I mean, so it's just, it, it's a mess.


It's Bon It is absolutely bonkers. And I cover this in my book, breaking Free from Broke. I hit have a whole chapter on credit scores, a whole chapter on credit cards. And I unpack how to live life outside of the system. And it's not as complicated or as difficult as people would have you believe? Yes. In fact, it's way more peaceful. It's way more simple. I don't have 16 cards to manage to try to get the rotating cash back rewards. I have a debit card and I use it and it has my money on it. And when that money's gone, it is gone. You know what's funny, George? I feel like when things are less complicated, they feel less sophisticated. Right? Ooh. Yeah. Everyone's like, oh, but that's the point point. I can't keep the smartest way. Yeah. Yeah. There's gotta be so many other hoops to jump through. And you can live your life that way financially you can, but you're gonna be exhausted.


You're gonna be exhausted again with a system that is set up to screw you. Like that's what it is. It's not there to free you and for you to be financially free. They want you in the system 'cause they make so much money off of you. But when you exit outta the system and you're like, you know what, I'm gonna live with a debit, with a debit card, with cash. We're gonna save up and pay for things and we're not gonna sit here and try to play the industry's games over and over and over and over and over and over. What is sophisticated is peace. It is. I'm like, there's just that level there that is, it is so much worth it than the mental dance and gymnastics that you have to play. So here's a play the game. Here's a wild concept. What if as a parent you taught your kids how to manage money instead of managing debt? That's all a credit score is, is how well you've managed debt. Yeah. It doesn't reflect how much money you have in the bank doesn't reflect your income.


It just reflects your relationship with the lender. And so that's, that's how I'm aiming with my kid. I'm going, they're not gonna, they're gonna look at people with credit scores and credit cards going, why are they doing all that work, dad? And I'm like, I don't know. America's, it's crazy. Lost their minds. It's crazy out there. Oh man. Yeah. Parents don't take credit cards out and don't be an authorized user and Don't say, say you follow our principles for years while you still clearly have credit cards. You don't get to pick and choose. Yeah. This isn't a buffet. This Isn't a buffet. Get outta here. Get outta here. All Right. Let's go to Shane in St. Paul. Hi Shane. Welcome to the show. Thanks Rachel for taking my call. How are you today? We are doing great. Glad you called in.


How can we help? Thank you. Well, I'm a relatively new listener. We're on baby step number two. And my question is, we have probably about $17,500 in credit card debt. Okay. And a couple other small loans. And we have some money set aside. And I was wondering, is there any way that you can deviate from that snowball plan? Tell me. Yeah. Yeah. Why would you want to, what's the, what's what are the numbers you're seeing Chang? It usually comes down to numbers. Okay.


Basically the biggest one we have is we have a, a credit card with a high interest rate that has a balance of about 10,000. Okay. How much, what's the interest rate on that credit? It's like 18.5% I think. Okay. And then we have another credit card with a balance of 7,500 and that interest rate is, is 9.9%. And then we have a kind of like a small, small home improvement loan with a balance of like $350 that you have to pay off. And then I have a work loan that I got through my work with, with 0% interest and I have a balance of like $800 on that.


Okay. And how much do you guys have saved? Well, we just got our taxes back and, and So we have about 14,500. Amazing. Amazing. Oh my gosh. So the math doesn't matter that much 'cause you've just knocked out all the debts, but the last credit card Yeah. In this scenario. Right. So my, I guess my question is, you know, would, would it make sense to pay off at the highest one, the $10,000 first and then pay the two small loans and then whatever is left pay on that last credit card? No, I mean, listen, if you're doing the math, I understand what you're saying 'cause of the interest rate and what we always talk about on this show, Shane, and what you're gonna start to realize is that personal finance and winning with money is so much more about your behavior than it is about math.


And so if we were all, you know, chasing math, we wouldn't be in debt in the first place. Right? So it's not a math problem. It really is us winning. And so the fact that you do have a, a bulk of money, which is absolutely amazing what that does to me, that just that jump starts. I mean, tonight you could have that $800 paid off that 350. I mean, those are just like ankle biters, right? You're just like, you just need to get in there and just get 'em done with, and then to pay off a $7,500 credit card in full and it be completely done, like, And knock the next debt down to probably around six grand, All Four grand. That's, you have an Extra, extra, Have almost six grand to throw at the 10 K debt. So you'd be down to about $4,000 left.


So the 18% interest, the way you're gonna attack this thing, it's not gonna amount to much because It's, you're not gonna be in debt Shane that much longer. I mean, when you're looking from a math standpoint, you guys could take on extra jobs and get that paid off in, in two months. Yeah. You know, You throw a thousand bucks a month at this thing, it's gone in four months. Yeah. So it's, it's gonna be so quick that the math at that point doesn't matter. But I'm excited for you. You said you're a new caller, so I'm so glad that you're Woo joining in and and Using that refund for good instead of a vacation 'cause. Amen. You Deserved it. Amen. Well done Shane. Well done. Well thanks to all the men and women in the booth making this show happen. George, thank you. Thanks to our great audience here in Nashville, Tennessee, and thank you America. This is The Ramsey


Show. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. You've probably heard people talk about different kinds of flags and friendships and romantic relationships, red flags, green flags, beige flags. Listen, it can be helpful to look for patterns or unsafe behaviors in potential relationships, but all those labels can distract from what's really important, your values. And whether you and your potential partner are willing to wake up every day and choose to honor each other's values. And look, I know it can be tough sometimes to even know what's important to you in a relationship. Therapy can help you figure out what your values actually are and decide your boundaries and your non-negotiables. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy that works with your schedule to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. If it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or working on yourself, do it with help from BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash RAMSEY radio to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/ RAMSEY radio


Live from Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author and my co-host of Smart Money Happy Hour George Ham. And so give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five and we're answering your questions on life, money, relationships, the Pursuit of happiness, Anything and everything. So give us a call to kick us off this hour. We have Jeff in Oklahoma City. Hi Jeff, welcome to the show. Hello. How are you today? We are doing great. How can we help? Well, my question is, we are looking to take what I would consider an extravagant vacation this summer.


Ooh. My favorite thing in the world, Jeff. That is All the right person. She's gonna say yes. Well then let's just, let's just get the yes and move on. Basically kinda looking for confirmation that it's something that would be okay to do. So here, here's, I'll tell you a little bit of the history and then we'll get into the numbers. My wife and I were early to mid forties. We've got three kids at home, one of them graduates next year and will have to report to school sometime summer of next year for sports. So this is kind of the last year to be able to take a family vacation and have that oldest one go with us all in.


We're looking at like $9,200. It is seven days, two days is travel. Okay. Ocean front, all inclusive resort and going to the Caribbean. And about 4,000 of that 92 is flights Flight. Oh yeah. So expensive. So Getting outta the Midwest is horrible. Yeah, it's terrible. And that includes, you know, vehicle rental when we get there. Excursions, you know, going out to eat a little bit even though it is all inclusive, you know, trying some of the local food. You've done your due diligence, Jeff, you've, you have a, You've travel plan like no one else You have, you have detailed it out.


Okay. So where are you guys financially? Do you guys have debt? Do you have savings? So This, I'll run through all the numbers here. Household income gross is 3 35 to three 70 depending on bonuses, which, you know, happens every year. So probably close closer to that three 70 number. The only debt that we have is our house. We owe 2 73 on it, purchased it in 2021, 3% fixed, bought it for three 70, valuation of six 20. How much in savings? IRA we've got 3 96.


They're just your normal cash savings, like emergency fund plus whatever else. Oh. So the emergency fund, we've got $53,600, which a six month emergency is 24 5. All Right, Jeff and another Savings account. Jeff, Jeff, Jeff. This was the voice. I buzz. I'd spin my chair and select, I want you to upgrade your room and spend a little bit more. Go On. I'm actually, I'm a little miffed. You're only spending nine grand now. I know. Go, go upgrade you and your wife to first class. Spend a little more. Jeff, I'm, I'm not kidding. Like you are a hundred percent. Okay. And if anything, yeah, you got some wiggle room, Jeff? I mean, yeah.


Okay. That was fun. And your IRA $396,000 is what you said. What do you, what do you guys have in your 401k? So in the knee trade account we've got 27 5, 401k is horrible, but we're now putting 15% in, so it'll be caught up very quickly. 2 46 between the both of us. And then outside of the emergency fund of 53 6, just in another savings account, we've got 53,000 and then, you know, around 15,000 in the bank account. I've, I've lost track of how much money you guys have. You have that much. You're doing great. Is your wife the same way as you do y Do y'all? Yeah. Yeah. Does she have fun? Do Y'all have fun?


Do Y'all Feel like you we've got three kids, so Yeah. You know, so we're, we're always chasing them around and Stuff. Sure, sure. I'm, I'm messing with you. You, Jeff, I'm messing with you. Yes. We don't, we don't, we don't live extravagant or anything. Vehicles are paid off. They are, you know, a few years older, but, you know, there's no sense in buying a new vehicle when you can get one a few years older that's low miles for half the cost. So Jeff, you're a, you're a jewel of a human being. You're My spirit animal. Jeff, I appreciate you. You are j George wants to be you when he grows up. Is basically can't wait. That is, that's A good seven years from from now. This is what I have to look forward to. My wife convincing me she got, I'd much rather have more than 2 46 in the 401k.


Jeff, I think y'all are gonna Yeah, I think you'll be totally fine. And I'm really excited for you Jeff. I, I've talked about this a lot on the show because I think it was like one of these moments that I heard this and I thought that is so good. Arthur Brooks talks about there's five things you can do with money. Four will actually buy you happiness. Like your brain scientifically has a level of happiness in it. One thing you can do with money that does, has no happiness. The first one is to give, be generous. You actually can buy some happiness doing that. A saving actually creates a level of happiness because there's progress being made. And in our psychology, it's good for us to see progress. There's one about buying your time back.


So having someone mow the lawn. Right. And you use that time to go We, We do that. Yeah. Hang Yeah, hang with a friend. And then the fourth one, Jeff, you ready? Yeah. The fourth thing, the fourth way to literally buy happiness is to buy experiences with the people you love. So that can be a great dinner out. That can be a vacation. So I'm saying all, oh, and then The fifth thing that does not buy happiness is buying stuff. You get a temporary hit and then no long-term happiness through that. So you are doing this very wisely, and this is something that you, we always say you wanna give, you wanna save, you wanna spend, and this is your spend. And I want you to spend it in this way because I think it's gonna be such a fun week for you and your family.


And yes, you have our full permission and you have my permission to upgrade you and your wife to first class. So just, just take that, take that little bit. So tell you What Rachel said, we could. Yes. Go. And then when you get back from the trip, everyone gets a thousand dollars shopping spree. Oh no. Stop. There we go. Do that. Stop. No, because then you're buying stuff, George. He's not gonna get happiness doing That. Yeah, I'm just saying. I feel like the kids would really like you for that. Yeah, no, it's, it's great. Now, The, the kids, I, I will say the kids do not want for anything, but they also have got reasonable expectations as well, because we've tried to, you know, raise them to not want what everybody else has.


Mm. So good. You've Raised some great kids, you know, I'm just surprised they want to go on vacation with you guys at this stage of their life. That's the best part. They raise kids who like you. Yeah. Well, you know, the, the oldest one, the 17-year-old, I, you know, it depends on the day, but the other two, you know, they're under 12. So mom and dad are still pretty awesome. That's Sweet, Jeff. And it's, this is gonna be, this is gonna be so fun. And, you know, I'm kind, I'm, I'm kind of messing with you, but honestly, one of the most powerful financial principles is contentment. And Jeff, you just sound like such a content guy. Like, your priorities are so in line. And when you live like no one else, we always say, you get to live and give like no one else. And Jeff, they're gonna be living like no one else in the Caribbean.


That's right. With paid for vacation, making great money. And I mean, and just doing it. It's, it's Awesome. And Jeff will be tracking it in his Excel spreadsheet. Jeff will be Everything. He's the dad who had the, he had the map Quest printed out, ready to go for the trip. Like, this is the dad I aspire to be. A Hundred percent. I love it. Jeff's, Jeff's gonna know, And they make such a great income. I'm not worried for a second about their retirement. No, No, you be, and it's $9,000, right? It's not 29,000 or something. You know, we're not, we're not talking about that. So it's, it Said they're already baby steps millionaires or very close to it. It's great in their early forties. Jeff, I really am. I'm so excited for you and your family. Enjoy that Caribbean vacation. It's gonna be so fun. Send Us a picture when you come back.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up, never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Hey Guys, Dr. John Delony here. Finding time to intentionally connect with your spouse can be hard. That's why I'm excited to announce that Money and Marriage Getaway is back. Hang out with me and Rachel Cruz, November 6th through eighth in Nashville, Tennessee, you'll learn practical tools to better communicate, deepen your intimacy and more. Plus we'll dig into your questions with live q and as. Early bird tickets start at $749. But hurry, prices are going up soon and this will sell out. Get yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Well, if you are a business owner or you know, someone who is, you know, that running a business is hard. It's a lot of work, a lot of, a lot of energy goes into that. And as you look back at the challenges that you know you face when it comes to building a business the right way, Dave RAMSEY really kind of took a moment and said, yeah, I, I've been through this journey and I wanna put some of these principles and what I've learned about building a business into a book. And so he has a new book out. It's called Build a Business You Love. You can pre-order it now for 29 99 and get over $315 a free bonus items. Heck, you my gosh. Which is early e early access to the ebook and enhanced audiobook and instant access to the Entree Leadership Hiring Playbook. So you can order today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're watching on YouTube or listening on podcasts, we'll put the link down in the description.


All Right, let's go to Claire in San Diego. Hi Claire, welcome to the show. Hi guys. Thank you for having me on. Absolutely. How can we help? So my question, surrounding dating and finances, I'm kind of looking for advice you have on dating debt and things to think about for the future. I have a boyfriend who's a little older than me. He has a, a really stable job. He lives down here in San Diego. And we've been talking about moving forward in our relationship. Everything's really good. All our values align, our faith aligns. There's really good companionship, but it's come out that he has about 70 K in debt.


And just the background that I come from, I'm not sure how comfortable I am committing to taking on that debt with some of the habits I've seen. He wants to be in a better place with his finances, but he does like to shop and go out and do a lot of things. And he's put about four years to be able to pay off that debt. But I feel like it could maybe be a little sooner. I'm not sure if I have the full picture. So I'm wondering what kind of questions would be good to bring into a conversation, what things to look for, what actions need to be taken or Yeah, any advice you guys have. All Right. It's a, yeah, it's a great, it's a great question. Do you, this 70,000, was it, do you feel like he hid that in any way and it's just come out recently?


Or was it a sense that you guys just kind of started talking about the subject and he just happened to say, oh yeah, and I'm, yeah, yeah. I have debt. 70,000 worth. Like was it more just So we, yeah. Was it more secretive or, or was it No, we just ended up talking about the subject and then he told me No, it was more talking about the subject. He had told me earlier in our dating relationship and just the timing of it, I, I didn't pry for numbers or anything. So now that we've been talking a little more seriously Gotcha. I'm trying for numbers and it's around 50 K of student loans and then about 20 to 30 in car payments. Okay. That He has that. Okay. So, yeah, I mean I always, you know, I always think when it comes to relationships and debt, it's not always the debt that scares me.


I mean, if you guys ended up going long term, yeah, you would be helping pay the 70 grand off for sure if you guys got married. But again, the debt, it's, I mean, couples have tackled more than that, you know, coming into a relationship. So I would not, not marry someone because of that personally. Okay. But it's more the value system, kinda what you were speaking about earlier. That can raise some red flags. So I'm trying to get Claire from you because knowing that opposites attract and that is so normal. Okay. So Winston would probably describe me the way you described town, that she likes to shop and she likes to Yeah. Spend money and Winston would save till the day is long and that's all, you know.


And, and so, so there's going to be savers, there's gonna be spenders, there's gonna be that the person in the relationship that loves knowing every single number of everything. And they have Excel sheets and they have the EveryDollar app and they, I mean, they're doing everything possible where the other one's like, oh yeah, we're on track, we're good. I don't need to know every single little detail. You know, that's the free spirit. So there, there is gonna be a give and take in a personality tendency with money. So I'm trying to get a, a check from you. Is it just a different tendency and he just spends, 'cause he probably is more of a spender? Or do you feel like No, it's, it's bigger than that. Like there's a problem, there's an issue here. And that's what I'm trying to, to gauge from you. What do you, what do you think?


I think that's what I'm trying to figure out. I come from a family that's all favors. So I feel like I haven't really experienced the opposite of that. I feel like, I feel like it's a little bit sometimes like, oh, that little instant gratification of I just got this little knickknack. But then sometimes it's experiences he takes. I mean dating, he is taken me out to do some really fun things as well. So he has value on both of those things and I'm just trying to figure out from him in a way that's helps. Yeah, totally. So healthy For a dating relationship, what that habit is. Yeah, for sure. So I think some questions I would ask is, is that value standpoint that you don't wanna be having someone that's going into debt to do these things, right?


That you want the baselines covered and that's, you know, a level of wisdom and, and you know, being outta debt, having an emergency fund, having savings, like all of that. That is wisdom. And we want all of those first and foremost. And then if there's some extra that yeah, we can spend on top of that, but making sure with him, like, Hey, is living with debt in that lifestyle? You know, what, what does that look like for you? What's that value system? And if he really is like, oh yeah, I don't wanna, you know, I wanna be able to get out and I don't wanna live with credit cards and debt and all of that, then that's a, then that's a, that's a checkpoint, right? It's like, okay, that's good. And then you can even ask him. 'cause all spenders, I think understanding our motivation or I would say savers too, understanding the motivation of why you do things gets to the heart of it.


And so the motivation in that and for spenders, you know, sometimes the motivation is fine and it's like, yeah, it's just kind of a thing I wanted, I saved up. I have the cash for it. I'm not under some illusion that this purchase is somehow going to make me happy for the rest of my life. You know, I'm not, I'm not bought into this illusion of marketing and all of that. Like I just wanted the thing and it's great. But then sometimes Claire, you know, as a spender and I can speak for myself, I ask my question a lot of, okay Rachel, why are you buying this? And if I can be as honest as possible, it's like I'm kind of bored and I want some excitement and that's why I'm doing it. Or I always ask myself, if nobody sees this purchase, do I still want it? How much of my motivation of having and buying something is for other people and not even myself.


Right? So getting to more the heart of the why behind it, I think may help you see either, oh yeah, that gives me some peace. If he can have some, a level of awareness of why, because the way we spend our money always is gonna tell a story about ourselves, right? So under understanding that, or maybe Claire, you find out some things and you're like, ugh, that feels like a slippery slope, right? Yeah. So yeah, I think through some of those conversations will be interesting. But I will say for you it's gonna be a little bit difficult. So give him some grace. 'cause you are coming from, like you said, you are a saver, you were raised by srs. Yeah. And you're like, I don't even know what this Yes. Alien, which is a spender looks like, like how do they function and are they okay being, I mean, yeah, so give him some grace there, but I think have some discernment around it I think is important.


Would He be willing to go through financial peace university with you and go, Hey, I understand like I grew up in a different context. I have, you know, I, I grew up learning about how to manage money. It may be something he just didn't have and if he's willing to learn and willing to get on a plan, that's a green flag. But if he goes, nah, I'm good, I'm gonna do my thing, that would be a red flag to pause moving forward in this relationship. Okay. Yeah, I bought it up once and it was not brushed off. It was like, oh yeah, that would be cool. So maybe it's something I bring back up. Yeah. Okay. How much, do you know how much he makes? He makes about one 40 a year. Okay. So he makes great money, which tells me in San Diego though, In San Diego, it doesn't go as far mean.


It's, yeah, I mean it's, yeah, I was just wondering like, is this on fire? Does he need to get rid of the car yesterday? You know what d has he sort of had any sense of urgency when you talk to him? He has two cars. No, He has two cars. He has a, his family history doesn't seem crazy great with money from what I've seen. Yeah. It's kind of like a little bit of living in excess and you don't really have the means to Do so. Yes. Yep. That's A good observation. But He's just kind of doing what he Sees and what he knows. Yeah. To him on that, the second car, he said in the past that it's something he could easily sell if he wanted to and not have to make the car payments.


So he has two car payments and one of like, it's just kind of toys for him. Exactly. And one's paid off, one's not. Yeah. So, yeah, I Mean, second one's just a toy. I mean, again, I'm not trying to defend him by any means. 'cause again, it could just be a mess Claire. And you may be like, oh my gosh. But you know, like you said, he may be just doing what he has seen and doesn't know a difference. So then another, you know, bucket. I would, I would put not to vilify his family by any means, but to be like, Hey, what are things that your family does with money that you like? And what are things that that you don't like? You know? And ask some open-ended questions and then seek his humility. Is he willing to learn and do something different if he's stubborn in something in a way, you know, again, that's more of, more of the yellow red flag.


So yeah, there's some digging there. But just 'cause he is a spender. Claire, I hope he's willing to change. 'cause Claire's worth it. She is. You are worth it. Claire. This is The Ramsey Show.


You shouldn't own a gun. You're not willing to shoot in moments of self defense, a burn launcher lets you protect yourself in a non-lethal way. That's exactly why Burna launchers were created. Everyone from parents and nurses to pastors and even special forces veterans rely on Burna to protect themselves and their families. I own several burners myself. They look like guns, but they're not. They shoot a 68 caliber round kinetic or chemical irritant projectile that can disable a threat from up to 60 feet away. And they're powered by compressed CO2 cartridges. So they're classified with paintball and airsoft guns, but they're more powerful than those for increased protection. Not to mention burner launchers are legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped directly to your door. Plus RAMSEY fans can get 10% off an exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo, and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to burna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave.


Running a business is freaking hard. It's easy to get caught up in the daily challenges and fears that keep you stuck. That's why I want you to reserve your copy of our new book, build a Business You Love, where we share the proven system that helped us break through those challenges and build Ramsey Solutions from a card table in my living room to a $250 million company in the process. When you pre-order today, you're gonna get more than $350 in bonuses for free, including an enhanced audiobook experience early access to the Build a business you love, ebook and instant access to our hiring playbook so you can start transforming your business right now. Build a business you love. The Essential guide for every business owner like you that wants to grow yourself, lead your team, and scale your business. To reserve your copy, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Going to the phones, we have Paul in Washington, DC Hey Paul, welcome to the show. Hey, thanks guys. This is such an honor and you guys have been such a blessing to my wife and I as we got through Financial Peace University, so thank you so much. Amazing. Yes, absolutely. Well thanks for, thanks for doing it. Thanks for being a listener. How can we help? Yeah, so here's our situation. So my brother and sister-in-law surprised us by opening a five twenty nine for our newborn son. Oh. And at first we were, yeah, at first we were appreciative. But when we asked how it works, since we didn't really know much about the logistics of 5 29, they, they revealed to us that we can't contribute since the 5 29 is under their name.


And that we would have to, we would have to ask for permission, their permission for how the money is going to be later deployed. Now for us, it doesn't really feel right going to my older brother to ask for money for my son's college, let alone getting their decisions for our son's education or their Opinion For our's education. A hundred percent. This is, this is crazy, Paul. Why, why would they do, why would they do that? Like, I don't understand why they wouldn't just open it up in the child's name and then give you hand you guys over the account. Why do they want control over that? That That's kind of the part of the question that we're talking about today is number one, just understanding 5 29. Okay. But also just more or less handling family logistics of this.


Now, just to add context, I do work in a family business specifically for my brother. Right. Okay. So we're, even now, we are planning on changing jobs eventually. Now of course we're thinking that we're creating a situation where the 5 29 almost creates a financial dependency on them that might create future tensions down the road. So ultimately we, we wanna know your guys' thoughts about family members opening 5 29 for their relatives in this case, their nephew and what you think we should do. So yeah, because we're trying to, all these are great people, right? This is our family, we love them, but we wanna make sure that we're doing the, doing the right thing too with setting up for our sons that he has the liberty and us as parents the responsibility to help him for college.


A hundred percent. So yeah, That's our context. Yeah. I mean, no, your line of thinking is, is spot on. Again, I go back to I, I I, it's so interesting to me that they want that level of control because you can open up a 5 29 in a child's name and you give all the rights to the parents and then the parents just handle the account over there, right? I mean, like that, that, that does happen. Well family members do that. I don't understand why they still want control over it. Yeah. 'cause we did have a conversation with them first thanking them and we did ask them if they were able to switch it over from their name into our name so that we would just take control from there on out.


Kinda like give the keys to the card to us, which they declined that and they insisted that this was their gift and they wanna manage it. But Are you telling me is your child the beneficiary on that account or Our child is the beneficiary? That's Correct. Okay. Okay. Got it. Because you said they opened it in their name and I went, wait, what are they putting themselves of the beneficiary? But no, your child is the beneficiary but they are the owner of the account and that's the part that gives you pause. Yeah, absolutely. So here's what I would do. That's correct. I wouldn't count on it. Accept it, I just wanna accept it. Yeah, You they anyone can open an account for anyone. And so that's the thing is like you just go, Hey, I'm gonna ignore it. If there's money there and they choose to give it to your son, wonderful. But I would plan for your own child's college and act like this is gravy on top if it ever comes to fruition.


Sure. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Now ultimately, yeah, sorry you go ahead first. No, well yeah, I mean it's, it's so, you know the, it's Paul, gosh, the strings attached element, that's what I'm trying to get at it. The element when it comes to families and giving gifts, right? We talk to a lot of people on the show and there's a fine line between enabling, some people call and they're like, oh my gosh, my sister still needs money 'cause she can't hold a job. Am I enabling her or am I helping her? You know, like that's the conversation. But when it's over here with just say gift and they say, yeah, we just, we wanna be able to help our nephew. The healthiest way to do that is no strings attached that I am giving this to you. I I don't need control over that anymore because it's a gift.


It is now yours. And because it's in your child's name, you as the parent should be responsible for that. Right? So your yeah. Your kneejerk in this and you're exactly right. That gets very messy. Especially if they are wanting a say over how he's gonna use it when he's 18. You know what happens if he goes to a college they don't like or gets a degree they disagree with. Now it's awkward. So Yeah. And they're for Those reasons, Yeah, I wouldn't worry about it. You can have multiple five 20 nines in a child's name. So I would open one up that you guys control and I would fund that. And if people want to gift money, have it funded in there and if they wanna put money in this account and they want to give it to your kid one day, that's great. But again, I wouldn't count on it, but I also wouldn't be like, I would let go of the resentment over this and you know, unless you think there's malicious intent, you know, it might just be them going, Hey, we, we want control over this if we dump the money in.


I understand. Now, one other aspect to this is, should we have a con mature conversation with them and decline the 5 29 offering now, just because I don't want this thing to turn into a mess later where it grows up to maybe a good size, which then they become resentful that they put in all this work and effort for their nephew. Right. Only to have the parents later. Well Here's the thing, you can change the beneficiary anytime. So if your kid doesn't use it or they have whatever kids they have, grandkids, other nephews they want change it to, that's their right as the owners of the account. And so it's nothing for you to decline. If they offer it and you don't want it, then that's On you. So you wouldn't okay, you wouldn't have a conversation, George.


See this is, I would, if it was my older brother, I'd be like, Hey man, this just feels Weird. Yeah. I, I would sit down and have the conversation, Paul, I would and just say, Hey, yeah, this, this, it, it just, it's, it's, it's i and put it on you. Right? It's not, it's not, oh well you're doing this. I don't feel comfortable as Paul, the dad just, I don't feel, yeah, I don't feel a hundred percent comfortable. 'cause I don't know what the next 18 years is gonna look like for my child. And I just wanna be able to know that number one college is funded and that as parents, like, we're gonna be able to do that and we're gonna do that on the side. And depending on what he wants to do with that money, I want us as a family unit to be able to make those decisions together and not involve you guys in all of them.


And so that's really what, what we're setting up for our family. Thank you so much for the offer. If you guys wanna continue to put money in there or it just sits over there, that's totally fine. And you know, maybe at 18, like he may use it. He also may not, I don't want to tie my son to this either. So if you guys emotionally are great with it, have an empty hand and do it. Say exactly what George said that you know, and if he doesn't end up using it in this account, you can actually move actually $35,000 over to a Roth IRA, there's an option there. Or move it to another child in the family. That's an option. But I want all of this just to be said out loud as we start this. And that's, that's what we're feeling and thinking. But thank you so much. I mean that's so that's so kind of you guys to even offer. But, but yeah, but I'm not a hundred percent comfortable with every element of that deal.


Yeah, you guys are the best. This was extremely helpful and gave a lot of clarity to a hopefully not complicated family situation. Yeah. So thank you so much guys. You guys Are wonderful. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah, that's that's an interesting one. Yeah. I just, I wanna know what's underneath all of this. Is there any kind of like sibling, you know, he's in a family business with his brother and so there might be more to this that we can't probably done packing the therapy session versus The Ramsey Show, but there might be more to this. Yeah, there could be a hundred percent. Yeah. I mean we get, but Best case it wasn't malicious and they just go, well we're funding it. So I feel like we should have a say and that's okay to say no, we're not, we're, we're not comfortable with that Wouldn. That feels so weird though, George, if you, if I couldn't imagine saying that to a niece or nephew, like, I'm funding this.


Like My brother loves our daughter William And Lydia, but I wanna say over what Lydia's gonna do. I don't know. Like that feels so that, I don't know, that feels so odd to me. Yeah. If my brother opened an account for my daughter and said, well you don't get a say and I, I get to control where this money gets used and how I'd be like, no. Then we're, we're good. I mean, yeah, and especially a 5 29. 'cause it's, it's for education. It's not like it's this big trust fund and it's like, hey, I wanna make sure the 18-year-old is like semi-mature before they get this money. But from a character standpoint, it can only be used for education. So I'm like, I don't know. There's not much you can like screw up there. Yeah. Unless Paul's, you know, I'm kidding Paul. I was gonna say, unless the brother's like, oh, uncle Paul, you know, he's not good with money, but I think you are Paul.


So I i I wanna trust you in that. I wanna, we need the brother online to go Well if she's gonna, he's gonna go to a liberal arts college that I'm not gonna give you the, We should start a new show, the Family conflict show. Hey Paul, we Got your brother on line. That would be amazing. The surprise. Come on out. You, You are the uncle That's a little too Maori for me. Maori Maury, How that has a little bit of that feel to it. Oh man. Well good times Paul. I hope that helps and I hope, like George said that it's Open up your own five. Here's what I say Rachel, go fund yourself. You like that? That's as edgy as I get on a family friendly show. You're Crazy George. Go fund your own kids 5 29 and not worry about what everyone else is doing These days.


The internet is chock full of so-called investing advice from random goobs with zero qualifications. Listen folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about. That's why I recommend the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


All Right, let's go to Savannah, Georgia and we've got Blake on the line. Hi Blake, welcome to the show. Yeah, Hey, thank you guys so much man. I'm so excited to talk with you guys. Thank you. Oh, I so glad you called. How can we help? Yeah, so I'm calling you guys today because I, I really need a little bit of guidance with, you know, this part of our lives. I've been married for seven years. We got a daughter, she's about five years old and we were living as missionaries in south in South America and unfortunately we had to come off the field around July last year. And so we've been readjusting to life here in the States, which when we were gone and came back to the states, we were kind of blown away at some of the prices 'cause they weren't the same as they were years ago, right?


Oh, oh yeah. Yeah. So whenever we, whenever we decided that it was finally time to, you know, we got readjusted, we both got jobs. My wife makes about 31,000 a year. I'm making about a little embarrassed about it, but I'm making about 1600 to $1,800 a month. And so the only the, the debt that we have, including our vehicle right now is under $15,000. And we did the EveryDollar budget as well. But the only hope I have of, I mean right now the only, the only hope that I currently see if I stay at my current job, which is as a custodian, you know, in December I'll have an opportunity to adjust all of our benefits and when I cancel everything out, I'll be receiving about $580 extra a month.


So we'll get around to the 22 to $2,400 a month for me. My wife will stay about 2100 a month. And so the only other options I have right now is to sub as a substitute. And the only thing I've been doing extra so far is to, I've been trying my hand at door dashing and sometimes, you know, that's not been the very best ideas, but I'm not really sure what to do because the only degrees I have are, you know, from my bible college. And So we got A master's in ministry, you know. How old are you guys? Blake Pastoral. I'm 34. Okay. And my wife is 29. Okay.


So great. Well let me first just say don't, I would not be embarrassed by that amount. I think that you're, you're doing hard work and you guys are just shifting what life has looked like. I mean, up until this point Yeah. You guys were living one life. You are coming back and doing something else. Right? And so that, that is, that does not speak to who you are as a person And so much in our world, our salaries and our income and our net worth becomes our self-worth. Right. That is such an American mindset. And so I understand it can, it feels defeating 'cause you're like, I'm working really hard and I feel like I'm not making enough to support my family. So all of that, that tension, I'm so glad to hear.


'cause also Blake, we get calls on the show and they're like, my husband won't go to work and we're we, we don't have enough to make ends meet. You know, and you're like, Because they won't swallow their pride. Yeah. They won't swallow their pride and just do what you're doing. So like there's so much upside for you. But like, even from just the attitude of how you're approaching all of this. So just hear, hear us say that first and foremost and, and who you are in your character honestly is what takes you far in life. It's usually not a college degree in what you've got your degree in, quote unquote. 'cause half the people don't even use their degree. And so Yeah. So I think there's, there's a lot of upside. So I I'm curious Blake, for you, you know, you're 34, like what, what would you wanna be doing at 40? Like what is a, what is a job, what is a career path? What is a line of work that gets you excited?


Right. So the, the thing I've always been excited about was when I was 15, man, that's for us, like God's been a big part of our lives and he saved me when I was 15 and the most exciting thing in the world was seeing missionaries come by our church. And I'm like, man, I answered that call to go well when we had to come off through a lot of tears and stuff, like we couldn't go back. And so I don't think right now that's an option, but I would love to be in ministry Okay. Regardless of what we're making. But the only thing that I've ever done that I've enjoyed was, you know, putting what I've learned into other people. I guess that would be called mentoring, but I'm not, I'm not really sure workwise what the answer to that would be.


I'm sorry. Okay. No, no. You don't have to to be sorry Are your resource to help with that. Before we leave the call, our phone screener is gonna pick up and give you Ken Coleman's book, find the work you're wired to do. It comes with a get clear career assessment. I want you and your wife to take that. Okay. 'cause I, I just think you guys can do better. You need to do better for your family and that's gonna mean finding a career you can sink your teeth into instead of just odd jobs. And let me also tell you this, any job can be a ministry and I know that you can work within the church system and that can be a real blessing. But man there is so much ministry to be done outside of the church too. And I want you to know that there is immense purpose regardless of where the Lord takes you. And I hope that it just encourages you to look beyond the scope of just, well if I'm not a missionary, who am I?


What am I gonna do? Right? Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for that. I'd love to take the assessment. Yeah. Have you guys, you said you did your EveryDollar budget. I'm curious how much does it take to run your household each month? So I know we're about, the last time I looked at it about three weeks ago is the first time that I did it. And that's how I got connected with you guys we're about $734 in the red. Okay. And I, so if we're bringing home about four, about 3,800 a month, then we're, we're in a hole about, I guess about $4,500 from where we're renting right Now. How much is your rent? So the rent's 1375 and this was the cheapest thing we could find in our area.


Yeah. I mean it's not expensive. Yeah. So I'm curious like is there anything in the area that for the meantime that instead of trying to pair, because you could, you could pair two or three side hustles together, it's just gonna be exhausting and that's not sustainable long term. So I'm just wondering from your primary income, is there anything out there that's paying, you know, 'cause right now you're making what, 27? Yeah. You're making 20 KA year right now, which is about 10 bucks an hour After taxes. Yes Sir. So I'm wondering, you know, anything working at Walmart, you're gonna make more than that. I mean, but is there, is there anything in your area that that Yeah. That you're able to make 40, 50 grand For?


So I've been looking for, you know, ever since July and I've been trying to find that answer. The only things that we've got for entry level work is about 1650 an hour. And right now we're getting about 1675 because we, we put into benefits unfortunately at the school and that won't change till next year when we can cancel those, all the entry level work is about 1550 to 1650 unless you specialize or have a degree in something or have prior experience to it. Yeah. And I'm I'm even wondering if there's people in your area that Yeah. That are, that that, because Ken Coleman talks about this a lot that so much of our work and getting that next step or that next job is more about the people, you know, it's not about the application and so Yeah.


Right. In in your, in your realm of people just thinking Maybe encourage community even asking around that. Yeah. If there's a business owner and they need admin work Right. I mean like anything like that or even some remote jobs Blake, which might drive you nuts being in the house all day. I don't know because you're probably an active guy but Yeah for sure if there, if there's anything yeah. Within your community that I think that's gonna be your best bet Blake between Okay now and you know, the next year instead of putting together what you can and you're gonna have to do something soon 'cause you can't be in the red for long. Yeah. Can you guys cut your expenses? It still feels like there's a lot, I mean you still have thousands more in expenses every month even beyond your rent.


Sure. So when we went to it, we actually adjusted it to what would be the most ideal situation for us and we completely cut out every extra spending that we were doing. How much is the car payment a month? So that one is 2 75. Okay. We owe about 8,300 more on it and I don't think we could even, I, that was another lesson learned but I don't know that we could sell it for enough to You're underwater on it purchase another. Yeah. Is that what it's underwater? Yeah. Is that the only debt you guys have? Other than that we just have four credit cards. So since we started your budget we paid off my lowest one about 500 something we paid half of my wife's.


Okay. Lowest one after that. So we're doing the snowball. Okay, That's great. You guys are making progress. Yeah that's great. I mean yeah in between, you know, now and March I probably would be doing some side hustle stuff and if there's anything that you can do that goes straight to the consumer, we always find that you're gonna make more doing that. So even if that's tutoring, you said that you're, you know, a substitute teacher so if you can even tutor doing something like that for the meantime but looking for that main income to go up is gonna be the key and kind of getting you on that right path


we're gonna give you. Yeah Ken Coleman's career assessment so make sure to, to do that Blake. And if anyone else is new like Blake and you wanna know where you are with the baby steps, make sure to go and check your progress and receive a personalized plan. And you can click the link in the show notes which is titled Are You On Track With the Baby Steps and complete that quiz


and this hour is up, George. Good times and we'll see all of you guys live on radio and in the RAMSEY app coming next.