
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jade Warshaw. We're taking your calls at 8 8 8 two five five two two five. You call in, we'll help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Courtney's gonna kick us off in Oklahoma City. What's going on Courtney? Hi. I just have a question about home repairs and basically the, the route we should go on if we are trying to knock debt. But we do currently live in a home that is proving to be not actually livable.


Are we talking like black mold or is it I don't like the kitchen. No, no. We're talking about extensive mold. When we got testing done, the, it didn't come back as anything majorly toxic, but obviously it's just not currently ideal situation to live in. So that's interesting to me. So you got it tested and they said it's not overly toxic. Does that just mean they can remediate it, move on and no one's concerned? They can remediate it, but the problem is the, the space that was added onto the house before we moved in was improperly ventilated. We actually didn't know this, but they built on top of a crawl space and then they just sort of tapered it off.


And so there's a portion of the house that's not actually a true crawl space, but there was no moisture barrier. So now the support beams under that part of the house have completely rotted away with the mold and our floor caved in. So it, that part of the house is not habitable. Got you, got you. So how much does it cost to fix it? Fix all of it? The remediation alone would be between six and $8,000, but that does not include demo and to rebuild it. And we actually don't know if that includes mold that has traveled up into the sheet rock or if, if it's strictly underneath the floor. Got you. Okay. So now hit us with the, hit us with the hammer of why you can't afford this and why this is a, Well, we potentially could be looking at thousands and thousands of dollars and we're, we're just wondering what can we, what route should we go?


Do we take out a loan to try and get this fixed? Do we, we, everything that we've searched, it keeps pulling up keylock and we're just, we're uncertain about that. So we just don't know what route to take here. Insurance is not going to cover it either way. Sure. Do you have any money anywhere? Like do you have any money saved anywhere? We have a little bit in 401k. We have a little bit in savings, but not much. What's in savings really? It would be just around a couple of thousand. It's not much at all. Like 3000 or like 1200, Somewhere around there. Okay. Yeah, somewhere around there. Okay. Well you're halfway there for the remediation. That's the good news. True. And we know it doesn't have to happen tomorrow.


So could this happen over the course of the next, you know, 90 days and you guys cash flow it, could you save up a thousand or 2000 bucks a month outta your paychecks? Absolutely not, unfortunately. Do you guys take home every month? I'm not sure of the exact number that we take home, but yearly between the two of us, we probably only make about 75,000. Okay. So here's where I wanna challenge you because I asked you a question and George asked you a question and you didn't know the answer to. What I would say are, I don't pretty basic numbers, Courtney, which is how much do you have in savings and how much do you make every month? Which that lets me know. You don't have much of a budget. We don't. Okay.


I, there there is a little bit of backstory there. We have had some issues in the past and for that reason we did keep our finances separate. Mm. So I'm tally numbers here and this is something that we are working towards That's a, that's a separate issue. Okay. We are working towards that goal, but, but these are, these are roughly around the numbers that we would be working with. So you're separating the money, but it's not you having all the control over the money or him having all the control over the money. You, you're managing your own. Is that what I hear? Correct. Correct. Okay. That being said, it, it doesn't change the fact.


I still think that you need a budget and he needs a budget. Definitely. And I think when you do that, 'cause right now you really can't answer George's question. You don't know if there's extra margin you could pull Together. You said there's not a thousand dollars. I can almost guarantee I could find you a thousand bucks if I looked at your bank statements and helped you create a budget. So I wanna encourage you that It is possible to do this making 75,000 a year. So what do we do about the, the literal store being, you know, we cannot use that part of house. It Is, I mean, what you need doing today? Yeah. I'm sorry. I could, I could only hear it with both of you. I can hear what said Wellm. Just wonder, you said wondering. You, you haven't been able to use it.


What was it used for previously, if anything? That was Our bedroom. So where are you guys living right now or sleeping? Well, I am currently in the living room, Like on a couch. Is there an air mattress in there? What's the situation? We, We tried to move our bed into the living room and it just, it wasn't working out. So we tried to move it into a back part of the house and ultimately the couch was a better option. Are there kids involved? Yes. Okay. How many kids? One. Okay. And their bedroom's intact? Yes. But mom and dad are hanging out in the living room. Yes. That's, That's adventure. That's a story you'll be able to tell one day to your kids.


It's camping trip. It's been an Adventure for sure. So you could you survive this for another six months? We've been living like this for five years. Well, I'm sorry, five years. Yes. Wait a second. So you've, this issue has been happening for five years and we're just now doing something about it? No, this has been, Like I said, there's been some, there's been some other issues in other areas that, you know, don't deserve any time on the air. Okay. But, but now that we have worked through some of those issues And we are trying to get on top of finances, we, we just truly don't know where to go. And we've only recently started, or my husband recently started the Dave Ramsey plan and so we're on the right track, but it's been really hard to try and convince him that taking out some sort of, some sort of loan or something somewhere to get this fixed is a good idea.


Because right now he's really wrapped up in the idea of knocking out all debt, knocking out everything but ultimately our So you want to take out the loan and he doesn't. Yes. Well here's the thing, here's what I'm hearing. There's discomfort going on. You've, you've experienced something in your relationship. You don't have to mention it on, on air, but whatever that is, that has been very uncomfortable. And now you've had this thing pop up in your home. The mold and the, the issue with the, I don't know, joist, is that what they're called? I don't know. The, the wooden beam. Yes. And, and that's uncomfortable and you're trying to get the money and that's separate. So that's uncomfortable. There's a lot of uncomfortability going on and now you called this show and we're asking you to do something else that is potentially quite uncomfortable for a longer period of time.


And I think you're probably just experiencing a fatigue in that area of oh a hundred percent. Can I just please have a, a simple solve Guys, can you just make it easy for me? And unfortunately debt can look like the simpler, you know, it can look like the solution and it can look like the easy button. But you've just told us you've been through some things and if you turn around and add this debt to the equation, yes maybe you get the thing fixed tomorrow, but now you've got this huge amount of debt hanging around your neck that you guys have to get on the same page on financially what you're not in order to pay off. And I can tell you it's probably gonna be easier for you guys to lock arms and pay for something in cash than It is gonna be for you guys to lock arms and pay off this debt because your money's separate.


So he pony up the cash, you pony up the cash and you guys get this thing paid for in cash. I'm on team husband HELOCs are only gonna give you permission to do the stupidest things like take this mold situation and go, you know what? Full kitchen reno, they're giving us a hundred thousand dollars. Don't do this Courtney. It's gonna be hard but more debt is only gonna make your situation more difficult. This is The Ramsey Show.


Okay Rachel, the internet officially knows too much about all of us. So much George. I mean our names, our addresses, even our relatives names. And what's crazy is even if you opt out data broker websites can still get your info. Don't Like that. No. And just a year ago get this, the average person had about 300 pieces of personal data floating around online. Now it's over 600. It is doubled in a year. You guys, That is so concerning because that info then can be used in phishing, scams, impersonation, and even harassments. That's why George and I both use and love delete me. Yes, Delete me. Scrubs your personal info from hundreds of these data broker sites. Not just once but all year long. And there's real privacy experts behind the scenes doing this. Not bots. So this is digital hygiene we all need. We all need it. And then they will send you a detailed report showing exactly where they found your data and what they were removed. And you can even request custom removals if you have something specific you want them to look out For. Exactly. And this is not being paranoid, this is staying protected. And so far DeleteMe has removed my info from 240 listings and saved me 94 hours of time. It would've taken me to do it. I Love it. And you guys, in a world where strangers can Google your grandma and get enough info to scam her and just two clicks delete me, gives you peace of mind. Yes. So Go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off and that discount brings through annual plans down to about nine bucks a month. So go check it out. Join delete me.com/ RAMSEY


Samantha's up next in Indianapolis. What's going on Samantha? Welcome to the show. Hi, Thank you for having me. Sure. What's going on? So late last year I just had a series of unfortunate events. I had lost my grandma who was very close to because she raised me. And then a month after that I got laid off from my job. Oh Man. They eliminated my role and while I had that job it was data entry job I was making about $22 an hour. So you know, I was very well off during my time there and I was living off credit cards 'cause I thought that I could afford it at the time 'cause I was making so much. Mm.


So basically I had about close to $8,000 in credit card debt and just between grieving the loss of my job and then the loss of my grandma was really close to, I just wasn't keeping up with it. I just kind of shut down mentally. I let it lapse. I wasn't communicating with them to try to payment arrangements or anything. So fast forward to now we're at the play where everything's about to Go to collections. My mom actually got a life insurance policy from my grandma. I was not on the policy but she was, and she gifted me some money out of her part of the policy. And I'm using it to pretty much pay off as much as a credit card as I can. How much was the I've spent was the life insurance policy or the portion you got?


So my mom only gave me about 8,000. Okay. And how much is now the inflated collections? Credit card debt. So I have actually been working, making phone calls all this week to get all of them paid off. So they're all good. I have $1,800 left out of the money and I have one credit card left that's about to Go to collections. That's $2,300. It's still with the company. It's not collections yet. And I'm trying to get to them to negotiate and just settle with 1800 so I can just be done with it and be debt free and I'm unemployed now also, I'm just trying to get rid of all of this debt before I go back into the workforce. 'cause I don't want to have that stress right away.


If that makes sense. When I go back to work of having to like You garnished, how are you, what are you living on? What portion of money are you living on? So I have, I'm living with my partner. He's been nice enough to kind of take on my part of the bill. So he's fully supporting me right now. Okay. I don't love that. Is This all the debt you have left to your name? Is the 1800 or the 2300? Yes. Okay. There's part of this. Okay, you got the life insurance money. If you had called us a couple of days before you paid off this debt, part of me would've said, Hey, you're between jobs, you're in a bit of a storm mode, let's hold this and let's get really, really proactive about finding any job just so you have some money coming in.


And then you could turn around and pay these bills. But it bothers me that you have no income whatsoever coming in and you're kind of at somebody else's kind of, you're at their mercy and I love that you're paying off debt, but I also, you, you gotta get some money coming in and I don't want you thinking, okay, I paid off my debt. I can sit over here and like, this guy's gonna help me out. Like what's your plan for getting real money in the door? So I actually do have a job lined up. I'm starting a part-time retail job. It's just because It is part-time. That's all I could just find at the moment. It's just not enough to like check one with debt with that, if that makes sense.


So I was just trying to pay it off like by the, and by the time I start working I could just focus on, you know, like paying my actual bills and things and not paying, putting, putting it all towards debt. When you say lined up, have you accepted the offer and you're starting, you have a start date? Yes, I start next week. Okay. And you're getting another job to go with that part-time job. Have you started that part? No, I'm, I'm sorry, that's not just, I'm just, I just have the part-time job. I haven't started that one yet. Okay. So that's what I want. That's what I want for you. And then once you do that, yeah, pay off this last debt, but you've gotta have a living wage otherwise ano you're just gonna start another fire. Does that make sense?


You gotta get, you gotta have that in, in, in line. So yeah, go back to you're saying they won't settle for the 1800 when it's time. Correct. So they're not saying, they're saying that the account is not negotiable at all and I have to pay that full 2300. When is it going to collections? How soon? They wouldn't give me an exact date even, but I got an email saying that it will, It is going to go in 60 days or less. Yeah. Okay. So you can come up with 500 bucks in the next 60 days. Right. Even with a part-time retail job, you'll make over $500 net in 60 days. It's two months.


Yeah, I could possibly, I could probably do that. You're right. No, Not probably Samantha, I need you to have a little confidence here and go, I'm paying this debt off next month. I mean, I, you can sign up for Instacart tonight and go make 500 bucks in the week. I get that. You don't wanna pay the money. Like I can, I can sympathize with not wanting to, but you did rack up this money. It's not in collections yet. Let's, let's pay what we owe and make it get it right side up. But I think there's something deeper here because you haven't worked in a long time. How long has it been? It's been since before Christmas. And how old are you?


I'm 27. 27. So my guess is, what is it, I am getting into Ken Coleman land, but if you could snap your fingers today and be in a career field, what would it be? So I was doing data entry. It was a work from home job and I, I'm just trying to get back into that field. 'cause that was really what I love doing. And what's kept you from getting back into that field? Is it qualifications? Is it finding the openings? Basically just finding the openings. The company that I worked for, they pretty much eliminated my role and sent it overseas and that's what pretty much all of the companies that are relevant to my field are doing.


And I even went, you know, branched out a little bit to just do work from home in general because I'm unable to drive. So I have to have work from home. You're unable to drive. Okay. Is that due to medical issues? Yeah, I have epilepsy and I get seizures, so I'm not able to get a driver's license. Okay, good to know. Okay, so you've got some limitation there. I I just wanna make sure you're getting on a path at that you're excited about because talking to you, it doesn't, I don't sense the excitement. I don't have that sense of urgency behind what It is that your Next Steps are gonna be career wise. Before you get off the line, we're gonna give you a couple of resources. I, I want you to have, find the work you're wired to do. There's a career assessment in there and I think it'll give you some ideas on what, not only how you're wired, but what that translates to as far as different careers are concerned.


If we give it to you, you promise you'll do it. Yeah, Absolutely. Okay, great. Great. We'll give you that, we'll give you paycheck to purpose. We'll give you proximity principle. I think that you just need to get fired up in the area of career. I don't want you leaching off some dude. I Fair enough. Yes. Yeah, you're, you're more than that. You got, you've got skills, you've got talents, you've got a lot to offer. And I want you to tap into that and I want you to believe that. How old are you Samantha? I'm 27. Okay. I, I think we're just rooting for Samantha more than Samantha's rooting for herself. And I, I think you need to get some mojo back. You've been through a lot.


You've had a lot of grief, the job loss grandma who raised you. But the best path out of grief is not to stay put and just sit and wallow in it at home. You've, you've done that, you've done that long enough. It hasn't gotten you anywhere. Mm. So the way I found my way out is through action, activity, getting some momentum behind it and going, All Right, you know what, there is a path forward. I'm not stuck here. And I think that's what it's gonna take for you. And I think there's a life beyond just another part-time job. Another data entry role. And that's what these resources from Ken will give you is a deeper purpose that really lights a fire under you to go do something that you're passionate about and make good money doing it. And then you'll never touch a credit card again.


Have you canceled all of your cards? Yeah. So all the ones that I have paid off, I just done settlements and the agreement is like once they get that settlement that they're gonna be closed. Good, Good, Good. And then never open one again. These companies are not your friend. I'm, I'm tired of them. It It's not a security blanket. This is going to only hurt your future if you rely on credit card companies for anything. Even if you quote pay it off perfectly. You can do that with your own money and not have to be at their, I don't know, Their Under their thumb. Under their thumb. There you go. That's what I'm looking forward. A big old credit card thumb. No, Thank you. Listen, Samantha's gonna make good choices. I believe in her the fact that she took the inheritance or took the life insurance and it's true and made a good, what she felt Oh, was a good choice in the moment.


Cleaned Up the mess. Yeah, That was, that's a good sign. All all signs are on the up and up for Samantha. She's just gotta grab life. Gotta grab it by the Horns. Yes. We're really great today. We're finishing each other's Sentences. Golly. All Right. We'll get there Jade. We'll get there. This is The Ramsey Show.


Sticking to a budget is hard enough. And inflation, George, it isn't helping us. Yep. In fact, 54% of Americans say it's a challenge to save on groceries without sacrificing quality. But ALDI makes it easy. Aldi's private label. It is delicious food with incredible prices that you can save within your budget. Yeah. And ALDI has the lowest prices of any national grocery store, which is really impressive. And with all the money you saved, you're gonna be making more progress toward your financial goals. Yes. Which is what we want for you guys. So stop overpaying and start shopping at ALDI. Find a store near you today at ALDI us that's a ldi us.


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering where your money's going, your first step is getting on a budget. And our team is hosting free budgeting trainings this month where you're gonna learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget using EveryDollar. Plus you can get your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a. So jump on it. Spots are limited. You can sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


James is up next in Buffalo, New York. James, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you. You with us, James? Yes. Phew. Okay, good. What's up? So I am looking for some advice here. I've got a per, I've got a startup business in e-commerce, but don't really have any marketing money. So in turn I'm not converting anything. I'm not able to work a regular job because of my current living situation, Which is what The single father of three and I don't really have any family to help.


And so that's really why I'm trying to start something online and make some good money from that. I'm looking for like about 5,000 for marketing. I don't know if, Sorry, you're breaking up on us. James, speak directly into your phone. Got a couple of cousins that I would be able to get it from, but I don't know if that's a good idea. You know, I, I hear that maybe getting personal loans from family members really isn't the best way to go. It's not. I just wanted your input on that. Yeah, you're right in that It is one of the worst ways to go unless you hate your cousins, then it's probably a net, you know, it's a net neutral at that point. 'cause they know they're not getting this money back from old James.


He's not gonna turn five grand to 20 grand overnight with a startup business. Right? Yeah. I mean, you have to think about it from both ends. I mean, obviously that loaning money from family is not a great idea anyway. But now you're doing it into the unknown, into a business you've never run before. And what if you lose the money? What if you don't get the return on investment that you think you're gonna get on the 5K? What happens then? Yeah, exactly. And I mean, again, my situation, Can I tell you James, as a ex marketing guy, good marketing will just make a bad product fail faster.


And so the question is, what are you actually selling and why don't people want it? Well, I think it's, it's says it's like, Sorry, you're breaking up. Sorry. James can hear What are you selling? What's the business? I have a, I also have a mattress company that I'm working more on. It's called Z's Mattress. Ooh. What's special about your mattress that I can't get from the 400,000 mattress sites that are out there with amazing marketing and slick sales and crazy deals. It's just, you're right. Well, it's just, it's a, a luxury mattress at not a luxury price. And it's, it's an affordable luxury latex mattress.


It just sounds like, let, let me say this. I'm not trying to kill your dream, but I, I am gonna say this. I feel like what you said makes sense. You are a single dad. You've got to come up with creative ways to make money. I love the way you're thinking in that way. You don't have any cash though. You're looking for 5K and to start a mattress company. I think you're gonna need to save up a lot more money to do this and do this, right? Can we start smaller? Can we start with a smaller product that's easy for you to create or manufacture or sell? Maybe it's a service-based thing and you do that online first and get some chops before we start into something so major. Unless that's your background, unless that's his background And we, And we don't know about it, but yeah.


Well here's what my guess, and I've seen these videos on TikTok, I'm guessing this is where James got it from. You can get into wholesale mattress business where you get the mattresses directly from the companies making them the manufacturer China. And then you increase the price and sell it and white label it with whatever name you want. I've seen the guys with the wear, you know, they've got the little storage units with the mattresses in there and they're like, you can make $10,000 a day. Oh, have you been past a mattress firm in the past five years? They're still the same guy spinning the sign on the corner. I I assume it's a front for drugs at this point. I don't, it's a breaking bad situation at any mattress store in the country right now. It's not a hot commodity.


And so that's my guess. And I just saw this post from Alex Hermo that I thought was brilliant. He said, why do you think you're gonna make money in your sleep if you can't make it while you're awake? And I was like, whoa. He just dropped one right there. That is a mic drop situation from Hermo. And he's right. The people who are attracted to these passive income streams, they're not making active income. Yeah, you're right. And you gotta start with that. Then we can figure out a way how to make money in our sleep. But right now, James, what I would encourage you to do is just find a work from home job. If it's difficult for you to Go to an office, there's plenty of jobs out there. You sound like a smart guy. I would be looking for a job that I can do remotely with consistent pay that doesn't involve going into debt. 'cause I'm telling you right now, I don't want you calling back saying, I owe three cousins 20 grand.


My mattress business failed. Oh gosh, what do I do? And I I'm not trying to dog your idea. No, I just know that's in the cards at this Stage of day. That what Mr. Wonder, Mr. Wonderful says, take it out back and shoot It. Is that what he says? That's what he says and that's what I say. Dang. That's what I'm gonna have to say to this. I've had a lot of like ideas that I thought were really cool too. Oh yeah, I'm glad I didn't pursue them. You know what I mean? Can I tell you one of the worst hair brain schemes that I was ever a part of? So multi-level, level marketing. It is what it was, but it was back in like, let's see, I was married in oh seven, so this would've been in oh eight. My friend came to me, she's like, you gotta come to this presentation with me. Oh no. They're selling phones that you can call people over the internet.


So, and I was like, Instead of like a cell tower. Yes. And you had to like invest money to buy the phones. And so think about that now. It's so silly. Like, it's so silly to Yeah. To be able to call someone over the internet. And I was like, All Right, voiceover IP jade. Yeah. It's the Future voiceover. It was voice. Exactly. Voiceover calling ip. And I went home and I was like, Sam, we have to invest in this. It's voiceover ip. He looked at me, he was like, we're not doing that. Thank God. And if, if you ever use the words investment or opportunity, that is a, a great clue that you should be running far away. Oh Man. If you used it or someone else used it on you, that's a clue you're about to get screwed. But it's the desperate, my point is, I, we knew that we were in debt at that point.


We were so desperate. And I could just sense with this guy, yes, he's looking for something To Grasp onto Needs income fast goes well, I could set up a website and sell some Mattresses. Yeah. You see the post, you see the TikTok, your friend calls you and says, this is the, the newest thing. It's called the internet. And you can call, make calls over it. Watch their big egg on my face when James calls back and he is like, Hey, I'm a billionaire with my mattress company. I know. I started on, I know. Listen, I Hope it happens. I'm never I know Ill will. I hope he, I hope he Does it. I'm wishing him the best. All Right, let's take a quick one here from Josh in Louisville, Kentucky. What's going on Josh? Oh, not a whole lot. How y'all doing? Great. What's your question? I've got a lump sum of money coming in and I was wondering if it would be All Right to jump in the snowball to pay pay one debt off.


Ah, okay. So our debt snowball method would say smallest to largest balance. You're saying, Hey, I have a big lump sum coming in. Can I hit the largest debt first? So what's the lump sum you're getting? It's about 80,000. And what's your largest debt? 192. What kind of debt is it? That's my house, but that's not the one I'm wanting to pay off. Oh, okay. I'm wanting to pay the one off below it, which is because they're kind of a headache to deal with. What is it? Into student loans? Mm, student loans. Is it one giant loan or a bunch of little ones? It, It is several little ones, but it'll pay 'em all off that amount.


So if you put 'em in order from smallest to largest, including those little loans, how does it, what comes before it at that point? I've got a car loan before that and solar panel loan after that. And then it would be the student loans as a group. What's your total debt out outside of the mortgage? About one 70. One 70. And you'll knock out about half with this lump sum. Where'd the lump sum come from? We had a small accident and insurance paid us out that time. Okay. So what's the smallest student loan if you broke it into the smallest chunks, what's the smallest one?


I really don't know. Okay. I really don't know. I just know that's the group. I have a feeling that, I mean, you compared it to solar panels, so I have a feeling there might be some student loans in there that end up being the smallest ones, but you're gonna have to go online and look and see, Right? Correct. So that's, you've got some problem is The case. I would list out, go ahead and list out all your debts. Tonight's smallest, largest balance. See how it all lays out. And then if you'd apply that 80 k, you'll see exactly how many payments you'll free up, which you can then apply to the next biggest debts. And the thing I wanna encourage you, Josh, is this plan is all about behavior. And getting this lump sum from the accident isn't gonna change the behavior that got you here. So I would encourage you to follow the plan as is stated.


And I think you will see great success. Thanks for the call.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work. If you become a victim, it's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


We know that you guys have been trying to help people in your life get started on the Ramsey plan. So we built something for you. It's the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist so that you can help them. It's a free, easy to share Playlist. It covers all the basics for someone who's trying to Get started with Ramsey. But you're like, try the web website, read a book, just send 'em this Playlist. It'll have everything they need. Like what are the baby steps, how to pay off debt with the debt snowball, how to build an emergency fund and so much more. So here's how to share. Click the link at the top of the show notes to open the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube. Then you can hit the share button and text it, DM it, send it in the group chat and say, Hey, really enjoyed this thought. You guys might too thought this might help. If you're listening on radio, we've got the Playlist featured at the top of our Ramsey Show YouTube channel.


You can get it there. It's one share and one step that could help change someone's life. Thank you. Michelle is in Dallas. Up next, what's going on Michelle? Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. I'm, I'm in a tricky spot financially. There's something I've been managing for about 10 years that started as a family business over 40 years ago. But over time it's turned more into a hobby and the emotional connection is really strong. But the financial side has really gotten foggy and I honestly don't even know how much I make from it right now from month to month. And I'm trying to decide if I should keep pushing forward or close it.


I wanna know what the smartest move is based on where I'm at. I'm trying to budget more intentionally and I'm also applying for steady jobs like the post office to build a stronger foundation. I guess my question is how do I start untangling the emotional from the financial and how do I know if this is something I should keep trying to grow? I'm sorry, Emotional. Yeah. You're Really struggling with this and clearly this is, it's been a long time of struggle. There is a lot behind those tears that you've, you've tried, I can tell you've tried your darnedest to keep this business and dream alive and probably for the sake of your family.


Yeah, well yes, because it's, you know, my mom and dad started it and I took over 10 years ago and I have done it all on my dollar. I have gotten no loans. I'm not in debt with the business. Good. What's the nature of the business? What do you guys do? It's an upholstery shop. Okay. And I'm the only one that's working now. You know, my, I have no employees and so it's really started to turn into a hobby and I'm burnt out when I come to work. I pull up to the shop and I'm just sitting in my car going and have to go in and it's not, and it's, it's busy.


I'm eight months booked out. So that makes it even harder if I close, how do I close? What if, you know, so Your eight months booked out. Help me understand that part. You're eight months booked out, but it's not making any money. What does that mean? Are the prices too low? Is and the the costs are too high. Have you figured out what that is? I think a lot of It is. I think I can get something done. You know, it's just me. So I think, oh, I can get this done. And you, you're the one that reupholster the furniture. You do it. Yes. So I just wonder, Michelle, or I wonder if you are the person who does the work and you need someone else to run the business side of it.


I, That's the problem is that financially I don't see how I can do that when I'm struggling to just barely keep the lights on and keep my house. I'm, it's me at my house all by myself. Right. But you have, you're booked out eight months and it, I just, I'm not trying to change your mind. I just wonder if a lot of that it's Not for a lack of clients. Yeah. That were, that we would be closing this. Right. It's because you're just emotionally overwhelmed. Do you want to keep doing this? Yeah. Do you enjoy upholstering? I do, but I'm so burnt out and I've kind of closed my books and just working. I don't see a future as far as I can't work fast enough to make enough money.


And I'm 56 years old. I have zero retirement and I try to do, I've been to Financial Peace University twice and I've tried to do the EveryDollar budget every month. I try to do it. Yeah. But I never know how much I'm actually making. Do you have a CPA a that you work with or an accountant? I do, but she is never, she's, she does it on the side. And so basically I do the QuickBooks and then she cleans it up and does what She does her magic. So there's no real advice happening here. She's just like hitting a button, going, okay, done. I I think at this point it's probably spilled milk.


It, it, it probably is time for you to close doors and go do something else. But I mean, I would definitely be remiss if I didn't say it sounds like there probably is a business here. It sounds like you need another person who knows how to do upholstery to help you and it needs, it sounds like you need another person who runs the day-to-day business side of things. And you might find, I don't know, but based on what you said, you might find that you do have the money to pay another part-time upholsterer. And you do have the time to pay another one person, you know, a a a small salary to help you run the business. If you're done, you're done. And there's nothing wrong with being done at the same time. Well, and I Kind of, I I, in my heart, I do love what I do.


I love it when I'm done with the piece. I'm like, oh look this, 'cause I did this and I've called another upholstery shop that's, you know, in another town like five hours away. And I know that they had bought their shop in pretty recent and was asking questions and you know, it's hard to find somebody to do upholstery and shops around me are closing regular, I mean, shops are closing all the time. Yeah. 'cause people, people aren't getting things reupholstered. They're going on Amazon and buying a new one. Just Go to Wayfair. Get It cheap. Yeah, But there's a market for it. I mean, you start getting networked with interior designers and people working on new builds. Yeah.


And they want custom pieces or they love the vintage stuff and there's clearly a market for it. Otherwise you wouldn't have eight months of business backed up. Right. And so I don't want you to give up because of that, but I also wanna free you that if you do close this business, you're not a failure. You're not a bad person, you're not a bad daughter. I feel like that's what I need. Because it's, I mean, the whole family is, is touched by it because of the fact that it's been in the family so long. Well if they cared about it so much, why are they not involved? Well, my mom can't anymore. And my poor little dad, he's, he has been up here and I'm, I send him home all the time.


I'm like, you, you've got to go home. You need to enjoy your retirement because you can't just be up here, you know, trying to make me survive. Michelle, I think you're a really, I think you're really sweet. I think you have like a servant's heart. I truly do. My guess though. I bet no one is saying those things to you. I think you're just Internalized Internalizing that your mom and dad didn't say that you're a failure if you close this business. Did they? No, no. Matter of fact, you know, I'm, I talked to my dad and he was like, would be, it'd be good if you got the job at the post office.


Yeah. And you had a retirement. Yes, Yes, yes. Well This, there's nothing wrong with trying something different, trying something new. And guess what? You can always continue upholstering on the side. And I think you should in a way that's really healthy for you. I think that's what I needed to hear. And just take on the projects you wanna take on and charge what you're worth, Michelle. Clearly you're not, clearly you don't think you're worth much if this business isn't making money while you have eight months of work backed up. And it's a solo entrepreneurship. And so I would encourage you to charge more. Explain to the client what's going on. Hey, it's either I closed business or I raise my prices. We've kept our prices this way for a decade now. And inflation's hit us hard too. Raise your prices and you know, this is all me all of my time.


And I think people need to respect that. And again, if you chose not to ever upholster anything again, no one's gonna shame you for that. I appreciate that. I'm gonna send you a copy of Dave Ramsey's newest book, it's called Build a Business You Love and it walks you through. I have that. You do. Have you read it? I have it. I am in the middle of it actually. Good. Okay. Here's the good news. You're in the treadmill phase. You are just trying to keep up. And you need, if you want to keep this going and you want to grow it and you want to get the overwhelm off of you, you're gonna have to learn how to delegate. You're gonna have to learn to hire the right people to get involved in the business to help you. And there's people who love sales.


That's what they're good at. There's people who love accounting. It's what they're good at. And there's Michelle and she's the only one who can upholster her like Michelle does also Read the book Necessary Endings by Henry Cloud. That's a great one. That's a solid one. Oh Michelle, we're rooting for you. I feel for you this, there's a lot underneath this business and I hope it stays afloat 'cause there's not a lot of people in the trades and it sounds like you love what you do and I hope you continue doing it.


Hey George Kamel here. Listen, we need to talk specifically about Mama Bear Legal Forms. Allow me to paint you a picture. You plan a vacation, you make a budget, you book the Airbnb, you build a spreadsheet of activities because you're that person. You fire up the maps app and boom trip of a lifetime. So here's the question. If you plan that carefully for a one week getaway, why are you just winging it when it comes to your will? Not having a will in place is like dropping your family off at a foreign airport with no map, no translator, and no clue what happens next. So when you pass away, sure your family will be grieving, but they're also overwhelmed. Stuck in court and letting the government decide what happens to everything. You worked so hard for all because you didn't leave clear instructions. So the good news is you can fix this in 20 minutes with Mama Bear Legal Forms. I use them from my own will and it was fast, simple and gave me and my family peace of mind. There's no stuffy lawyer's office, no drama, just a few clicks and your family's protected. Listen, a will is too important to ignore. It's how you love your people. Well even after you've yed your last haw, as we say in the south. So Go to Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com and handle this tonight. Use the promo code Ramsey and you'll save 20%. That's Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com promo code Ramsey


From the Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Ramsey Personality George Campbell. Joined by my co-host Jade Warshaw. We're taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Robert is in Kansas City. Up next. What's going on Robert? Hey, Thanks for taking my call. My parents are in their eighties and they've been dealing with some health problems the last few years. So they made me the executor of their estate a few years ago and they put me on their bank accounts and just kind of, you know, were asking for help and we helped 'em sell their house and moving 'em closer and helped 'em find a new place to live.


I got a niece who keeps asking to borrow money and my mom continues to loan to her with no repayments. And yet every month my mom is like, oh, I think next month she's gonna start repaying. And so my question is, what is my responsibility to my parents as someone that they've asked to kind of help and oversee? Where does my role, do I say something to my niece? What, what would you guys recommend? How Old is the niece? She's 40 And how much money is she asking for? What does this look like? So it was like 5,000 and then another 2000 and then 2,500. Wow. So we're gonna do about $10,000 and you know, my niece called me last earlier this month and was kind of, you know, talking about life and how things aren't great and, and she made an offhand comment about how oh, there's a lot of cousin drama and I'm just picturing, you know, my, her cousins, her, her sisters, her siblings, her cousins, like probably resenting what is going on.


'cause my, my mom tends to talk a lot and so I think everybody probably knows that she's borrowing money. And I think my sense is there's probably some resentment building up there. Has anyone else asked for money from your mom? Yeah, through the years, yes. Other, pretty much all nieces and nephews have at different times that they've all paid it back. There was a stepbrother many, many years ago who asked for money who didn't pay it back and it, that did not go well. That kind of still comes up in conversation, you know, 30 years later. So unfortunately. So your mom has been soured by these situations before. Is she a people pleaser? Why does she continue to do this knowing that she's likely never gonna see this money?


Unfortunately, Yeah, I think she is a people pleaser. I think she genuinely cares about her grandkids and, but you know, I think she struggles with saying no and I think especially she, she started this a long time ago and I think she's struggling to cut it off today. She made the comment about three or four years ago, I'm not loaning my into to anyone anymore. And yes, she's continued to do it. Well So she she puts you on the hook to help her. Yeah. What is the, I guess the boundaries of your help because you're the executor of the estate and you said you have access to their bank accounts, but they haven't put you in charge of all of their finances it sounds like. Yeah, no, I am not. Like I, I am not their representative. I don't write their checks for 'em out, do any of those things.


So that's, that's, I know why I'm asking the question. Yeah. I'm not sure where. Yeah. They're legally grown adults who can make as many terrible decisions as they want. Correct. Now if and when they pass, that's when you'll be in charge to make sure their wishes are, you know, executed. But other than that, I don't know that you can stop her if that's what she wants to do. Yeah. All you can do Is other than try to talk to her and con convince her that this is not gonna benefit her and it's actually gonna harm the entire family. So you would not recommend me saying something to my niece about, Hey, you know, grandma's mentioned that I'm story paying this loan. You would Not recommend that. I wouldn't say it from grandma's perspective. I'd say it from your perspective. I wouldn't say, Hey, grandma's doing, because you don't wanna speak for grandma, but you can Go to your niece and say, I'd Go to the niece and to grandma, I'd Go to to grandma and say, listen, this is not good for you.


I know I'm not in charge but I'm observing this and I, you know, you've asked for my help and I don't wanna overstep, but I think this is a behavior that you need to stop and you really don't have the money to give and she's not gonna pay it back. But you can have that conversation. Then you can go over to the niece and say, Hey, you know, I've been helping grandma and grandpa out with the, with their money and I I'm seeing this trend and they don't have this money to give you, they're being nice but they're making a mistake and you've gotta stop asking. I'm asking you nicely, you're grown, you can do what you want to do, but I'm just letting you know what I see going on and leave it at that and see what happens. Great. Okay. Do they have a lot of money? What is their net worth?


They're net worth. They're in a paid off house and they've got like $250,000. You know, that's their retirement. That's Yeah. They don't have money. The world. So Yeah. That's not like outrageous generosity money where we can just fund misbehavior from 40 year olds. Right, exactly. So if, if your mom wants to be nice and be generous, she can gift money on occasion, but clearly this has become entitlement and it's only gonna spread across the family as your niece says. Well yeah, they gave me five grand. You should go ask grandma. Bank of grandma is loaning out money, interest free. Right. And so I think this is gonna, your, your mom has to come to the realization that this is harming her and her financial future and the family and I want her to be the person to stop this.


Not you as the evil middleman cutting off the flow of money. 'cause that's just gonna cause more family drama. Right. That makes sense. So that's what I would encourage you to do. I it's a tough situation, it's very touchy. You're gonna have to be very tactful with all of this and convincing an 80 something year old to do anything is difficult. So I wish you the best of luck. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Yeah, absolutely. Whew. Got a love, a little family drama. Yeah, it happens. $5,000 is not a little bit of money. Sheesh. No. And yeah, she's clearly, if you're borrowing and then saying, yeah, I'll pay you back and then asking for more money before You've paid the last, Not a good sign. Okay. All Right. Let's get to Victoria and Charlotte, North Carolina.


What's going on Victoria? Hi George and Jade. Thank y'all so much for taking my call. Sure. What's happening? So long story short, my question is, should my husband and I sell our home to pay off our debt? Who give us the lowdown? Why? Why do you feel like you need to do something that drastic? Well, we, I, we both believe that we have outgrown our home. We just had our third and last baby a year ago, so we have three children. So we knew a larger home in the future was, you know, what we have planned. But, so right now we have $201,000 left on our loan.


The value of our home is three 10 And we have $87,000 in debt. We're on baby step two. So we have the thousand dollars saved. And then if I'm being totally honest, this is just bad debt, you know, BD before days before we start on the Ramsey plan and everything. So So your plan would be to rent? Yes, we would like to rent. And for me it's more of just not having that debt anymore. Our income, I, I believe It is fine. What's your fine what your, what is it? So my husband makes 65 at his full-time job and then he is a navy reservist.


He does make an income from that, but that income just pays our medical and our dental insurance. That's great. And what about you? I just do little odds and ends. I am a travel agent. I work, I stay at home with the kids. That's my priority. But I do do travel agent work, you know, on the side. What's That translate to Every month? It about 1250 on average. Okay. So can you guys actually rent a home that's around 25% of your take home pay that can fit you all? We, we can't. We have been looking, we're not ready to like fully commit to it. We just really needed an unbiased opinion on is this a good idea?


I don't know that I would, I think that you're wanting to get out of this debt fast. I didn't really hear anything super compelling that would make me sell my house. Other than the fact that you don't like the house and you wanna move to a different house, but you guys are, this would be starting from scratch And it doesn't change the behavior that got you into the debt. Yeah. It's a cool shortcut to go, Hey, we're outta debt. I love that. It's an awesome thing, but I'm scared you'll be right back to where you were and also unable to find a home you can rent at That price. I think I'd vote no. I'd vote no. I would pause on this and see if we can get our income up, get our expenses down and knock this out fast before I went and sold the home.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade. And listen, if you're waiting on the government to cancel your student loans, I hate to say it, but that's like expecting your broke cousin booboo to pay you back the 40 bucks you loaned him. It ain't happening. Now, when it comes to student loans, no one else is gonna pay them off for you. So if you want the loans gone, you've gotta take control. Now, that might mean cutting back, it might mean throwing every extra dollar at your debt. And for some of you it might mean refinancing to get a better interest rate. And that's where Laurel Road comes in. With Laurel Road, you can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Look, guys, refinancing may not be for everybody, and Ramsey's advice is clear. We want you to pay off your debt as fast as possible. So if you can get a lower rate or a shorter term that helps you do that, go for it. Laurel Road has low rates, plus ways to save even more money, like an autopay discount. Don't sit around hoping for a miracle. Change your life and change your mindset. Go get it done. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash Ramsey to check your rate today. That's Laurel Road dot com slash Ramsey.


Mindy's. Up next in Salt Lake City. What's going on, Mindy? How can we help? Hi. So I'll, I'll just get to my question. I'm planning on making a big change in our family where I'm gonna go back to school. Cool. That's good. But with this change, it requires a lot of, we live in a very high priced area and everything, and with this particular program, I need to have, sorry. It, it, it's very expensive and the program itself doesn't let me work. And so we are thinking of changing from a town home into a living trailer to try to cut expenses so that we don't need to take as much under us loan wise.


So I can finish this program. So you're still gonna go into debt for it? Just not as much. That's the idea. Yes. What's the program? What is it for? It's a profusionist program. It's the people who run the heart and lung machines. Heart and lung machines. In cardiac cases? Yeah, in cardiac cases. Okay. What is the program cost in total? The one that I really want to Go to is about 70 2K in Salt Lake. Wow. Oh my gosh. What, what do you make doing this at the end of the, at the end of the rainbow. So it, it does depend on where you live. I've seen it in my cer in my area here.


It's about 172,000 just as a baseline. And it goes up from there. Okay. And How long does the program take? It's two years at a master's program. Okay. And what will your income be if yours goes away? So my income right now is 104 K and my husband's is 43 K. It'll be 43 k. Oof. That's tight. That's, oh my gosh. Yeah. I don't know that this why is Feasible, why loans are necessary. Could we pause and save up in cash flow? I mean making, if you guys are making a hundred forty seven, forty seven K, how quickly could you stack up cash?


And that's the problem is that even the, I was traveling doing travel nursing just locally and I was making significantly more. But the problem is, is that this area is so expensive. Even, even if we just decided to downsize where we live, just to a different apartment that was a little bit cheaper. It's only like maybe 300, $400 cheaper a month. So, And When you see yourself, okay, when you do yourself, see yourself doing this heart and lung machine operation, are you doing it in Salt Lake City? Or are you taking the first job that you can find outta this program?


I mean, that depends because there are, we, we've also talked about California where we're, we're now talking about 220, 230 K. I'm asking a month. I'm asking because what, I'm trying to find out if it, if it's just so expensive in Salt Lake City, what's keeping you there? Is it family or is this something that you could potentially say, Hey, our goal is to get out of an expensive area and kind of like force rank these goals? Our goal is to get out of an expensive area. Are our goals that I have to make this career shift, where is it that we ultimately wanna live? And I feel like that could help inform some of the answers and also the order in which you do this. Does that make sense? Yes. And I, I would say that our goal, our family is in this area, but yeah, like we've lived here for the past like five to seven years and it has just increasingly gotten more and more expensive.


It is to the point where my job is we, we can't save up money like this and it's ridiculous. So we do. What's your, what do you pay now for your home Leave? What do you pay now for your living? We don't even, we tried to buy a home And we couldn't because of how expensive it was, they would've, it would've been like 3,700 a month. Yeah. So you're renting now? Yeah. And it's 2200 right now. So What I'm, what I'm getting at here is, I'm just wondering if the first move is a move out of the area to a less expensive area. 'cause you can nurse from anywhere and I'm wondering if that's the first move so that you can get a salary that you can actually live on and start to save some money. And then once you can get your hands around that margin, now we can actually start to save up a decent amount, way more quickly than we could in Salt Lake City.


Now this dream of saving up some money to pay for this master's program actually makes sense. And heck, maybe your husband will make a little bit more money too. That's a good point. Yeah. What's he doing for work? I think our, I'm an operating room nurse right now, and they do make, we do make really good money traveling. The problem is his traveling is not consistent. What Is he doing? I don't reason why I looked into this program. It's not consistent. What is, what is he doing making 43 k? He's a manager at a storage facility. Okay. What does the track look like for him to, to move up or get a different job that can make more to support the bills while you're in school?


I mean, right now he just, he just got a a dollar raise. They're, it's one of those facilities that doesn't want to push too, meet people up if they can help it, they, they Want, I'm saying their margining, but I'm saying if he has management skills, then he can be a manager anywhere. That's true. What are the jobs out there that will pay $80,000 to be a manager and now we're able to float the family bills without losing our appreciating asset to go into a depreciating asset, which is the trailer that you'll likely be underwater on and go into debt for on top of still going into student loan debt. You see how this problem is just gonna put you in a deep hole that you'll have to really climb back out of on the other side?


Yeah. There's nothing What, what's the urgency? Like if you waited, let's say 18 months and you saved up cash for this program, what would be the harm in that? Right now? The, I guess the urgency is like we, we have family And we have, so we would have to move out of this area. We'd have to find a plan to move out of this area to another place and to try to find a job elsewhere. We'd have to reestablish ourselves somewhere else. Whereas right now, I'm already in process and have almost everything all together and I will be applying within the next two months to five different programs. Not just in Salt Lake all over the country.


So you would be gone that would be in person? Yes. Like the whole family would move with you? It is one where they would, they would move with me. Wow. Well then I would be applying to the ones that are more affordable. If you can go anywhere. That's What I'm saying. I think the bigger part of this is you've just gotta get outta South Salt Lake first. I feel like that'd be my first move is I'm getting outta here. Okay. That way both of you have jobs that you can do from anywhere. So why not do it from someplace less expensive then to George's point, now you can be more urgent about saving up this money and doing this program. And then wherever you've been living, if you get a job elsewhere, you can go wherever the job, wherever the job takes you.


The one thing I do have to consider is I have to be within a hospital. And you would think like operating rooms, they're, they're everywhere. Not, I get it. Not all the time. Not the ones that pay really well. So you have to be within 30 minutes of a hospital to be able to take call and everything. And sometimes that means it's more expensive, unfortunately. Yeah, I get it. We'll do some research on that and see, see what's available to you because you, you're the person basically who called in and said, we're up against a wall in Salt Lake City. So I'm just trying to look around and see if I can get you in a better location. And just on a quick Search, Andy, I found ones that are 28 grand total for these programs. Yeah. There's only 13.


There's 13 schools in the entire US for this profusion program. And some of them, some of them don't give you master's. If you don't get a master's, you can't teach it. Eventually those ones. I, I think you might be looking at the ones down in Texas. I'm seeing one in Iowa and upstate New York and I'm, you know, I'm not privy to all the certifications needed and if you want to teach in the future, I just, I just wouldn't get glued to one school that's the most expensive school and go, it has to be this one. It's the one I really want to Go to. That's how we start making bad decisions when we go tunnel vision. Especially when we don't have the money. Yeah. This, Or maybe it's something you can add to, like, I have made a list. Maybe you do the profusion one where you're not a teacher and then maybe it's something you can add on the credentials to be able to teach it later.


I don't know. I'm, I truly don't know. I'm just asking and suggesting. Yeah, and I, I have looked at, I've looked at some of them. I just don't have all the requirements and it would take longer and more money to get some of the requirements that some of these schools need. I see. The ones that I have looked at, Utah isn't the cheapest, but it's definitely not the most expensive. I've eliminated a whole group of them just because of their expense. Got you. Okay. We'll keep drilling down. I think George and I gave us, gave you some good things to think about. I just feel like we should pause and not right now we're getting starry-eyed and it's an exciting thing to do. But I would pause and get yourself in a good financial situation and just cash flow this and not drop your income by 70% and live in a trailer.


That wouldn't be my solution.


Hey, this is Dr. John Delony for Churchill Mortgage. Good friends, I have bought multiple homes with Churchill Mortgage because they always shoot straight with me. They tell me the truth. So let me shoot straight with you When you're getting ready to buy a home, the first step is not house hunting. It's making a plan. Don't settle for tapping a button and just talking to a bot. I want to encourage you to sit down with a guide. You can trust my friends at Churchill Mortgage. They actually see you. They actually care about you and they'll listen and learn your goals. And most importantly, they will tell you the truth. Churchill has loan experts who focus on you and your unique situation. So your journey ends with a home. That's a blessing, not a burden. Churchill Mortgage can even help you become a certified home buyer so that when the time is right and you find the right house, you are ready to make your move. I know the housing market is tough right now. I know, but you probably have more options than you think. Churchill would love to help you figure them out and they'll do it with honesty and integrity. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement N mls ID 1 5 9 1 N mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade Warshaw. The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi? Let's be real defaulted. Private student loans don't go away on their own, but Why Refi will help you explore a low fixed rate loan based on your unique circumstances. So Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey to learn more. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey may not be available in all states.


Okay. Today's question comes from Travis in Mississippi. He says, my fiance and I have been together for five years And we plan to get married this summer. But before we got engaged, I asked her to handle, to get a handle on her debt. She paid off her credit cards and told me that she was making payments on her student loans. I felt better about the situation and so I proposed, but I recently found out that she was only paying $20 a month toward her student loan debt. I also found out that other miscellaneous bills are barely being paid. If the bill is $20, she will only pay a few bucks at a time saying she doesn't have enough to pay it in full. While she constantly orders things from Amazon.


Oh my goodness. Ooh. It is becoming clear that getting on the same page doesn't seem possible. I love her, but I don't know how we get past this. Oh Man. This is for Maury Povich. This is like for, this is, well the big problem here, aside from the money, I think the bigger problem is she kind of lied about it. Right? She gave you a sense that things were going better than they were and that she was making more progress than she actually was. At least from your side of things. That's the way it sounds. So there's the one side of It is, Hey, you were not being honest with me. That feels weird. Yeah, right. Going into a marriage, some Financial infidelity here And then Yeah. Then you have the part of, hey, this girl can't manage her money.


What's going on? Being together for five years. Man, I wish this guy was on the phone because my guess is you've probably been seeing other things that reflect similar behavior. Possibly. He's probably looked past a lot of this because, you know, love is love, but he's asking us, how do I get past this? I don't know that you can, the reason you're asking us this question is because you can't get past this. Yeah. This really happened. So There's, there's two factors here. Trust and respect. You have lost both for her in over this period of time as she's laid all this out, lied to you, you've witnessed behavior. And so I think this would require some counseling.


Yeah. I would sit down and go, what's the root of this? And is it something that she can get over? Or is this just who she is and she's made it clear and you need to believe her. At that point. I would say, let's not move forward. Let's pause on the wedding. Yeah. Let's not move forward with the engagement. And that could be it. I mean, there's, you're not married yet, so if you're don't, don't feel good about it. Don't do it. Yeah. I wanna know what those conversations are like. You know, some people, they're so, they have such a scarcity mentality, right? That when the bill is due, I'm just gonna pay the bare, bare minimum. 'cause I wanna make sure I have money over here because that makes me feel safe. Like she might have some interesting safety mechanisms within her that It could be financial literacy. Yeah. She just may not know, Hey, I was on this, you know, payment based program for my student loans.


Yes. And they just said 20 bucks is what you owe. So that's what I pay with that. And I thought I'm making progress. So yeah. I don't want to, you know, read too much into it and go, well she's terrible. Yeah. Just, but I also don't wanna gloss over it. Yeah. And go, well you'll probably be fine. Just go ahead and get married. The problems will likely continue if not get worse. Yeah. And so you need to deal with it now more like Yesterday. Yeah. I would say be curious when you're talking about her, why is it that you're only paying 20? And, and get a sense of is it an internal thing for her or is it truly a cash flow thing? Does she just not have the money? Is she, is she truly broke? And, and, and then see if she's willing to do marital premarital counseling. Have you done that? If you haven't, you need to. Yeah. Yeah. This feels like it's beyond just personality differences of he's the nerd and she's the free spirit spender.


There's something deeper here. And I wouldn't continue on with this until we got to the root of it. Yeah. Give us a call, Travis. I like talking about these Ones. Let's talk through it. All Right, let's Go to the phones. Mike is in Houston. Up next. What's going on Mike? Hey guys, Thank you for taking my call. Sure. So long story short, I got, I'm four years together with my girlfriend. We have, I've got basically $20,000 in debt left. So I was wondering, should I pause so I can go ahead and cashflow proposal and later a wedding or otherwise I'd be waiting about 10 more months till I finish my baby steps. And ideally I would want to be debt free, but I don't Know, how is this proposal?


What's going on? We going Disney World, what are we thinking? No, no, I was just thinking I really wanted to put some money this, put some money aside so I can afford a ring. And then the wedding obviously will be after that. How Much are you looking to spend on a ring? It'd probably be a month's, a month's income. So it'd be about 42 to 44. Okay. And then you're probably gonna be engaged for what? A year? I would say that's safe. Okay. A year to 18 months. Okay. What's, okay, you said you make 4,200 a month. I mean, I, I would not delay a proposal for debt, but I would want to make sure that you guys are on the same page and that she understands your financial situation, you understand hers, so you're not just kind of blindly jumping into this.


I would go that far. How much money do you have in savings right now? Savings I have 3,500. Okay, good. And how much extra can you add each month to that pile? If you pause your, if you just did minimum payments on your debt. If I did minimum payments, it'd be about $2,000, $2,000 every month. Okay. So how about this? Why don't we split the difference? You make minimum payments for one month. You stack up another two grand, now you have 5,500. And we set the budget at 4,500 bucks max for this ring all in. Okay. And then get the ring and then push play on the debt snowball. And you guys can figure out cash flowing the wedding later on down the road.


Who knows? Maybe family chips in, maybe you guys go 50 50. Either way you'll have plenty of time to get outta debt in cash flow. A reasonable wedding. So not, so not even worry about the wedding later on. Just go ahead and just get the ring. Do that and knock that out. Yeah. I wouldn't delay proposing, if you're ready to marry this woman, go ahead and put a ring on it. Let her know you're serious. Otherwise, 10 months from now, she goes, it's been five years dating Mike. Paint her. Get off the ladder. Dude, I got a life to live. So I think four years is plenty of time. I'd go ahead and do it. And honestly, you could probably find a, an even cheaper ring. You don't ha nobody said you have to spend four grand except the jewelry companies. I'm saying it Jade's saying that Jade wants to bling It's a month salary.


That's fair. Sure. That's fair. That's the most I would go, I don't do This. She's been waiting five years. Well, some, some ladies like no three months salary minimum. Oh gosh. That might've been me too. I Don't know, maybe I'm old school. Maybe that's the frugal Middle Eastern in me, I think spending that much. And when you're, are you a young guy? Mike? How old are you? I'm, I'm 20, I'm 27 today actually. Okay. I like, Hey, happy day Birthday. Like one month plan. Yeah. Happy birthday As a birthday gift to yourself. Go get a ring. In fact, I would get one this month with the money you have. Like spend 2,500, see what you can get out there. And I assume she's gonna wanna say in this ring or do you feel like you know what she wants? Oh, she, she, she basically picked it out.


I just Go To go find it. And how much is it? The one that she picked out? I've given price. I, it's like a custom ring. So it's, I'm still like weird on prices. I think around 35 to 42. It just depends. Okay. Okay. So like, that's what It is. 'cause we're, we're looking at custom thing. We're looking at just like custom things as opposed to go in like the retail stores. I'm just trying to find the best spot for that. I haven't picked a place out just yet, but I love it. All Right. Maybe Etsy, you know, you don't have to go crazy. Don't get upsold at a jewelry store. What's, that's all I'm saying. What's the Diamond? That's not, it's like a manmade diamond. Boite moist night. Yeah. That's a great option too. You can't tell the difference, But you know, in your heart She'll know the difference.


But here's the key. Find a woman who doesn't care. Who goes, it's, it's, it's a beautiful ring. Who cares what kind of dime It is. I got no one to impress. There you go. That's it. But good luck, Mike. That's an exciting time. That is exciting. I feel like we Did a good deed today. We did. We we caused love to take the next step. We did, we did nothing else. Well, on the question of the day, we put the kibosh on love and then we were able to circle back around and Yeah, this is the opposite side. He's got some debt and he's like, Hey, should I wait? And we're saying no, continue. So, yeah. Oh, oh boy. Love, love is expensive people. We don't talk about that enough. Yeah, We don't. I, And now proposals have to be their own thing, you know what I mean? You gotta like rent a balance. I think as long as you have a nice ring, I am still okay with like, traditional on one knee.


Doesn't have to be a band playing in the background or you know, confetti just a nice ring. Yeah. I have not seen a correlation to the the level of, you know, pomp and circumstance. Yeah. To the actual quality and longevity of the marriage. That's, There's no, there's no, yeah. One does is not indicative of the other. But hey, make it thoughtful, make it sweet. Make her feel loved and seen. You can't go wrong there, Mike. I hope she says yes.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. You know, investing may seem complicated or confusing, but it doesn't have to be. Whether you're a complete beginner or you're looking for next level investing strategies. The Ramsey investing hub has Free Tools and information that can help you invest with confidence. So go check it out, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash investing or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


Amy is up next in Tampa. What's happening Amy? How can we help? Hey George and Jade, I'm hoping you can help me. I am $28,000 in student loan debt, $25,000 in credit card debt. I am 61 years old and I have nothing saved. And it hit me like a ton of bricks and I'm in full freak out mode. No, gosh. But I don't know what to do. Oh, I'm so sorry, Amy. So what caused the, the freak out mode? Because for, you know, about four decades, you weren't freaked out. Yeah. So what caused this turn?


My best friend died a year ago. And come to find out she had, she had had a major stroke and for some reason that made me think, oh my gosh, what if something like that were to happen to me and I have nothing saved. I mean, wow. Are you single? Yeah, nothing I have. Yeah. Okay. I'm single. And how long have you had these student loans? I went for my master's in nursing about three years ago and quit halfway because it was a ludicrous idea. So I've been paying more than the minimum since then.


But I still owe 28,000 in student loan debt. Do you have a mortgage? No, I own no property except my 14-year-old Toyota Camry. Okay, So you're renting right now in Tampa And what are you earning? Yeah, I'm a rn. I work at home and I'm making gross 78 KA year. My take home is about 4,700 a month. And how much are you paying on rent? Well, it's funny you should say that, Jade, you're so smart.


I moved from an apartment that was 1900 a month down to another one that was 1400 a month. Okay, Good. It, it includes cable, it includes internet, all of that. Good, good. So I have about $600 a month extra. But what I'm wondering is, shouldn't I take, because I'm 61, shouldn't I take some of that and invest it in a 4 0 3 IRA or a 401k just to get something going while I use the, the other half of it to pay off the Debt?


I see why you would think that. I mean, I think everybody wants that nest egg. But here's the thing, you could take that 60 and invest it, but you're still gonna have this debt. And we still have the issue of, you know, the biggest line item on your budget is variable because you're a renter. So those are the two things that give me the most pause about your situation. If I were you going in being able to enter into retirement with zero debt and at least knowing that, okay, I'm still healthy if I can bring in some money, that's great. I hate for anybody to depend on social security, but you'll have a little there. But think about what that would feel like if you still had this debt hanging around your neck. Now, if you called us at, I don't know, if you were at 81, this might be a little bit of a different call, but you're 61 years old, you still have plenty of time to earn income, pay off this debt and get yourself in a better financial footing.


Do you agree You're 61? Yes. I You got time girl. Yeah. So here, here's, let me tell you the current plan you're on Amy, and you tell me how you feel about it. You said you have 600 bucks. Okay. You can throw at the debt. Is that on top of the minimum payments? Yes. Okay. What's the minimum payments on the debt? The, well I have nine credit cards. So the total for the minimum payments is $1,492. And that's on the student loans as well? That's everything? No, the student loans are, the minimum payment is 2 97. So the total for that is 1751.


Okay. And then you said you have an extra 600 Bucks and that's not the monthly bills. Right. Okay. So you can put about 2300 towards the debt a month. That includes the minimum plus The, No, that's including the monthly bills. Yes. But I'm saying total towards debt, you have your minimum payments plus you said you have 600 bucks extra to do something with, Right? Correct. Oh yeah, yeah. So get, oh my gosh. If you follow that through 2300 bucks a month, you have 53 grand in debt, you'll be done in about two years at this rate if you throw every single dime. And that's Assuming that you I have money. Yes. So here's the thing, now we go, okay, two years. That's a long time as I wanna get investing. So now we go, cool.


How can we speed this up? Are you able to work any overtime or can you pick up any other no gigs? As an rn I have a autoimmune disorder that keeps me from being on my feet and the company I work for, which is a insurance company, won't let me work for a competitor. So, but I'm wondering, I thought about getting like a side gig as customer service rep. Yes. 'cause I work four 10 hour days. Yes. So I have three days a week that I don't have to work. Well, Lemme just show the math on it. Yes. Love that. If you could do a side gig that pays 600 bucks a month, 150 bucks a week, that's reasonable.


Right? Right. That would speed up your debt payoff down to 18 months. Oh. Do you see how I'm getting excited for Amy? Now that means 18 months from now we can begin, begin building our emergency fund. So that six months later, two years total, you're back to investing 15% of your income, which you've never done that in your life. So let's do the math on That. No, look at kill bumps. We love to hear that. So now you're six. Let's paint the picture. You're now 63 years old and you're investing 15% of your $78,000 income. Right. And that's if you don't get a raise. Well, yeah, that's true. That's about 12 grand a year. About a ou. So Jade's gonna punch the numbers in from age 63 to 73, let's say.


Okay, you invest a thousand dollars a month and you see a rate of return on average of about 10%. That's what we've seen in the US stock market. If you're investing in good mutual funds. So Jade's gonna tell us how much you have. That's at 73. So you're gonna have to work a little longer than the average person, but for a late start, let's see what your nest egg becomes. You're gonna have about a quarter million dollars in that one account. Oh my gosh. I told you it's not too Late. My gosh. Right. So that's, I mean, that's more than most people have in their retirement accounts, sadly. That's right. So Amy, even for a late start, you can make a whole lot of progress. Guys, I can't Thank you enough. I am, I am pumped. I mean, I am ready to throw money at this debt.


Yeah, you Are. We just needed a few cheerleaders. Let's get her done. Yes. You need some people in your corner. Amy, do you have anyone cheering you on in your personal life who can keep you accountable, keep you excited? My, my son. My son can Do that. How old is he? Yeah, He is 35. Love it. That's about my age. Is he financially responsible? Not at all. We have a history of financial, no financial literacy in my family. How about this? What if we make it a Competition doing well? Exactly. Oh, that's a good idea. No, you're gonna let a 61-year-old beat you. Come on. Step it up. That is a great idea. And I think if he sees me do it, he'll, he'll get pumped up as well.


I don't know if people get this excited on your show, should I? Normally They should. They need to. You know, Amy, it doesn't happen as often as you think, but what it does, it gives us great joy. We're Gonna, oh my gosh, you, I wanna give you a gift ahead. I wanna give you a gift. I wanna make sure you and your son have a copy of Total Money Makeover. Because I think that the more you dig into this, Amy, you're gonna get more and more excited. You're gonna see what's possible and that's just gonna let your fire to go even faster. So we'll make sure you have that. I we'll make sure you have the new EveryDollar so that you can do your budget in in style. I love that. And will you call us back? Oh Man. When you're debt free so we can celebrate with you. I promise. I promise.


Thank you So much. Wow, guys. So good. I'll be marking the date 18 months from now. I'm gonna, oh, wait, wait For Amy from Tampa. There she is. Yes. She's not even 63 yet. And she paid off her debt. Yes. Let that be a reminder to all of you that if you can still fog up a mirror, there is hope yet. So don't give up. I know you spent 40 years making poor decisions, not investing, hanging around with debt, but it's never too late to get out. You can still retire with dignity. You can still live a life of peace with less stress. It's available to you, but you gotta be willing. Amy was ready. She Was ready. She had the enthusiasm we need. When The student was ready, the teacher appeared and we're happy to be cheerleading her on.


So here's a plot twist. No one warns you about you budget for the big trip and you thought of everything, but then boom, you're at the airport trying to buy a phone charger that costs more than the check bag fee. Welcome to summer, the season of surprise spending and overpriced everything. But don't let it catch you slipping like some dollar store flip flops. All Right. Stay on top of your budget with the EveryDollar app. It's the easiest way to make a plan for your money and give EveryDollar a job. Basically, it's you telling your money what to do instead of wondering where it went. Like, how did I spend $40 on pistachio popsicles? Yeah, the plot twist is real. But with EveryDollar, you'll stay a step ahead. So go Download the EveryDollar app for free in the app store or Google Play today.


Live from the Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by bestselling author Jade Warshot. We're taking your calls at 8 8 8 two five five two two five. We're gonna kick this hour off with Ava in Los Angeles. What's going on? Ava? How can we help? Yes. Hi. I am trying to, to see if it's worth me possibly filing bankruptcy or just really grind it out and just keep paying debt. Mm. Give us the 4 1 1. So I make 142,000 a year. I'm a single parent.


My credit cards are about a hundred thousand dollars. I took out a home equity line of 125 to build a guest house in my backyard. Wow. My mortgage is about 4,800. Okay. I try to keep my savings between 9,000 and 12,000 because I'm terrified of going below that number. So what's about now? Now I'm at 10 and I get paid in a couple days. Okay. What, what's your average paycheck With 1 42 a year?


It's about 12,000 a month. 11 something. Oh, That's your take Home pay is 1 42. Oh, no, that's, that's my salary. So take home after pension and insurance, I net probably about 9,000. Okay. And your mortgage is a lot, almost half of that or over half of that? It's half, yeah. What's going on there? It's the heloc because that doesn't include the HELOC payment. That does not include the HELOC payment. Oh Boy. It doesn't. Oh gosh. So what got you into this very expensive home as a single parent?


My, at the time my debt to income ratio was higher because I had a lot of student loans. But since then a lot were forgiven thanks to the former president. I still have about 15,000 left in student loans that did not qualify for anything. So I, I only put about 3000, or sorry, 3% down on the house at the time. Okay. And you're in California, homes are expensive in the LA area. How many kids do you have that are living in the house? One. Okay. So, and Because it, it was because it was 3%, I have to get a PMI insurance and in order for me to get rid of that, I refinanced.


So my interest rate went up from, I think I was 3% at the time. It went up to about four nine currently. Okay. Oh Gosh. All Right. How old's your child? 11. Okay. Okay. So this is what's getting me, you're, you're terrified of having less than 12 grand of the bank account, but you're on the verge of bankruptcy with a quarter million dollars in debt. Yeah. If I had to play, which one's more terrifying? I'm going with the latter on that one. I mean, I, I, the way my credit card payments is set up is like I'm never paying every credit card at the right, at the wrong time.


And I pay more than the minimum. I am able to now set up the guest house to generate income as like, you know, a short term rental, which is gonna be great. What Was the purpose of the guest house? To generate money. And so now you're able to rent it. Have you found, when will that happen? Probably in the next couple weeks once I get everything set up and final permits and things like that through the state. Oh, permits. That could take a while. Yeah. And how are you vetting this tenant who will be renting it? I'm hoping the apps or the websites help that part. 'cause I'm also terrified of squatters, which is a huge Yeah.


Issue Do. Yeah, that's what I was gonna say. This is, there's a lot of risk here to spend 125 grand to hope to make a little bit of money. Because what's the HELOC payment? That's 1100 And that's got a fixed rate On it. That's a fixed rate? Yes. Okay. And what could you charge rent for this place In the LA market? Probably 2,500. I mean, it's brand, it'll be brand new. So that would be really competitive to get that, that amount. And if I do short term rentals, probably equal that if I, you know, do higher on the weekend. And This is like in your backyard? Yeah. How do you feel about short term rental with a kid in the house?


It's a detached garage. So, I mean, I thought about all these things getting a part-time job, which is really difficult with my work schedule. So, But you make great money. I don't think income was the problem here. Right? A lot of It is when I got the house, it sort of was a fixer upper. So the first year I spent like eight grand getting new plumbing and then I needed to get an air air conditioning that was eight grand. And then there was other issues with plumbing. So it all just really added up. And So what do you owe on the house total? Since I did the refinance, I owe about six 50.


And what's the house worth if it were to sell today? Minimum 9 85 or over 1 million. Here's my thing. It was Peak. It was peak 1.3 during the pandemic. What I'm worried about is your mortgage right now is over 50% of your take home pay. It's a lot. That's my biggest problem with this. I also wonder about, I mean, this is your life, but I wonder about the short term rental thing with a, a kid around, it feels risky. Lemme just put it like that. I'd be wondering if there's a situation where you can get in a better, a better living situation for cheaper that's not eating up all of your margin every month.


Hmm. Like a, like renting an apartment. Yeah. Majorly downsizing. I would Do that way before I would even consider bankruptcy. See, I'm scared if I get outta my house, I'll never have the chance to buy another house In la And that's not true. That's, that's, that's you living in fear. You're, you're literally trading one crazy fear for another and you're living out a crazy fear right now. And you're like, I'm fine with this. 'cause you're thinking in the future you'll never be able to have anything again, and you'll never be able to do this. And I'm like, no, let's set yourself up to where you can and you can do it the right way without all the stress and the burden that you have today. How old are you? Early forties. Early Forties. You've got time.


I feel like that's like my theme today. You've got plenty of time. Let's play this out a little bit. Let's say you sell this house for a million bucks, right? And let's say you walk away with, I don't know, three 50 out of that. What would, what would you do immediately? Well, we'd secure an apartment for you and your 11-year-old. You'd pay off the credit card debt. All Right, now you're at two 50. You'd clear the heloc I guess when you pay that off. So we'll drop that down. And now you've got $15,000 of student loans to clear. Now that still leaves you with a decent amount of money. I never even touched your 10,000 of savings.


That sounds like a way that you could start to rebuild. You still have about six figures sitting in the bank. Yeah. And then you begin to rebuild the down payment, which you're gonna do easily making 142,000 with no debt. Yes. I even thought if, even if I get a a different place, could I, I could rent the house and the guest house and still have, I would not go rent and keep your mortgage and keep the heloc and keep the debts. You need to let go of this dream. Think about this. If you cleared a thousand bucks a month from this rental of net profit, it would still take you 10 years to ROI after you spent the 125 grand to make it happen. And we're getting you free and clear plus six figures in the bank to restart.


Start. Think about it. I would sell before bankruptcy and you make it 142,000. I think you're gonna have a hard time. They're gonna force you to sell all of your assets before they let you consider it. Bankruptcy is gonna cost you thousands. It's gonna destroy your credit for the next seven years. Likely. Yeah. So this is just not a, a shortcut that you need to be exploring when you make great money and you got a way out.


Hey, what's up Dr. John Delony here. The new dates have dropped for the Money and Marriage Getaway over a Valentine's Day weekend in 2026. This is your chance to hit pause on everything in your life and reconnect with your spouse over a long weekend in Nashville, Tennessee. Me and my friend Rachel Cruz will be digging into topics like sex, money, communication, and more. This weekend is happening on February 12th through the 14th and early bird prices start at $749 per couple. But the prices will be going up soon. Get your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Buying or selling your home is a big deal and you want an expert in your corner fighting for you to find the best deal for the right price. And the RAMSEY Trusted program is the only way to find a top agent you can trust who will help make your home a blessing, not a burden. It's super easy. You can compare agent profiles, interview them, and choose the right one to work with. You can find a local Ramsey, trusted Real Estate Pro for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


Jennifer is up next in Springfield, Illinois. What's going on Jennifer? Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. So my daughter at 17 years old bought an old camper and her and her dad gutted it and turned it into a food truck. Cool. She just turned 18 and Hello? Hey. Oh yeah. Oh, sorry. She just turned 18 and It is been her first full season is doing great. Awesome. My question is, she does not wanna Go to college or, you know, pursue business and her dad and I are just having a difficult time with that decision. And do we just encourage her to keep going with this? I mean, she's an entrepreneur, obviously she's doing good, but She's got the best education out there.


It's called real life experience. There's people with business degrees that want to start a food truck and don't know how well Give us the definition of great and successful. What is she doing? How was she earning? What's it look like? So this is, this is her first season, so she does different like events and like, she'll be stationed in a town one day a week. Anyway, she makes about a thousand dollars a day. But that's, she still has to take her costs out of that. So maybe comes home with eight, six to $800 an event per Event. Okay. And how many events does she do a month? So far we're at, I mean, she's just getting started, but maybe she's done six so far this month.


Okay. And, And some in May. Of course we're in Illinois, it's cold. So you shut down in the winter, but, and she works hard other jobs. She takes other jobs. So she's a hard worker. It's just to not get educated. Is that, is that wise to be like go for it? I mean for $3,600 I think it's not worth it. Listen, I think that it's great that she's doing this. I think it's great she's doing this experience. But the way the call started, I thought that she was like rolling in the dough on this thing, but really it's just like into a really great part-time job or a really great, you know, full-time job that's at her terms.


It's not all year round. So is there a way that you can encourage her to maybe get an education that's working towards this? And maybe she does this in the summer months when she's out of school and she continue, she opens back up the food truck, that sort of thing? Yeah, we're definitely encouraging her to do that. We're like, you could pay your college completely with this job. You know? Yeah. And that's if there's something she wants to pursue that requires a degree. So I'm not a fan of just Go to college so that we can say you went to college to get a piece of paper. We have millions of people who did that and now feel like they were lied to and they're stuck paying the price with no job on the other side. Right. And so I think your daughter is, is proving what a lot of the Gen Zs are, is that there's a non-traditional path that might be upsetting to the parents.


'cause it's harder to brag about. But I would be happy to brag that my 18-year-old has a successful business and let's ride this out. Let's say she does it for a year and goes, you know what, this isn't for me. The winters were slow. Doesn't make as much as I want it. It's a lot of work. I gotta be there in person. I don't wanna delegate this. It was a fun experiment. That's a, that's okay too, but I don't think there's any rush to go. You have to Go to college today. Well, was there something she wanted to pursue and then got starry-eyed with this food truck? I, Nope. She's just always been, she started during COVID, she started making masks, made $5,000 doing that. Okay. And then went on to another make it, she's just that way.


Okay. And you know, I think the problem is she just, It is just scary to send her out into the world. Like go, I, you know, I didn't know. We are kind of from the generation where you do need a degree and that's not the case anymore, I realize. But Yeah, listen, I think I'm with George then. You know, if it wasn't, if it wasn't like she was on this track and then she had this success and it, you feel like it threw her off track. It doesn't sound like that. It sounds like she's been this way and have had an entrepreneurial spirit from a young age. And so in that case, yeah. Why not let it ride? Let it ride. And my guess is she might be a serial entrepreneur where she jumps from one thing, one thing to another, and eventually she'll land on something that really takes off.


It might be in the food world, it might be something else. But what we do know is that she knows how to make money at a very young age without a piece of paper. And so I would let her follow that passion, let her follow that thread. And then if she's 25 and decides, All Right, I'm done with that, I really wanna pursue teaching or nursing schools will always be happy to take her money at any age. That's great. Thank you. She's doing all this debt free. That's better. Yes she is. Wow. She, and she's uses the money that she makes to update her equipment. And so she's not like, she's not got a lot in savings yet. 'cause she needed better equipment. But just starting and trying to do it all with cheap stuff and then upgrade as she needed to.


So I cannot think of a better education than having her figure out how to cashflow all of this. How the p and l works, the profits, the revenues, the expenses. This is the real life application of what they're teaching in college. And if she were to go get a business degree And you gotta tell us what's her specialty like What can I get if I show up at this food truck? Yeah. She makes everything from scratch her, it's called Nourish, it's supposed, and she does little scriptures. She puts 'em on her stickers that go out and she makes like sandwiches. Amazing Drinks, sparklers. She makes smoothie bowls. Wow. Or health, try to healthy, not, you know, fried. Not like I love food. That's great.


That's so good. Yeah. And worst case, she can go work for someone else if she wants to. It sounds like she's loves the food world and there's a lot of room there for opportunity for people like her. Alright, well that's good. I'll pass that off. She'll Be released to know she doesn't have to go. Yeah. And whatever she does, we'll make her, if she's doing it, if she's doing it out of her own volition and doing it with cash, let it ride's. Great. Yeah, that's great. I'm the least worried about her. Thank you. Raised a really incredible woman. Thank you. Congratulations. Thank you so much. Well, I feel better. Yeah. I love it. And what a cool bonding experience with your dad. Like what a cool story. I know. I love to get, love that. Get the thing with your dad and, and start this business.


Especially at 18. I'm scared to see where she's gonna end up at 25. Yeah. We'll all be working for her one day. That's so, so cool. I love that. For Her. That's a, and Nashville has this a lot where I love the idea of starting with a food truck versus buying a brick and mortar restaurant. Yes. Hoping. 'cause the food world has one of the highest turnover failure rates out of any Industry. Yes. Restaurants. Yes. And so it is one of these scariest, riskiest things you can do. So starting with cash, starting small with a food truck. Those are my favorite stories. And a lot of Nashville restaurants started as a food truck. It took off. They used all the cash to start the brick and mortar business. Then they can expand to another location if they want. And growing slow is the best way to grow.


Moving At the speed of cash. It's Good. Just like that. I love it. Should we take a social question for fun? Yeah, do a social question. I love those. Do we have them? I think I have 'em. I've got 'em here somewhere. There we go. All Right. All Right. I'll let you hit me with a surprise. Let's see. I did a couple of these yesterday. Let's go with this one. It says, I love working to support my family, but is the love of earning money as evil as the love of money? What? It's, it's, this is very, that's a, That's very existential In the clouds. Yes. I feel like I need Aristotle and Socrates. Socrates here to duke this one out. I mean, so they're saying, is it bad to enjoy earning money? I think he's confusing with, if I'm, if I love earning money to support my family, do I have, is it evil?


Is it like the love of money? Well, let's play it out on the opposite side. If you don't earn money and you can't support your family, I would say that would be the evil Side. Yeah. To just not provide, when you've brought these humans into the world and Yeah. Brought a wife on board. So are you, I think the motive is important. Are you doing this out of greed? Are you not even being with your family, you're doing all this into the personal gain? Well, I'm supporting them so they should appreciate it. Even though I'm working 80 hours a week. 'cause I want to, 'cause I'm addicted to work. So I think we have to separate it. Are you addicted to work? Are you wanting the greed that comes with making more and more and more and you can't be content? Or is it truly just, Hey, I wanna support my family, I wanna make good money doing it.


I want to give 'em a great life. I see no problems there. Yeah. I think it's a question of is it self selfless or selfish? If that's the gain and if, yeah, the goalpost is constantly, constantly moving for you to get this thing. Yeah. But yeah, George, but it's, it's an important distinction. It's not that money is evil, it's the love of money. Yeah. Yeah. And that's where things like greed and pride come into play. Or that scarcity. I gotta make more. I gotta make more. It's never enough. That's when I would hit pause. Never enough Sing. I was gonna do the harmony, but I won't never. I'll spare you guys listening.


You work your butt off for your money, but your money's never going to return the favor if all you do is hope for the best. If you're ready to learn how to make your money work for you, check out the Smart Investor program. Smart investor can help you find advisors who specialize in Retirement planning, charitable giving, advanced investing strategies and more. Whatever your goals, your pro will take the time to explain your options, so you never have to invest in anything you don't understand. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. The Get Connected. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We always love a good debt-free scream on the debt-free stage in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions. We've got Robert and Angela. Welcome guys. Hi, welcome. Congratulations. You made it. Thank you. We're marking the moment today. How much debt did you pay off? $25,000. Nice. Love It. How long did it take? 28 months. Awesome. And what was the range of income during that time? It Was steady at 66,000. Cool. Good job. And where are you guys from? Series California. Wow, Okay. Quite the journey to sellbrite with us. We love that. What kind of debt was the 25? It was a few credit cards, including one that actually we owed more on than our car and a card that then died a year later.


Oh Man. With a blown head gasket. Oh Man. Oof. Okay, so how long have you guys been married? Eight years. Eight years. And you started this journey 28 months ago. So you're a few years into this thing. What caused you guys to go, we gotta do better. We gotta do something drastic. So I lost my baby sister in August of 2022. So sorry to cancer. Thank you. And while I was mourning her, we, when we went to see her, we had to put the entire trip on a credit card and it was almost like insult to injury, but I didn't know what to change to get better. And then one day I was perusing Facebook and a friend of mine made a post about how different his life was from two years before because he had paid off all of his debt and mentioned the total money makeover.


Oh. So I ordered the book on Amazon. I had to make myself read it. I would set timers, only got to like baby step three. And then I sat him down and I said, look, we need to make a change. I'm really concerned that something's gonna happen to you before I, we can get this debt paid off and I can't do this by myself. And he's like, All Right, let's go. Yeah. Robert, How'd you feel about that? Shocked. Where you just kind of like, All Right, if she says it, we're doing it. Like are you that kind of guy who was like, if, if you've, if you've got more energy than I do toward it, I'm just gonna go with it. I just Put all my faith into her. Wow. That's a good man. I know. Wow. All Right. So he's Board, you're on board, you get after it. What did that look like for you? I mean, was a big part of it budgeting or what did that look like?


Yeah, so we were doing like, he likes to say 2086 things with our money all at once. And none of it was working. So it was more about getting organized, getting on a budget. And then I was also only working part-time, so I went full-time at work, started picking up extra shifts as well and it was game on. Wow. And what like going part-time to full-time, what was causing you to go part-time? Originally I had never done that kind of work before. I'm a housekeeper in a hotel. I had never done that kind of work before and wanted to kind of get used to it, but at the same time I was like, now we need to make this change. And so it was really only one day a week difference. I went from four days to five, but then I started picking up a sixth day every so often as well. Wow. So was it kind of addictive once you got on the plan to go?


Like what else can we do? How much harder can we go? How much faster can we go? Absolutely. Wow, that's Something. And where are you guys at now? What's, what's the next thing you're doing? There's a professional goal that I have that I wanna chase after. After we're finished with baby step three. But then we wanna buy a house. Yes. I love That. Which California, that's gonna cost you a pretty penny no matter where you are. And that's the next goal. You got the baby step three under underway. Is that done? It is underway. Nowhere. About a third of the way through it. Awesome. That one can be a slog after paying off debt, which is so exciting. Yes, baby. Step three is like this is bike watching paint try. I'm just stacking the cash, but I'm so proud of you guys. And Total Money Makeover, you would say was the thing that got you on the plan?


Yes. And then I started listening to the show And you just gave Robert the Spark notes. He didn't even have to read the book. You were like, here's what we're doing. Yep. I took notes, I sat him down, I said, here's what this is, I think we need to do this. And he's like, let's go. He said, if you said it, I believe it. I'm doing it. What was the The hardest sacrifice you had to make The car, when the car died, we had bought a beater. And so driving that beater around was like, oh boy, We're still driving it. We just got It is in September. What is it? It's a 2009 Chevy A vo. Oh yeah. That's a beater. That's What's up. So is the plan to upgrade that now that you guys are dead free? Not now. Later Once you're at a baby Step three. Right. That was a trick question. Wow. You answered Correctly.


Angela, you guys, this is a woman with a plan. This is a woman on a mission. My Goodness. Don't cross Angela. Yeah, you could feel invincible. Now, did you guys have cheerleaders in your corner or was this kind of a secret thing just between the two of you? My Friends all think I'm weird. Was that before the debt-free journey or is that now after too? Both. Okay. Nothing changed though. No. Nobody in California knows who Dave RAMSEY is. Oh boy. Boy. You're spreading the word now. You got the shirt to prove it. You got the shirt and everything. Yeah. That's amazing. Well, how does it feel now that you guys are completely debt free? How do you explain the emotion to someone? Amazing. Like a load I didn't know I was carrying has been lifted. Wow. And how about you Robert? Are, is your life any different? Not really.


She's just, you're like, well she's happier now, so that's nice. Yes. Robert seems like the most even keel guy. Like we, we could be in an apocalypse and Robert would be like, ah, everything's fine. He's Happy wife, happy Life. He's like that meme. Oh, I love, He touched a lot to check me up. I love it. Well hey, we got a parting gift for you. We got two EveryDollar premium subscriptions. Good for a year. You can pass that along to someone who said you're weird. You can use them for yourself. Do what you will with it. We are so proud of you guys. Thank you. There you, Thank you. You ready to do this? Yep. Came all the way here. Might as well. Yes. Let's do it. Let's do it. Right. We got Robert and Angela from California. 25,000 paid off lot of credit cards, bunch of car loans, driving the beater car, going full-time, doing whatever it takes in 28 months making $66,000.


Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 2, 1. We're We're debt free. Woo. Alright, Another one Bites the dust. Look at that. Alright man. Even people In California, they're getting hit with it. They are. They're Starting to get rid of the message. I mean the taxes are, are killing. You might as well free up some of your money. I know that's right. That's real talk. That's, I love it. Love to. Just another story of someone else getting the job done. Yeah. I like it. 28 months thinking about that. That's not, not a long time. No, it's gonna fly by. Yeah. So do you wanna be dead free? The Time's gonna pass anyway or Do you wanna be where you are today? That's right. You get to choose.


I love it. Let's get back to the phones. Andrea is up next in Miami, Florida. What's going on Andrea? Hey, so I am just, I guess, disagreeing with my husband right now. He is active duty military and he is wanting to buy a house and sell each time we move. And I just don't think that's a smart financial decision. Well you are right my friend. So he's, he Wants to be a real estate mogul. Well, so we initially, what started this is I had $160,000. We needed a qualified expense to get it out of the investment account that it was in. We put it into this house down here in Miami. And I'm just worried about all the fees that it come with buying and selling.


Yeah. And just maybe we're not gonna be able to sell. Yeah. We, we never recommend being a long distance landlord. And especially for military folks, if you know, you're not gonna be planted there for, you know, five plus years. It is not wise to buy a home, especially in those areas. 'cause there's a lot of movement. And so those areas are not the hottest real estate markets for that reason. And so I would very, I would very much caution him against this whole plan. I don't know if he played a lot of Pokemon growing up, but he's trying to catch 'em all. That's not what you wanna do in real estate. It's two different mindsets. The mindset that you go in to a property that you're purchasing that's gonna be your primary residence is very different than the mindset that you would go in looking for a rental, looking for the area.


You know what I'm saying? So this two birds with one stone thing is a really bad idea. And all it's gonna do is, yeah, you're gonna collect a bunch of mortgages and then hope to make a spread on the rent, which there's gonna be a Lot of supply. Yeah. Think he's not so much Right. Wanting to rent. He wants to buy and then sell. And I think what a lot of other military members do, they use their VA 0% down and then essentially they're getting that basic allowance for housing and they're pocketing it instead of giving it into rent. And so then everybody thinks that they're saving that money or they're pocketing that money by putting it into a mortgage versus into a rental. Hmm. So I think they're hacking the system by doing these, this VA loan trick.


Oh, well, having 0% equity. Yeah. I think that's kind of where his mindset is. There's a lot of risk with these va VA loans. Putting nothing down, having no equity, hoping that the market shifts in your favor within two or three years. I, there's just way too much risk. And I don't want you guys calling back five years from now going, we created a nightmare. We have five properties all over the country. What do we do? We can't handle this. And then you gotta offload them, you know, for way less than you paid potentially in short sales because you need to get out. So how, How long is your average stay before you move? Well this one will sell our house. So we bought the first one down here in February and that'll be a little after Two Years.


Yeah. Yeah. I, I would, I like the rental plan or you know, something to where at least if you are buying, you're making the plan. We're not keeping these houses, we're offloading them when we move because the, the goal is not, what do we say? It's not Pokemon. You don't have to catch 'em all. Yeah, exactly. I would not be, this is not a game of monopoly and so I would caution him against it. I don't know that I can convince him, but I think Andrea can a lot of risk here.


Our scripture of the day, Proverbs 1611, a adjust balance and scales are the lord's, all the weights in the bag are his work. Margaret Thatcher said Pennies do not come from heaven. They have to be earned here on earth. Good job. Yes. Chew on that one, Jake. Yeah, she Did. We'll get it later tonight. I got it today. I got it now. It'll take me soon. It was a good one. Michael is in San Francisco up next. What's going on Michael? Yeah. Hey, Thanks for taking my call. So I've been, I am, I have been debt free for over 10 years, but I live in California and my expenses are going up. I recently had to take on some debt for some home repairs that we've been putting off for, for a long time.


I've also got more expenses coming on the home repair front and some kids on their way to college. I am based in the San Francisco Bay area. Oh gosh. My, my business is, I have my, I'm self-employed. My business is dependent upon the tech industry and there's a lot of uncertainty in that industry. Now, my projections for my business dropped by, I don't know, 30, 40, 40%. Oh boy. This year alone. And I'm not sure if I should stay in California or if I should be looking for, you know, someplace with a lower cost of living. Tell us a little bit about what you're in debt on the home repair and what that's gonna look like, finishing the repair.


And tell us a little bit about what your income is from this tech business. Sure. So I anticipate the repairs are gonna be a minimum of 30 grand And we don't have that cash. My and you asked, sorry, the revenue of the business. Yeah, My income. What's your, what's your income? What do you take home? Yeah, So yeah, so last year it was just over 200. This year it'll be, you know, maybe 1 20, 1 30. Oh wow. If, if I don't, if I don't recover, you know, the lost business. What was your best year Last year? I've been self-employed for about five years.


The first two, I invested some savings, so I had some savings invested up that kind of floated us through third year, broke even last year kind of started to break out and I was on my, on my way to a good year. But, you know, thus the, there's, there's been a squeeze on budgets in the, in the valley and, and my clients are feeling that and, and that's kind of having a repercussion back on me. Yeah, there's part of this where, you know, what's keeping you in California, it's so expensive for you, you're making good money, but I feel like you can make 120,000 in a lot of parts of the country and slowly build it back up to 200 depending on your knowhow or if you set up a business elsewhere.


What do you think is keeping you there? So I'm originally from California. I have deep family roots here. My family was, you know, my, my kids are born and raised here. I've traveled a lot. I have, you know, I've lived in the south, lived, lived overseas and you know, in addition to the family roots, I think it's just, it's either, it's either habit or yeah. You know, just kind of a personal preference. And you're married, Happily married for 18 years. Okay. And is your wife working? She works part-time. She brings in another 20. Okay. What would it look like for her to work full-time if the kids are going off to college?


Would she be willing and able? Yes. And you know, we're looking at that, but the difference is her, you know, her potential income is a fraction of mine. And when we look at the, the opportunity ahead while that, and, and the answer is yes, absolutely. She, she's putting in more hours, she's taking on more hours. And as the kids, you know, move out of the house, that'll be easier for her to do. But my potential for income, you know, exceeds the 200. In the past I've, I've, you know, made even more than that. Not obviously not self-employed. 'cause now I've got my exp you know, I've got my own expenses, my own health insurance. But our, our, our thought process generally leads towards what can I do to, you know, increase our income.


Yeah. What kind of debt are you in right now? None except for, so the roof repair had to go on a heloc, so we just refreshed our HELOCs 10 year heloc, you know, that's at 8.3. And what's the balance on that? About about 18 to 20. Okay. Because my concern is you had your best year ever last year and it still wasn't enough to cash flow the repairs. Yeah. Which tells me that it's not an income problem. And so I would obviously you live in one of, of the top three most expensive areas in the country. Yeah. And so I'm not trying to say that, you know, this is a major part of it, but is there also lifestyle spending, other things where it's just kind of that lifestyle creep, you make more, you spend more and now it's hard to backtrack?


Yeah, I'm fully aware, aware of that risk. I mean, generally we're, we're, we operate extremely frugally. So we have been in debt, been in debt in the past, none of us likes it And we worked really hard to get out of it. The, the cashflow issue for last year really had to, to do with, so I, I've been working with a, our tax preparer who was not experienced in, in handling my type of business and, you know, self-employed and scorps. So I got hit, you know, I had 20 grand in the bank, but then I got hit with a, with a big tax bill, which again leads me back to, you know, California taxes, California real estate, yeah. Expenses. So that may be a path out 'cause we can re-budget and squeeze our expenses down.


You know, I'm, I'm, now I've fixed the tax issue, but still, you know, we were just about break even. And with the loss of income, which, which again, I'm, I'm investing in my business, I'm looking to go up market, you know, I primarily work with smaller companies in the valley. I'm I'm going mid-market, you know, artificial intelligence is, is a threat. And Well, that's kind of what I wanted to ask is, is, is there feasibly a way to bring this number back up that's dropped by 40%? Or is it that AI is kind of stealing your model and you need to find new cheese? So I I think so. It, it's a little bit of both I think, I think over the next two years.


I mean, so the short answer is I believe I can absolutely get back to 200 and, and, and, and beyond. Okay. But It is gonna require me changing, you know, it's gonna require a new pipeline. It's gonna require me targeting a new market. It's gonna require me developing new services, all of which I have a high degree of confidence that I can do. Okay, That's good. That Takes, that takes, it takes time. You know, could You also go work for a company and keep this business on the side? It's, it's very alluring and I love that idea. And the, the short answer is yes except, you know, layoffs. It's, it's mostly layoffs and there's a ton of, I mean, I have more experience than most.


I've been independent for a while, which makes me, you know, more attractive. But, you know, there's, there's not a lot of, well, I have not seen a lot of hiring to date that said, you know, last couple weeks I've seen a lot of people get placed. It's just, it's just getting, you know, getting, it's, it's a little bit of a trade off of, you know, do I spend my time, my free hours, you know, that I'm not billing. Do I spend it on looking for an next client, which has the potential for a real upside, right? Or do I spend that on a job which is gonna, it's, it's a little tough for me to take, take a full-time job and keep my side business. And I, and I, I'm reluctant to do that because I've spent so many, you know, so much time and effort building.


I just don't wanna see you continue using this, you know, HELOC to go into debt to cover the repairs. If things get tight, It feels like your wife stepping in into a full-time role. Like you said, she, it's gonna be a fraction of what you're earning, but it could close that gap a little bit. So like, to your point, you can track down more leads and secure more clients to kind of grow this percentage a little bit for you. I would at least start with that action and see how that gets you guys. And then the second act, well really the first action is let's look at the budget, let's crunch our, our lifestyle way down. Then wife's going back to work full time and, and see if those two actions don't clear up enough margin for you to cash flow the rest of this project.


Is it just the roof? Is that what you're doing? You have to replace the whole roof. Yeah. And, and I mean, desperate need of a paint job. I mean, you can see the wood. So we need to, and we're, you know, we're kind of in the sun, so we need to, we need to do that. And that's gonna be another maybe six to eight. Okay. So let's force rank these things of what's most important. And then yeah, we're going through the list in cash flowing them. Obviously the things that our must haves are the ones that go first and then other things, they might be smaller projects that you can break into chunks and kind of quell that amount a little bit. But I would clear that heloc, get this emergency fund in place and cash flow the rest as you can. And that's gonna take, keeping that income up in your wife working full-time. Best of luck, Michael. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new Ramsey 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist, A quick start collection of how to get started walking the Ramsey plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money.