
Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win in your life, winning with your money, winning in your work, and winning with your relationships. That's the goal. 'cause if one of those areas isn't winning, it's affecting the others. Triple eight, Eight two, five. five two two five is the phone number. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. It's your show. So that's your phone number to jump in. Joining me today is George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman and we're here to coach you up, George. We'll take all those money and budgeting questions and I'm here to help out on that income side of things. You wanna make more money to get through the baby steps faster, feeling stuck, little lack of meaning, wanna start that business, anything related to winning your work.


I'm gonna jump in on those as well. So let's get right to it. You ready to go George? Let's do this. You got your corduroy jacket, so you, it's your favorite, your fall. You're all festive and ready to go. It's the time even though it's 80 degrees here in Nashville for some reason. Yeah. What's nice and cool in the morning. So I, I like that choice today. You look fantastic. thank you. Alan is up in Washington DC Alan How can We help? Yes. I'm would just like to discuss something with you. I'm on about baby step 11. I do a lot of financial finagling, particularly with cards. I'm unfamiliar with baby Step 11 and I. I guess most of our audience is what is baby step 11.


I understand you know that Dave and, and you are not very big at all on credit cards, but I think it is possible to pay 'em off and to make it work. I average about 5% on about, on everything that I spend. Good for you. Yeah. I bet you're getting some great rewards as well. But I wanna go back to the start of the call. What is baby step 11? How do you define that? Well, I just, it's what I'm saying is I've been through all the baby steps and So you're debt free money. You don't have a mortgage? Nothing. I'm, I'm accumulating money from our grandkids now.


Great. In the legacy phase. And you know, I have, I'm fortunate enough to have more than I need. I was a big saver and You know, I So what's your, how old are you and what's your net worth? I'm, I'm my net worth's an eight figures. I'm 82. Wow. Good for you. That's incredible. Eight figures. You're talking 10 million plus. Yeah, a little over that. Woo. How'd you do it, Alan? I mean, it's not credit card reward, let's be honest. Well, you know, I was a, a physician and that sounds like I made a lot of, lot of money.


But the most I ever met was for about five years. I got 135,000 Before. And you saved the majority of that. You invested it. I Cash out at about 80,000. So, but How do you actually get $10 million? Is it 20 years of investing? 30 years of investing? Yeah, I'm, you know, I'm, I've certainly saved a lot, probably 25% and I've invested it mostly in the stock market. I did have much of rentals when I was younger, but I don't wanna fool with that right now. Amazing. Well we can also agree the reason you are where you are is because you lived on lesson, you made and invested a big chunk for a long period of time.


Yes. Okay. And you can certainly do quite well. And, alright, so What's your question Of the things I do now as much I've heard you say, you know, that it would bother you to have a credit card because you just don't feel good about it. Actually me, I feel very good about having credit cards 'cause I gave 'em Great For you Alan. How can How, can We help you today? What's your, he's their questionnaire or is this a statement? Do you think? There's a, a role for, you know, trying to save extra money with rewards and you can also buy gift cards and, and get a substantial discount.


Okay. Alright. So there we go, George. So I think we've got our question now. No, I understand. He's saying I've done really well. What's wrong with this system of me gaming the credit card rewards? I get my rewards, I'm doing well for myself. and I would say it's a fool's errand. You can do it. Clearly you've spent a lot of time over who knows how long. You're 82 years old. If you've been doing this since you were in your twenties. We're talking 60 years, which is about when credit cards were invented. I mean, in the, in my book, breaking Free from Broke, I actually go through the history. Mm. And it wasn't until the fifties and sixties that the credit card was popularized. So he's been doing it before. It was cool. And the, the key is, as Dave would say, no one has built wealth because of credit card reward.


Can you build wealth and use your credit card and pay it off perfectly Every, every single month? Sure. But here's the deal. Ken, the stats show we have $1.28 trillion in credit card debt. Do you know how much we have in debit card debt? $0. And so when you look at the stats and where we're at as a country, I can't in good faith go tell anyone, Hey, go pick up a credit card and be like, Alan, you'll be all right. Yeah. Because they're gonna be the next caller who racks up a bunch of credit card debt trying to play a stupid game. Yeah. He's a unicorn. You are the unicorn, Alan. Yeah. and I, I aspire to be you one day. Yeah. At 82 with a eight figure net worth. But we can all agree that it wasn't because of the few thousand in credit card rewards, it didn't hurt.


You clearly have been gaming this thing thing very wisely. Been very frugal. Very shrewd. And those character traits are what caused you to become very wealthy. Not because of the credit card companies blessing you. So I just don't wanna conflate the two. And again, it's not a moral posture. You can look into where the credit card awards come from. It's not pretty. I cover that in the book as well. But you're not a bad person, Alan. And I'm cheering you on to wealth build and build a legacy. Yeah, Well stay there. Where do those rewards come from? Well, the Fed, this is again not my opinion, not a Ramsey research study. The Federal Reserve did a study and found that $15 billion a year moves from the minority areas, from the less educated, from those in poverty to those that are wealthier, that are more educated.


And so there's a clear wealth transfer happening. And again, this is not a political statement that has nothing to do with that. It's just saying this is where the rewards actually come from. Meaning Explain that. Because the, those that are less educated, those that are have less income are proportionately funding your rewards. How so? 'cause they're the ones going into debt. Exactly. Paying the 25% a PR. That's right. And then the credit card companies give you 2% as a thank you. Right. Well the credit card companies are not charities. That's not non-profits. They're making billions a year. That's right. And so it's not entirely funded by those paying interest. I'm not trying to make that argument. But when you look at the actual profits of these companies, I broke down Capital One's profits and showed you exactly how much is coming from those that paid interest in fees versus, you know, merchant transaction fees.


And it was scarily in favor of the interest in fees as where they're making their money. Of course. And so I just, again, there's one angle is not feeling good about it. He said, Hey, it doesn't feel good. And that it's not a tummy ache issue. That's just one more, you know, nail in the coffin for me to go not touching the thing. Not worth it. I'm gonna use my own money. That's what's gonna cause me to build wealth. Yeah. Would you support legislation? It's never gonna happen. But Hypothetically, I like this. Hypothetically, would you support legislation that would make credit cards illegal? Oh, you know, I personally would. Again, it won't happen 'cause we, we do live in a very debt based society and the reason the economy is the way it is, is largely because of the debt floating around all around us.


But I do, I think we'd all be in a better place if they just made it illegal to borrow money. Yes. Because I think you can make the case that it's predatory. Their credit cards are predatory. Absolutely. Well in the gamification, the psychology they use, the marketing they use. Yeah. It's really sick. When you look at the experiments they run every year on customers over 10,000. An ex Capital One manager told me that Ken, they're simply rats in a maze. And you think you won because you got to the cheese. Yeah. But really you're just a rat and someone else's experiment. Something To think about. I think it was a worthy discussion. Alan got it started for us today. Remember Alan is the minority. This is The. Ramsey, Show


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill Mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win in your work and win with your relationships. So excited. You're with us George. Kamel joins me. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. Heading into the fall. Oh boy. We're not heading into it. I feel like we're here. My goodness. You know what, tomorrow is George Halloween. Yeah. It's your first big one as a dad, isn't it? It's true. Are you taking the little one out? I hope so. You don't know how she can't even walk yet. I mean, she can't even eat candy. Yeah. So I don't know how far we'll get, but we're gonna have a good time. But you dress her up for all The pictures. A hundred percent. Yeah. What's she gonna go with? I'm not in charge of that. Couldn't tell you. Oh, Interesting. That's great. I should probably know that.


You probably should. I'm in trouble.


We'd love for you to join Rachel Cruz and the EveryDollar team for a free live training coming up Monday, November 4th at one Eastern 12 Central. That's to help you get clarity with your money. You can register for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash webinar. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash webinar. The number one way to eliminate debt is to budget. The number one way to build wealth is to budget. The number one way to get on the same page with your spouse about money is to budget. The number one way to eliminate stress in your financial life is to Budget. thank you George. I'm seeing a theme here. Thank you for paying attention. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash webinar. Rachel Cruz. We'll be doing a free live training Monday, November 4th, one Eastern 12 central time.


Christine now is on the line in Dallas, Texas. Christine How, can We help? Hi Ken George. Thanks for having me. You Bet. Boy, you are a bundle of sunshine. How can We Help? thank you. So my husband and I have a net worth close to 5 million. That explains it. All right. All right. And for the past 13 years, we've kept a spreadsheet charting every penny. Wow. We've spent in various categories. So we know how much we need to live on once we retire. Wow. Wow. You're like George's favorite. Pete. This is a, like I wanna be Christine when I grow up. We have 200 to 300,000 in our bank account at all times.


And when it builds too high, we transfer the cash to Fidelity Mutual funds. We know where we spend money, philanthropy, travel, and wine. And if anything happens, we know where to cut back. We actually eat out less than we used to before. We reached 1 million net worth. We buy used cars. And my question is, do you recommend a monthly budget for your baby steps? Millionaire. I know that's looking out the front window and I'm, we've been looking out the back window. Interesting. I like this concept. 'cause I think you guys should be buying nicer cars and I. Think you should be going to really nice dinners on on a regular. It sounds like you've been too frugal. Travel. Travel. And there's a scarcity mindset here. We travel. Do you feel like you're spending enough and giving enough and saving enough?


I just Re I just recently let us get business class tickets on the flight. Whoa kidding. Easy Now. Slow down. See, That was huge. Pump The brakes here. Wow. I feel like you're throwing money away now. No, no, no. But we fly, we fly premium economy back. We're Joking. We're actually joking. C Christine. We're kidding. We're saying you, you've earned it. Yeah. I think business class Is okay. So you're asking should I do a budget? Yes. Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Maybe you can switch the, you know, the spreadsheet lifestyle to the EveryDollar lifestyle and I think you're gonna find it far less meticulous and far more freeing. Yeah. I, I think you have know at this point what you're gonna spend. And guess what, if times get tough, we'll all get back to our spreadsheet and make sure that we're, you know, accounting for every penny here.


But every dollar's gonna help you do that. Just the same, just without the spreadsheet. And so, okay. I would, I wanna know what you're doing with a 300 grand. Why do you need that at all times in a checking account? Because I'm, me. Is it a, is it a fear thing of you think if the stock market tanks and we need money or what, because you guys aren't retirement age yet, it sounds like. Well, Because my husband's a lawyer, so we pay quarterly taxes and each quarterly this year has been 48,000. So I have to be ready to write a 48,000 check every quarter. Okay. So yeah, that's kind of the big thing. But he would have more like a hundred thousand in the account.


It's me. I'm the one who wants 53. How old Are you? 2 56. Okay. 56. Now once you're at retirement age, where you guys are maybe is work optional, then I would understand having, you know, a year or two of expenses tucked away in a high yield saving savings account. But to have 300 grand right now, it feels like you can make better use of that money by either investing it, using it toward a goal that you guys have. I'm assuming you guys have no debt, no mortgages We're, our house is worth 1.8. Woo. And it's paid for. Of course. That's the first thing we did. You guys Are incredible. So I would tone it down and go, okay, we know we need 50 grand once a quarter, but we don't need 300 grand all at once all year.


All year long. So let's tone it down to a six month emergency fund and one high yield savings. Okay, let's have another high yield savings that's accounting for the estimated quarterly taxes. Okay. Maybe it's a s sinking fund where you put in however much you need. If it's, you know, every quarter you need 50 grand, then we're talking about 15 grand a month going into that sinking fund to the high yield savings. Yeah. Because the draws are like 10,000 or even nothing one month and then 78,000 the next month. You've, That makes sense. You've got big expenses and that's where that sinking fund will come in handy. Okay. but it feels like you're leaning a little too far on the, on the fear side right now. Okay. Of what if and what if the truth is you're gonna have the money. We know the money's gonna be there.


You guys have the money in these accounts. you have money outside of retirement other than the 300 grand, like a non-retirement investment account. Yeah. We have 1.8 in the 401k, 1.8 in the house. 820 invested in Fidelity Mutual. That's Just non-retirement. The eight 20. Yeah. Okay. So think about it. Worst case you could liquidate some of that non-retirement money and you'd probably have long-term capital gains of, you know, likely 15%. Or, I don't know what, your income sounds incredibly high. What is your household income? Five 50. 5 55 50 Average. Amazing. Yeah. You guys are crushing it. And you know, we get callers that are living more lavish lifestyles with far less with debt.


And so you guys are doing great. I would encourage you to maybe increase the giving and spending arm because your savings arm, you've got the muscle there. You're right, you're right. So the EveryDollar budget will help you force you to do that. You can put a fun money line item for Christine and it sounds like you guys like to travel, you like wine. Let's increase the experiences, upgrade the cars, do it all with cash. I don't think you guys are the type to go crazy. Well, I mean, just listening to her, I, I can't even imagine times getting tough for them. 'cause no matter what would happen to them, she would be so prepared. There's a lot you can do here. When you got a $1.8 million house, 1.8 in the 401k, eight 20 in the brokerage account, I'm breathing easy.


Oh yeah. But you get the feeling she's not, You have a feeling that at any time it could all come crashing down and we've gotta be ready. I can't live in that apocalyptic mindset too long. Yeah, no, I'd go nuts. But way to go, Christine. And There's something to, you know, when a person has been tracking, spending on a spreadsheet for that long, I mean that's, that's a, there's a, a deep emotion driving that and I and, and we didn't have time, nor was it really relevant. But to tie this into the rest of the audience going, I see myself in her. There is a, there is something in her past, there just is the way that her parents treated money talked about money.


Something happened That created the scarcity mindset. Yeah, because I, I, scarcity is one thing. I mean, it's almost like she has a, a deep seated fear that things could go really bad really quickly. And I've gotta be ready. I mean, when you are talking about somebody who says at all times we have $300,000 in our checking account, we dip. I mean, I believe her, I think if she gets to 2 75, she goes, oh boy, we and I think she fills a lump in her throat to get 25 grand more in there. I really believe that. And there's something there. and I think it's important for all of us to understand how we view money comes from something in our past. And if we're gonna get outta debt and and live like no one else, we also have to, to to deal with some of those old patterns too.


Absolutely. 'cause here She is she's winning on paper. Yeah. But she doesn't feel like she's winning And Everyone, and she's winning. Everyone listening is rolling their eyes going, oh my gosh, this is a real problem. I, I get it. But it's a real problem for Christine. It is. Because there's emotion behind that. Right. She doesn't see the sheer numbers. I mean, most Americans, if we went on the street, did Man on the street and you went, oh, that'd be fun. What, what? How would you feel if you had $300,000 at all times in your checking account? People would just start laughing hysterically. Yeah. I mean that's lottery winner. I'm retiring today. That's the kind of stuff you'd hear. Right. And she's going, I don't know if it's enough. Right. A lot of scenarios I gotta account for. Yeah. But Rachel talks about this in her book, know yourself, know your Money. I'm glad you brought the money, money Classrooms. Glad brought that. So it's a great book for Christine. I'm gonna send it to you, Christine.


It might help you get to the root of this. I love that. Know yourself, know your money by our friend Rachel Cruz. Hang on the line. Christian will pick up, we'll get that to You. Yeah. Thanks for the call. Alright. Quick break. He's George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. You're listening to The. Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. October is the season for wearing costumes and masks. But let's be honest, a lot of us hide our true selves behind a mask in costumes all the time. We do this at work, we do this with our friends, with our families. We even do this with ourselves. I've been there multiple times in my life when I'm not being my true self. And it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where you can be honest with yourself so you can take off the costumes and take off the mask and learn to live an authentic life. If you're considering therapy, I want you to contact BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost. Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. George Kamel is alongside. I'm Ken Coleman. We're here for you.


Today's Ramsey show question today is sponsored by Why Refi. It's hard to make progress when you're trapped under an avalanche of defaulted private student loan debt. But Why Refi helps you dig out and get momentum with custom refinancing based on your ability to pay in a lump sum payoff option you could qualify for after 24 months. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Veronica in Texas. My husband and I were married a few months ago before the wedding. He told me he was a, a successful businessman and had a net worth of just under a million. He had stories about properties he owned farm leases and businesses he has invested in. We lived together before marriage and he rarely help with household bills using the excuse that my income can handle the regular expenses. And he would cover the big stuff when it came up naturally. Oh, now that we're legally married, he admitted his stories were lies. He doesn't have any assets and has over $150,000 in debt that he's behind on. I'm freaking out. I made plans for my business based on his promises to contribute more into our shared expenses.


I have some debt from our wedding and the slow months in my business. I'm not sure how I can keep supporting the whole household while, while he pays his debt off. Where do I go from here? I would go straight to counseling. I don't know anywhere else to go when there your relationship was built on the throne of lies. I Would go straight to the judge and I would get the marriage nulled. I think this is, It's a farce. This is a fraud. She has been defrauded. This is not a marriage problem where we wanna work out some differences. This is straight up fraud. I hope. You know, I really don't care what the audience thinks. If they think I'm wrong there. I really don't as I think this is such a fraudulent deal. This is, she's been completely duped the point of cat.


The question is Cat, it intentionally him conning her. Yes. It sounds like that's the Case based on what I'm reading, The thread and pattern of lies. I'm going the nuclear option. The studio audience seems to be halfway to me on this one. I I think, I think this is not a counseling thing. This is a fraud and this is, Nope, we're done. and I go to the judge and I tell the judge and and we get this thing nulled and then she moves on with her life now. Give him the chance to get remarried if he fixes his life. But this is, this was entered into on such deception. I just don't know how you go. Well, we should go see a therapist. I'm not knocking your answer. No, I, I think there's, I just, that was me being kind here to say, do You think I'm being outrageous?


I I don't know if there's hope for this marriage. I'll say that. I I don't think it's a marriage. I Don't think you can rebuild from that level of Yeah. You know, dishonesty and false pretenses. I, I so Veronica, I I mean James doesn't make these up. These are real emails that we get. People think Ken that we make these up for great content. No, this is just the state of America guys. I don't know what to tell you. Dark stuff. Yeah. I I wouldn't, yeah, this is done, done immediately. The fact that she had no idea is also worrisome. There was no signs that this guy was like, what is he doing all day? Well, I, I feel like the flag turned. Well, you know what? I don't wanna pile on. She's been lied to. But I think there were some signs.


I I knew where this was going. I didn't know where the email was going, but as soon as the old, he said he was worth this, but he didn't help out when we were living together. 'cause he was like, well, it's enough to live off yours. I'll handle the big stuff. I mean the, the, the detector was gone. The Farm leasing is a very specific lie. I don't know that I could even, that was not on My bingo card. Right. That he had a farm lease. This is a fraud. This is a complete Charlotte fraud. This guy might need to go to jail maybe, but he's definitely going to the courthouse. A hundred percent. Yikes. Mark is up in Greensboro, North Carolina. Mark How can We help. Hey guys. Thank you so much for what you do. I have a mostly career with a little bit of a spiritual twist to it.


I am a pastor and I also drive a truck. I've been pastoring for almost three years and when I came on, I was, I came on in a full-time position and unfortunately the church has not done well. The church has gone downhill and I had to go back to work driving a truck, which is what I did before I started pastoring. And bottom line is neither one of 'em are really working out all that great. and I just don't know what to do because the church is just continuing to struggle. and I, I'm at a point where I feel like I have to make a decision for my family because be working and I'm blessed.


I only have to work four days a week so far as driving a truck. But even doing four days a week and trying to take care of the things at the church, I feel like I'm never at home. And it's putting a lot of stress on my marriage and I my home. And so I'm, I'm in a place where I feel like I have to step down from the church, but then I feel like I'm losing all my purpose because I, I, I believe that I was called to be a pastor and so I'm just really struggling with how to move forward. Yeah. Well, I'm sorry you're going through this. This is definitely tough. I'm glad you acknowledge the calling piece. So a calling to ministry is clear, so you've gotta honor that or you really will feel miserable and, and then that's a really destructive type situation.


But you got your realities. How big was the church and how were they doing when you came on board? A few years ago When I came on board, we probably had about 30 to 35 people. and I know that sounds really small, but it is, the church is completely debt free. And so with those 30 35 people we were able to sustain, we were able to pay my full-time salary, which was what? And at that point it was 45,000. Okay. And and what is the reason for the struggling and struggling? What is struggling look like right now? Well, the reason for the initial, I call it the Exodus.


We had a bunch of people leave at once. And just to be completely honest, they chose real, they chose rich religion over the Bible. So they didn't like your preaching Tradition. Tradition. Right. But they didn't, It wasn't, well it wasn't that they didn't like my preaching, they didn't like some of my views that I began to, to be honest about and share what I thought was just a typical biblical view and I get it. No, that's what I'm saying. I'm not, they They, it didn't match up with their traditional view. So therefore they thought it was unbiblical. Right, Exactly. They didn't like your preaching. Now it doesn't, it's not about style. It just, they didn't like what you had to say and you just don't, you, you know that when you got 35 people and you lose a percentage, pick a percentage, you feel it.


Right. Right. So you've gotta acknowledge that you took a job that was not a good job to take. I I'm a pastor son. My dad pastored small churches my whole life. And those are precarious situations because when, when you have such a small flock of people whose tithes and offering pay your bills, when they leave, you're toast. Yeah. And you, you didn't have a large group to pull from anyway. So I'm not knocking your decision as much as, I'm just being honest with you. You took on a lot of risk when you decided to become a pastor of such a small church. Right. That's the reality.


So now we've gotta survive and the thing is going downhill. So you have two options. Your options are one, you go all in on the church and you start trying to get people to come to that church. But that's a lot on you. And that's not the best way to grow churches. However, you go out there and you act like a church plant. You get some support maybe from some organizations that will take care of you for a year and you try to build the thing back up. You try to build it from scratch with people that wanna hear your type of preaching. That's one option. The other option is, as you walk away from this, knowing that you're not walking away from ministry, you're walking away from this particular situation and you stay in the truck until you can make a transition or you go get another job that pays you 40 to 45,000 until you can make another transition and you join another church staff, a larger church staff, get some maturity in, in, in ministry and learn some more.


I mean, those are your two options. You gotta take care of you and your family. And that's not you walking away from the call. That's you being a good steward. Which the Bible is also clear about, but you gotta reset. I think those are your two options. So I appreciate the call. It's tough stuff George, right there. That's tough. I mean, if I'm him, I might go, can I be an associate pastor at another church that is thriving that can get me in a position to do this calling? That's Right. He's got a lot of options within ministry. Parachurch Ministries if he wants to do that. But that's like going to a new job or he stays in the truck for a while, walks away now, but he's gotta shore up his income. Or else Snell your ability to minister is, is, is, is affected.


Can't give up both right now. Yeah. So thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get outta debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. And George Kamel is alongside triple eight. Eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Let's go to Chris and Paducah, Kentucky. Chris How, can We help? Hello? Hello? Chris, you're live on The? Ramsey. Show. How can We help? Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. You bet. I was wondering, my wife and I are building what she calls our toe tag home. Your what? Home Toe tag. Toe tag. The home We're gonna die in. Okay. I'll be honest, I've never heard that before. Never. I didn't know if that was a Kentucky thing. Right. I didn't know what he was saying. I I don't know where she got it from, but that's what she calls It.


It's a little bit morbid, but I like it. It's creative. She, yeah, she's, she's kind of that way. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But anyway, we're looking to spend, or I'm wondering, is $450,000 to build this house, is that appropriate in relation to our 1.2 million net worth? So your current net worth is 1.2 million? Correct. Do You own a home now? Yes. That, that we're selling? Yes. Okay. And what's that home worth or what's your equity? I'm gonna say about three 50. We'll get out of it I think. Okay. And you wanna build a four 50?


Correct. And what's the concern? Is it too much? I mean, She is, she's fully retired. She's fully retired. I'm semi-retired. So How old are you guys? Is I'm sorry? How old are you? Two She is 68 and I AM 58. Oh, the older woman. Huh? Nice. Oh yeah. Okay. So your, your question is, as it relates to your net worth, there's no problems there. The really, the only parameter you're looking at when it comes to buying this home is can we handle the mortgage? Can it be 25% of our take home pay on a 15 year fixed rate mortgage? Is that gonna be the case?


No, I was looking to spend, just use all cash. Oh, all cash. He's getting three mortgage. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So there's no problems here. Yeah. And I'll tell you the, the stats on this, Chris, we did our millionaire study over 10,000 of them. And just as a general ballpark, we found that the millionaires, their home is made up about a third of their net worth. And so you're right on track. Okay. Okay. And Even if it was, hey, it's gonna be 50% of our net worth, but our net worth is $5 million. Well who cares? It's about can I retire with dignity? Will I have the income, you know, from my assets and my investments to replace it in order to cover my expenses in retirement? And as long as you guys are on track with your retirement goals, get as much house as you'd like.


Okay. Yeah. It's a yes. It's a yes for us. Chris. We love when it's all green lights on this show. Yeah. Oh boy. That is fun. Usually we're trying to talk someone off the ledge and we're trying to tell Chris Go for it. Yeah. He wants to pay cash. That's amazing. We're Not gonna yell at him for that. and I would Also say, if you're heading into retirement, your goal should be to not have a mortgage. Yeah. That's gonna really reduce how much you need Yeah. To cover your expenses. Yeah. That's interesting. Good place to be. Joel is up next in Knoxville, Tennessee. Joel How can We help? Yeah. I'm trying to figure out, you know, me, me and my wife have been listening to your show for a long time. We love it. thank you. We've been here a long time and we'd like to be doers, not just hearers only. Ooh. Oh. Dropping some scripture on us there.


Did you see that? That was the Words of the word. There we go. Oh Boy. But that being said, you know, we are on baby step two and trying to figure out how much we should be budgeting to put towards our, our debt snowball every month. Well the answer's simple as much as possible. Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I mean what do you need to cover your, your bare bones expenses, if we're talking grocery shopping, utilities, your housing, transportation, you know, fuel, maybe insurance or any sinking funds for, you know, maintenance repairs. So beyond that, how much can you throw at the debt every month?


So that's a good question. So I guess lemme give you a little more details even though we're on baby step two, we kind of just jumped into it. It's just, I was able to pull a thousand dollars out to get past data step one pretty fast. So I did budget getting EveryDollar out and I, I put everything in there and, and from what it looks like initially about $600 a month. However, I think there's more, you know, I think there's stuff that we can shave off that we, that we are spending right now monthly. I Think so too. Prescriptions and things like that. What's your total debt and About 70,000. A little less than that. Pretty close to it. And what's your household income?


About 110, 105,000, somewhere around there. Okay. And we found that the average person that's following this Ramsey baby steps with gazelle intensity. So they're not fooling around, they're going scorched earth only EveryDollar budget. They pay off their debt with between 18 and 24 months. So that's your good kind of ballpark to go. Okay. Based on what we're currently doing, if it's gonna take three years, we've got a problem. We need to upper income. Yeah, we need to cut our spending. But if you're telling me, you know, right now it's gonna take 600 bucks a month at 70 grand. That sounds like it's gonna take a decade. Yeah. So something's not adding up here. Okay. So Making 110 a year, why is there only 600 a month left?


That's a fantastic question. And that's, the budget will tell you that this is not a trick question. The budget will reflect, oh, we're spending $800 on eating out, we're spending $400 on Amazon and that's now we can go, all right, we need to cut this. We're both agreeing, you know, spit shake, well we're not gonna spend this money Now. Okay. So that, let me get to, I think I can clear up that a little bit. So that goes back to when I mentioned, you know, I think there's more that, that we can shave off. So, you know, previous to this we had certain allotments like, you know, spending money and so it was $200 a piece for me and wife. So that's another $400 a month. We have way too many subscriptions.


I and I have them all listed out. I I have to add 'em up to see the actual total. So I say that to say I have 600 that is currently not budgeted as far as based on last, like what we spent last month. That's where these numbers are coming from. So I have work to do to cancel some of these things and stop paying for things we've been paying. Yes. but it, And there's more you can do on number one. Are you guys doing any investing right now? I think she's paying into her 401k. We're gonna pause that. You're gonna get a few hundred bucks back easily right there. Are you getting a refund every year on your taxes? No, it's, it's basically a draw, you know. Okay. You don't really get much refund.


Have you res shopped your insurance in the past year across the board? No. So you can go do that Ramsey Solutions dot com slash coverage. We can help you save some money there and probably get you better coverage than you have. A lot of people just don't realize they're overpaying. So there's a lot of things you can do on top of cutting subscriptions. We're not eating out. Cut the fun money down to the bare minimum. What do we need to just have a, a semblance of joy to get through the next month? It's probably not 200 bucks a month a piece. We can probably make this work. Sure. With far less. So all of that combined on top of making more, which Ken can get into is gonna help you get outta debt way faster. And my goal for you guys would be two years or less. Sure. Yeah. So what can you do outside of your full-time jobs to make more overtime side hustles?


Yeah, so I have been, actually, I've worked overtime the past six weeks and the number I gave you is not counting overtime. So I, I have been getting overtime. I can't always get overtime, but when I can't I fix computers, I'm buying resell stuff that's broken dude. So yeah, You know what I would be doing, you know, I'd be telling everybody that'll listen in your social groups online, in social media, that you can do this, this, and this. From a technology standpoint, you might be surprised how many small businesses might pick you up. 'cause they don't have a true, you know, tech person. I mean here's, here's what you're doing when you start thinking through that, one of the things that I find works for me or worked for me when we were in this situation years ago was, okay, let me reverse engineer this thing and go, if I wanted to pay off all my debt in two years or one year, you just start playing with these numbers.


What would I have to do? What would I have to make or put towards the debt? And, and so if you go, okay, that's $3,000 a month to get it paid off in two years, just making this up. That's real close Ken. Now is it close? You vary. Yeah. So it's like, okay, that to me is a much easier goal than 70,000 psychologically. Yes, sure. I go, alright, if I, what do I gotta do to put three grand a month towards debt? That to me it gives me the intensity that I need and the intentionality that I need. but it feels doable. George. Now again, that's just in my weird, it puts it into Facts and reality instead of, well, I don't know how long it's gonna take or I Hope Yeah, I love that mentality.


You know what happens, engineer, what happens by The way, then you start going, oh, if I put 4,001 month away, that means I, I get there faster and oh, one month we actually got five we put towards it. That's the kind of mentality that Stacey and I most people, it's, It's faster than they think once they get going. That's exactly because they're willing to do whatever it takes. What can we give Joel to encourage him on the journey Need? I'm gonna give you breaking Free from Broke and along with that it's my book. You'll get three months of EveryDollar premium. How about that? To help you lay all this out, read the margin, his breathing room chapter, it's got tons of ideas to help you spend less and make more. Specifically. He's coming across as George Claus, but he's George Kamel. And I'm Ken Coleman and this is The Ramsey Show,


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the app store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win in your life. We want you to win in your money, win in your work, and win in your relationships. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five is the phone number if you'd like to jump in. I'm Ken Coleman George. Kamel is alongside triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. Let's go out to the west coast. Nicole is there in the Los Angeles area. Nicole How can We help today? Hi, so thanks for taking my call. You bet. I am basically a 26-year-old. I am having relationship complications due to financial issues. I racked up. I have about 130 total in debt.


About a hundred thousand of that student loans. A thousand of that's credit card. About 21 of that is auto loan and I just, I cannot get on my feet. I lived in Alaska for a bit and then I came down here with family and like I just cannot service my payments like it is. Check to check. I live with family so I don't have rent right now but I mean I'm just struggling and it's putting strains on my life and I'm gonna try not to get emotional about it, but That's okay. That's alright. I really, I really just need some help. Yeah, well listen, we got you. We're here for you and it's gonna be okay and we've helped a lot of people in your situation.


We really have. So a, it's good for you to feel this, but you're gonna be okay and we're gonna help. So tell us about, that Sounds amazing where you're at, Nicole, are you working right now? Yeah, I'm working full-time. I have an interesting field in marine biology. So you know, there's my field's kind of competitive for what it is. I am working full time. My salary right now is about 44 a year. Is that normal for your area? That's about a good starting point for my area. You know a lot of positions these days are calling for entry level. They want like your master's or PhD, which is like super unrealistic.


But that's the job market that everybody's in right now. So yeah, right now it's, it, it's a great job for where I'm at right now, honestly. Okay. Well I'll tell you this. Looking if I just seeing these numbers, it feels like a lot of car for someone making 44. It's about half your income tied up in this car. Yeah. Yeah. Gave How much is the car worth? Gave me super high. So they gave it to me at, well not gave it to me. That'd be nice. I got the car for, I think it was 23,000. It's a 2018 Subaru Forester. They gave me a stupid interest rate because I, I was in a terrible relationship before and I of course just said here, use whatever you need it for.


And destroyed my credit completely. I got myself out of the things I had in collections. So recovering my credit has been like a huge part of this journey as well. What's your, what's your car payment? 4 88 a month. What's the car worth? Could you sell it today and get, get something out of it? I think I could get 18 for it is what I found locally. Is that private party value? Yeah. Okay. How much do you have in savings if anything? I have nothing. And are you behind on any of these payments? Absolutely. Almost every single one of 'em is about to hit a 30 day mark.


So they're about to go all go to collections, student loans, the credit card, the car loan, everything. Yeah. When I moved down here I had about seven months of being jobless and because I left Alaska due to my lease ending and I couldn't find more housing, I chose to be down here with family. I tried to find a job in my field. I couldn't collect unemployment because I technically chose to leave my job. At least that's the way the government sees it. So I couldn't get any financial assistance from anything. I found a really great job, worked it for two months and then they decided that they were gonna downsize the company. So last hired, first fired.


Have You looked into an income driven repayment program for your student loans to get that payment lower? Yeah, so for my student loans, yeah, for my student loans they just knocked me down to a payment of 3 86 a month for that. And then, you know, have been keeping up with everything federally. So half my student loans are federal and then the other half's private. The private is the one that I was able to negotiate. And for my federal, they currently have a $0 repayment plan just because of my FI financial situation. Okay. And you're living with family, are they able to help at all? No.


Okay. Here's the deal. Do you need a car to get to work right now? Are you a place where there's public transportation or you could get a ride? I, yeah, I absolutely need the car. I, my work is actually about an hour and a half from home and there's not metro or bus transportation where it's at. There is that in LA but not where I work. So. Okay. The glaring thing that you can do to get out of this hole is get rid of this car, but you're gonna need the amount you're upside down on that's 3000. So you could, now it sounds like your credit's shot. So the chances of you going to your local credit union and getting a loan for let's say 8,000 and use three to get rid of the car, use five to get a beater car.


I don't know that that's gonna work out, but that's what I would attempt to do. Okay. If I was in your shoes, 'cause that'll get you outta the car payment, give you back 500 bucks a month to then help you climb out of these other ones. You can knock out the credit card debt real quick. That's a thousand bucks then all you have less left of the student loans. Right, Right. Yeah. This is really doable, Nicole. But I gotta tell you, you know what the big thing is here. You gotta go get more income that that is the, am I right George? Yeah. I don't know where she can cut. She's living with family. Well the math problem here is you, you took a hundred thousand dollars in student loans to go make 40 and so it's just a mountain to climb. Yeah, yeah it is. And you know, really I let, my parents were always the ones who were like, you have to go to college, you get a degree.


and I did and unfortunately literally my four years was during Covid. So, and I am not an online learner. and I mean I I tried and they were just like, well take out another loan. you have to get through school, take out another loan. Oh my gosh. Let me tell you Nicole, it's not all your fault. Yeah. but it is your responsibility. Yeah. and I know it feels like, gosh, all life has happened to me. That's led me here. But the part that you can take accountability for the part that you can control, that's what's gonna get you out of this. That's right. But Nicole, I just want you to see something really quick. Do you see if you added some more income and you got rid of that car payment, that you would have some room to breathe? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's the first step. We gotta get room to breathe.


'cause you're just feeling so much pressure and we get it. Okay, so room to breathe, that means more income right now for 2, 3, 5, 6, 8 months. Super intense. Let's get the car situation gone. Get the, get the payment out of your life. And George is right. The a thousand dollars credit card, that's nothing either. You knock both of those out, that's gonna bring real money. Now it's a long haul for you on the a hundred grand in the student loan debt, but it's very doable if that's the only thing you got and you got more income. Correct? Yeah. Okay then. So you came on this call overwhelmed and boy oh boy, do we understand that George, but, but Nicole, this is doable.


But you are gonna have to make more money. I'm not saying walk away from your marine biology job, but at this stage of your life, driving an hour and a half, I would change some things in my life in the short term and and it may be the job to make more money, multiple jobs. Get this thing right size so you can breathe, George. Yeah. I mean if you can go make 20 bucks an hour once you get home from your job and do that for 20 hours, I mean that would add another, what, 50% of your income back in there? 20 bucks an hour full time. That's 40 grand a year. And that's what you're making right now with your core income. So Ken's right, we gotta get the income up. There's only so much more we can do to cut the expenses. But eventually I'd love for you to move out and get closer to work if that's where you want to go.


But right now we get to clean up this little mess and get rid of the car. That's right. That's a one. Yeah. We're gonna help you out. I'm gonna send you EveryDollar Premium to help you make a plan for your money along with my book, breaking free from Broke to give you the path. We believe in you, Nicole, you got this. This is The Ramsey Show.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and riders and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr. Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone, or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity, and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xander.com for instant online quotes.


Hey folks, Dave here. If you haven't booked your cabin on the Live, Like No One Else Cruise. Now's the time because it's 90 something percent sold out. You do not want to miss joining me, the Ramsey personalities and amazing guest entertainers for the ultimate debt-free celebration. We'll be sailing the Caribbean March 22nd through the 29th, 2025, stopping at the incredible Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, and The Bahamas. Hurry to secure your spot with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is alongside AAA Eight two five five two two five is the number. Ansen is joining us in Wichita, Kansas. Andon How can We help? Hey, my name is, how's it going? Good, how are you? Oh, not too bad. So recently my grandfather passed away and he worked for Boeing and NASA for about 35 years. He was also in the United States Army, and when he passed away, when his will was read out, he left me and my two older brothers, a very hefty sum of $3 million in his will, along with equal shares of his estate in Miami.


Wow. 3 million each and I I 3 million each? Yes. Wow. and I have absolutely no idea what to do with that kind of money. I think the biggest paycheck I've ever seen was like 2,500 bucks for two weeks. And How long ago did you get it? you Have no clue what to do with it. I, I got it back in July and I don't get to touch it until I'm 21. That was part of the agreement was when I turn 21, then I get full access to the funds. How Old are you now? But I have, I'm 20. I, I turned 21 in May. Okay. Wow. And I wanna know what to do with it. I have no idea what to do. I, I wanna know, should I sit on it for, you know, 20 years and let it, you know, accumulate interest in a bank somewhere, you know, take some of it out and, and, you know, buy a house, you know, not something super huge or invest it, you know, put it in a, a rough IRA, I mean, you know what, what, what should be the next step for somebody who's 20 years old and just became a multimillionaire?


Well, number one, I would like you're doing take great pause and care with this and go, okay, I wanna make sure that I manage this wisely. This was a big legacy, a big responsibility put on my shoulders and I wanna be able to do the same thing for my grandkids one day versus squandering it. And your grandfather obviously did a great job to manage his investments wisely, allow it to grow. He, he's in real estate, he's in mutual funds, and I would encourage you to do the same over a long period of time. So I would make sure this sets you up well for success. That might mean, you know, buying a reasonable house in cash and investing the rest.


What do you wanna do? What's the, let's assume that, let's just assume for a moment that the inheritance isn't there. What were you on track to doing, or at least thinking about doing with your life? So right now, I'm a full-time diesel mechanic. I, I manage a, a diesel shop close to where I live. And about a year and a half ago I bought a used early two thousands camper trailer that I tow behind my pickup. and I was working in the oil field. And then I switched over to being diesel mechanic just to be able to stay closer to one spot. And I've been living in the trailer, my rent's 500 bucks a month. I own the trailer outright. I have no vehicle payments. I bought a $2,500 beater pickup and I traded that for my current truck that I have now.


And so I have no, I have no other payments other than, you know, my internet and my phone bill and my rent and I think I, my total monthly expenses is maybe under $2,000. Fantastic. and I was on track to saving up to go to welding trade school, but since, since about a month ago, I've been more steering down the road to just getting, going to college for my degree in diesel mechanics and getting actually a piece of paper that says, yeah, I know how to do this. And that was kind of the path I was going down. I have a, I have a personal savings before I got to inheritance of about 25, 20 $6,000 that I've been good for into, for about the last five Years. I'm gonna tell you this right now, anon, I'm not worried about you squandering this money not after the car, the caricature you just kind of painted for us.


That's fantastic. Let me ask you this, do you, on the diesel mechanic thing, did you wanna eventually open up your own shop and own your own business? Yeah, eventually, yeah. That, that would be kinda the long term goal. You know, I'd like to get some experience under somebody else's wing, you know, I've been doing it, you know, for love that, I mean, I got my first job at 14 and I was on a, a ranch working, you know, combines and, and trucks and stuff like that. So it is something that I really like to do. I like working with my hands. Yeah. So lemme ask you This, the end goal is to, yeah, have a shop. You've got plenty of money if you wanna go to college, but I, I just gotta believe that there's a shorter way for you to get that certification that, hey, I know how to do this. Am I right?


I'm assuming there's a trade school, right? For diesel mechanics, it's not a college. Yeah. And, and there is, but along with, and the only reason I I were away from a, a actual trade school is along with, you know, getting a, a degree in, you know, I could take a major in say diesel mechanics or whatever, but I could also take a minor in business. Great. Go for it. And so I can kind of knock out two birds Go for, so there's some your money right there. So based on the school that you want go to and, and you get into and whatever that costs, there's a chunk of change right there, George. So we now know kind of where he wants to go. Right. I was trying to dig that out for you A little bit. I mean, education is a great next goal and like Ken said, what's the best way to do that and the most cost effective way.


We don't need to go blow the money just 'cause we have it. And then beyond that, you're gonna have future goals. You don't need to go out and buy real estate just because you're 21 with a bunch of money. But when the time is right and you wanna buy a home for yourself or maybe for you and, and someone you meet and you get married, that's a great next goal. And to do that with cash and even if you spend 500,000, let's say between the education and the home and you get your life set up, that still leaves you with two and a half million. Right? Right. Yeah, exactly. And so if you can connect with a smart investor, pro Ramsey Solutions dot com, you need a trusted team to walk with you. One person is gonna be that investment pro. Another one would be a trusted real estate agent, another one would be a tax pro. And you can get connected with all three of those at Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on trusted services.


But let I crunch the numbers for you, Anson, to show you what this could turn into. From 21 to 61, you put two and a half million in an account. Let's say it's growth stock mutual funds, whether it's retirement or not, at a 10% rate of return, which has been the average we've seen in the stock market, that would be 134 million at 61 years old. Wow. Does that not blow your mind? Wow. Wow. I didn't even think about that. That's crazy. I feel like that's putting a smile on grandpa's face. And it's not because you're storing treasures on Earth Grave for the right reason. Think about the impact you could have in your lifetime on your family, your community, the country, right? With 134 million, you would become what's known as a philanthropist with that kind of money.


And so I want you, you, the part that's gonna be difficult is start starting to change your mindset while also keeping the same life you have. Like Ken mentioned, we're not gonna go retire tomorrow. I want you to sink your teeth into something that really puts some pep in your step. And that might mean the job that pays you 80 grand. That's great. And let this money cook and let it do its thing. And when the time is right and as you mature and get older, you're gonna have different goals for generosity and for spending. Right. Well, and I and I would say too, if you talk with the smart vest pro, put some away for retirement, but put some away for benefactor being a benefactor, for instance, let's say, because you came into all this money that you, you invest some money in about 15, 20 years from now, it's a pretty large number.


And all of a sudden you start some type of a school for maybe underprivileged kids to who are good with their hands and like with their hands to go straight from high school right into the workforce. And you have a local training program that is attached to your business. And I'm not trying to hang that on you, I'm just saying like that, that gets money Excited That you say that. It's, it's funny that you say that actually because the place that I work for actually does that. We take about five special needs kids a week from one of the local school districts. So sweet. So sweet. And we bring 'em in and we let 'em wrench on stuff. Love that. And you know, you said that because that was actually part of my, you know, if I ever did have a mechanic shop, I'd wanna have a separate, you know, place like connect with one of the school districts, get some kids out here, you know, they're wanting to be mechanics or they just wanna come.


Yeah, it's a great idea. Go around on a car for an afternoon. Yeah. and I that, that was kind of, you know, in the back of my mind and kind of go back on the, the whole spouse thing too. I've been dating the same woman for going on four years now, since we were 16 and we met in high school and I, I told her that I inherited some money, but I didn't tell her how much and I I am. I'm holding out on that only for the sheer reason because you know, I, I want to kind of have it and be sure that I have it, you know, before I think that's wise. Yeah. That'll, that'll skew the relationship when you go, oh and by the way, I just inherited $3 million.


So I think it's wise to wait even until you're married to go, Hey, I told you I inherited some money. I wanted to do this the right way. Yeah. Here's what this is, here's what my plan is to do with this. I'm managing this, you know, on behalf of, of someone else. Really. Yeah. Love that. Alright, quick break. We'll be right back. He's George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman and this is The Ramsey. Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable in field of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ Ramsey and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ Ramsey.


I think we'd all agree that it's a lot harder to run a race if you don't know where the finish line is. But nearly half of all Americans have no idea how much money they'll need to retire with dignity. If you're ready to stop hoping for the best and start planning for your future, then check out the Smart Ster program. A smart Vestor Pro can teach you everything you need to know to get in the driver's seat of your own financial future. Connect with a pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show.


I'm Ken Coleman. And George Kamel is alongside triple 8 8 2 five five two two five. Well, George, we've been talking about this for a while and I feel like it's gonna be here before we know it. I told you last time, I hope you get your sunscreen. 70 SPFI hope. I think I'm going to see if there's an 80 out there. If there's an 80, you're buying it. Gotta Protect this temple. I will tell you. Live, Like, No, One, Else Cruise. It's a thing we're setting sale on the open seas. George March 22 through 29, 20 25. This is a premium Caribbean cruise. Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, and the BAAs all on the docket. Holland America's new Sta and Dom ship is just absolutely beautiful.


The food is great. We got all kinds of great content coming your way from the Ramsey personalities. Dave Ramsey, we've got special guest Stephen Curtis Chapman, comedian Tre Kennedy world class chef man Johan and country music legend Deanna Carter. And don't forget, we've got the spa fitness center and pickleball courts where I will be daily hanging out teaching people how to play if you wanna be taught. And if you want to compete, I'll be there to compete As well. and I wouldn't dare. I wouldn't darken the door of that Court when Ken on it. That's not true. In fact, you will be out there because I recently we played, we had a a personality outing and you got out there and you improved. I improved but you still crushed me like a bug. Did you enjoy the experience other than being crushed?


Yes. I will admit it. Alright. It was fun. Coach Ken made it fun. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise or click the link in the description in the show notes. If you're listening on YouTube, excuse me, watching on YouTube and listening via your favorite podcast. We have some folks in the lobby today watching. Are any of you going on the Cruise? Any cruise or no? Any Cruisers? No. Okay. No. Oh, All right. We got one. What Lady's thinking about it? She's gonna talk to her husband. She's on the fence. On the fence. She's Trying to convince him on the fence. He doesn't look to be very enthused about it at all. At all. I don't think he's interesting. She is booked It as a surprise probably he just found out. There we go. Oh, that's awkward. Oh boy. Well, we'll talk to them during the commercial break and provide some counseling as well. Triple eight Eight two five. five two two five is the phone number.


Alexa is joining us now in Cleveland, Ohio. Alexa, How. can We help? Hi. I am getting married in March and I have some money saved up. I've been investing, I'm debt free now, but my fiance, he has some student loan debt and I was just wondering if I should use the money that I've saved up to buy a house for us or if I should just keep saving and then put it towards the debt when after we get married. Do you want the fun answer or do you want the correct answer? Probably the correct answer is what I need to hear. The correct answer would be let's keep saving knowing that we have this upcoming expense. If you knew you had to cover a broken HVAC six months from now, we're probably not gonna go blow it on a vacation.


We're probably gonna go, all right, let's save up knowing we gotta cover this hvac. It's on its way out. I would look at this debt the same way. You know, you're getting married to this person and here's the hard part. you have to grieve the dream that you were gonna buy a house on this timeline. That man, this time in 2024, I'm gonna buy the house. And now it's all right, let's clean up the mess that he made and the house will be delayed by another six months or whatever it is. And do the math. Because most likely with dual income, I assume he'll be working full-time. You'll be working full-time. Yes. Combining your incomes and then having no debt because you are able to help pay this off once you're married is going to then expedite the process to get the down payment in the emergency fund.


Okay. Have you done the math on that? I mean, yeah, we've done the math on how long it should take us to pay it off. How much debt up from ground Zero. He has 130,000. That's nothing to shake a fist at? No. And what will his income be? His income's about one 12. Okay. And what's your income? Mine's about 70. And how much do you have saved? I have about 45,000 right now. Okay. And that that would be including your emergency fund? Yes. How much do you think you'll have saved by March of 2025? Well, with wedding expenses, I'm hoping about 50. Okay. And is he gonna work on paying these loans off before the wedding?


He is working on it right now. He's putting extra money towards it. Good. Okay. So my guess is, you know, you guys are a young couple. I always advise renting for a year anyways, there's just a lot going on. The wedding alone is so stressful on top of home ownership and all the details and work that goes into that. I would just rent for a year, work on paying off the debt, save up a down payment and you'll be there in no time. Alright. All right. Well thank you. Yeah, absolutely. thank you for calling. No funny. The fun answer was gonna be just go buy a house, live your dreams. He can kick rocks. You'll deal with that later. That's not how marriage works. No, no, but George, you're not here. I'm not here to give the fun answer, unfortunately. Be very different. Show the fun That would be.


Yeah, Buy the Lamborghini. Life Is short. Yeah. Come on, train the 401k, who cares? Let's go. Who needs to retire? Leave it to chance. You only live once. Gosh, What a bizarro world that would Be. Yeah. But shockingly probably popular. That's true. People want to hear what they want to hear. That's right. We have to be the bearers of bad news. Do most of the time. Kristen is now joining us in San Antonio, Texas. Kristen How can We help? Yes, sir. I have owned my own residential cleaning business probably for the past six or seven years. And it's just myself as a sole proprietor and I absolutely love it.


It's my passion. and I do very well. And I've just come across y'all's, you know, system of things. and I have EveryDollar app really serious about budgeting. But I am kind of a little scary. I'm a, I'm about 43 years old and I do not have a 401k savings. And I'm not sure how I can do that as far as, I mean if I expand my business or do I invest it. Just wanted to run it by and see what y'all think. Give Us a little bit of the numbers there. So what are you paying yourself and then how much leftover do you have if I'm assuming that you are paying yourself out of your business account.


So, so what kind of savings do you have in the business and and what are you paying yourself? So basically what I'm doing is I am taking out for my expenses and taxes as well as my tithing of course. And so after those expenses, I, I'm about 3000 a month right now. Okay. So do you have anything stacked into your savings account for your business? No, sir. What's, where are you, what are you doing with the extra 3000 or what have you been doing with it? It's just been going to bills, honestly. We, we have some debt.


Oh, Okay. I didn't realize you had some debt. Okay. Maybe we should start there. And You said we. Okay. Is there a spouse involved? Yes, sir. Are they working full-time? Yes. Okay. So what is the household income when you file your tax return? What's that number? I would say a total of about 105. Okay. And how much of that was yours from your work? About about 40,000. Okay. And do you guys have any debt? Yes. What kind and how much? So we have some consumer debt that, we have a debt consolidation about 37,000 in that we have about a $7,000 truck that we are paying off soon.


And a house of about 250. Okay. So we'll leave the house for later. But if you're following these baby steps, your next step would not be to start investing, which I want you to do at 43, trust me. But we've gotta clean up this mess so that we have the margin to then invest. So we're not trying to do 17 things at once. So making 105. If you really got on that EveryDollar budget and you went, all right, we're gonna batten down the hatches. No fund spending, we're, we're not gonna eat out. How quickly could you pay off that? What is it, 44,000 in debt? I'm, I'm not a hundred percent sure. I think our expenses are close to about, close to about 5,000.


And you're bringing home how much Month? I'm bringing him about 3000. And he brings home about, let's say five, there's probably eight. So there's probably a few grand left over that we need to start chunking at this debt. 'cause think about it, two grand a month. That's 24 grand a year. This thing's done in less than two years. And by 45 we're now investing 15% of our household income into retirement. And you can look into a solo 401k or a SEP IRA and a Smart Investor Pro can help you with that. Jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com. Click on Trusted services when the time is right 'cause you do have a lot of options to invest as a solopreneur. He is George Campbell and I'm just thrilled to be next to him.


I'm Ken. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey Dr. John Delony Here. Data suggests people who have amazing marriages are happier and they're healthier. But in the modern world, marriage especially a deep, intimate marriage can feel impossible. And that's why I'm thrilled to announce the launch of Questions for Humans. Intimacy Edition. These cards will help you build a stronger marriage, help you learn to feel connected. And yes, there's a lot of questions about the Oh yeah, stuff. Get yours today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, or click the description if you're on YouTube or podcast.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George. Kamel is alongside triple eight, Eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Today's Ramsey Network app question is from Sydney. My husband and I have been debt free since 2019 and we work hard to be able to enjoy life and save for our future. However, my brother-in-Law, his wife and four children were evicted recently for the second time in three years. Ouch. Their parents refuse to let them stay in their home. Warning sign. Number two, staying in our home is not an option either. I told my husband I was willing to pay for them a one week stay in a hotel, but no more. He now wants us to go in half with their third brother to purchase a home so the evicted brother can move in and pay us rent.


They are not respectful of property, have no steady income. and I could see this being a disaster. How do I convince my husband this is an unwise move? Woo. By laying down some ground rules and be as firm as possible. Yeah, I assume, I assume you get a vote. Assume you gotta have a vote in this marriage. And that vote is a hard no. Yeah, I, I feel like I'd go back and go, dear husband, do you remember that point last week when I said I'd be willing to pay for a one week stay in a hotel? No more, no less. Do you recall that conversation? To which point he goes, yes, and I'd start there. This is insane. She's, she's got her head completely on her shoulders the right way.


She knows exactly what's going on. She needs to walk him through exactly what's going to happen. The Worst case scenario, they're, they're going to destroy the property, never pay rent, never pay rent, and then stay there until one of the brothers gets sick of this and goes, we have to evict them. Right? This is insanity that we're enabling the misbehavior. Yeah. And now you've got yourselves into debt and now you've created potential mortgage. Some paying that mortgage by the way the two brothers have to pay. Yeah. So this is creating, she's nailed it. This is a disaster. He's gotta wash his hands of this. and I think there's other ways to help. I wanna see them help, help them get on their feet to where they can sustain themselves instead of propping their life up.


So I guess our advice is she has to tell him all of the realities. Yes. And how they're gonna play out, not just a worst case scenario. 'cause there's a strong chance that the worst case scenario is, is gonna happen. There needs to be some boundaries put in place here. and I mean the parents of this kid, this adult who's acting like a kid won't even take him. Mom and dad said, you're not coming near our house. So that tells you a lot. Yikes. And she knows this. They're not respectful of property. There's no steady income. She sees this being a disaster. I don't know how he doesn't see that at this point. I don't either. He's choosing not to see it is the truth. Oh my goodness.


Well, thank you for all of you that are in the app. The app is The, Ramsey, Network app is, boy, it's, it's just really, really taken off. People are all over it. So I wanna point out, if you're listening to the show right now on YouTube or podcast, this is your last segment. Those of you on radio will continue on. So you gotta head over to The, Ramsey Network app to finish after this segment. 'cause we've got more calls coming your way. So you can go get the app by clicking in the link to the show notes, however you're taking in the show. And it's easy, easy, easy. And you can download it right now. So go do that.


Alright, back to the phones. Bijon in Grand Rapids, Michigan. How, can We help Jeff? Hey, how are you doing today? Doing well. Okay. So right now the main, the main problem, not a problem, but I have a house right now, it's worth about 400, 400 to about 440, I wanna say around that range, 400 to 440,000 and I took out a home equity line of credit on the house for $50,000. Now I was, we, I watched this one video about if you put the 50,000 back in on the house, it will drop the, it will make it so that you pay more on the principal and less on the interest, which is somewhat true.


I put about 40,000 on back end of the house, which the payment, which the mortgage payment stayed the same. I want to say that instead of the principal, me paying, like, it's basically only a hundred dollars difference that I pay, that I save myself, that goes towards principal versus the interest for the whole 50,000. Now the 50,000 cost, about $250 a month in interest, I have to pay about $250 a month on interest on the 50,000. And it only saved me a hundred dollars.


A hundred dollars more goes towards principal versus the interest. So in all, it's almost like I'm losing $150 for like no reason. So I'm kind of curious as to what y'all think about that because I am thinking about kind of like, I don't see myself really paying back that 50,000 anytime soon. So I'm thinking about trying to sell the house Buying. Here's, here's, okay, go how, I'll tell you how I think about this. Go back and watch this clip and just listen to yourself. You're gonna go, what have I done? This is madness. I did all these back flips in order to try to pay down the house early when I could have just paid down the house early.


So what you're describing is called velocity banking. and I know, you saw like a, a guy on Instagram being like, here's what they don't want you to know. Here's how to pay off your house early, take out a HELOC and it's gonna apply more to the print. Right? You saw this one guy and you went, all right, I guess I'll take out a heloc easy enough. And here we are spinning in circles, chasing our tail. What you could have done. And what you should do is just pay extra to the principle every single month. That's the simplest way and the the least risky way to do this, what you've done now is added risk because that heloc, if you don't pay it, they can take your house, Right? Your house is collateral. And so your goal should be to knock out this HELOC and then just put extra toward the principle to do this the right way.


And yes, on paper does velocity banking, if you play it perfectly, can you technically save a Sure. But it's, the juice ain't worth the squeeze as they say. Good. J, we've got paperwork for you today. Oh, we've got someone else piping in here. We've got, we've got some commentators on. We, this is great. You go, is that your wife's You Go ahead. No, no. Dentist's office. Oh, There we go. Go ahead. He set to Dentist Bij. John's at the dentist. I'll tell you what, he's A multitasker. I respect That. This guy, this guy's in the chair, he said about ready to go under the gas and he's getting in a quick call for some advice. Getting a lot done today, Bijan, I'm impressed. But yes, velocity banking, it remains incredibly stupid, especially when HELOC rates are as high as they are.


I mean, this could be nearly double your mortgage rate. And they're generally variable with the heloc. So for a thousand reasons, I'm out on this whole velocity banking scheme where you take out debt to pay off other debt a little bit faster. Just, hey, if you wanna pay off your mortgage, just apply extra to the principle. That's it. That's how I did it. It's how millions of others have done it. It remains to be the simplest way. And yet Ken, as humans, we try to find the most complex way. Mm. Because it sounds smarter. Yes. It feels like the more hoops we jump through, we're doing more. When in all honesty, we're we're just wasting time. You're burning calories, chasing your tail, but you're not getting any further. But I gotta respect the hustle from bij of the dentist. I actually, I want, I like Bijan a a lot.


I gotta tell you, I've tried so hard not to get the church giggle. I thought we were about 20 seconds from the Dennis's hand being in his mouth while he is talking to You. I thought, well, do you hear that? I thought, thought wife, his wife wants to pipe in, have some Commentary. He goes, it's, he goes, no, it's the dentist. And then we hear Bijan. Right before I put him on hold, he does the cryptic. Go ahead. I was waiting to hear the drill start And he's like, oh my gosh. I, I thought we were headed towards that before we knew it, you know? Yeah. Guy's getting his fillings checked out and you gotta appreciate the hustle. That warmed my heart. And here's just another life lesson here. Never take out a HELOC because you saw a 62nd video on TikTok. Yeah. Just general life advice.


Yeah. Not a wise move. Yeah. And Bijan, I hope you pay off this mortgage aggressively. I love the spirit behind it, but never think that using debt to pay off other debt faster is going to be a wise strategy. The only way to get rid of debt is to get rid of debt. And While we're on the life advice, glad he called us in the dentist chair before they gave him the laughing gas or whatever it is They did. That would've been a much more interesting call. It Really would. Oh, that's the first time ever, James. First time ever that I recall taking a call on The, Ramsey Show was someone who was at the dentist office. That, that right there. That made my day. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna lie about that. I think that that's where we, it's where we Are today.


I needed that this hour. And if you wanna catch the rest of The, Ramsey Show, it's happening over on The Ramsey Network app. Yeah. So go to your app store or go to the show notes. You can download The Ramsey Network app for free. There could be more dentist calls in hour three because We don't know, we could have somebody calling us from the zoo. We don't know. You just don't know. It's a show. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.