
Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win in your life. We're gonna help you win with your money, win in your work, and win with your relationships. The phone number to jump in is triple eight, Eight two five five two two five. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell joins me on this momentous day America votes, or in Georgia's case, and millions of people, they've already voted early votes. So, And you are, from what I understand, you're big on voting on election Day. Yeah. I'm a traditionalist. I like to wake up on this day knowing that I've got a civic duty to perform. I respect that. A little circumstance.


It's kind of the way I roll, as you Know. Yeah. Christmas isn't the same when you open your gifts five days early. That's right. You know, interesting you say that. I don't like to open up gifts on Christmas Eve. Very traditional stuff. Yeah. I like to wait, you know, so I respect it. But I'll tell you what we what, it doesn't matter who wins today. 'cause we'll be here tomorrow and the next day. And the next day we'll help you win with your money no matter who's in the White House. So, calm yourself. You got your money. Questions. George. SI feel like if they're listening to the show today, they're doing pretty good. Right? Oh, really? You know what I mean? Like, mentally you're doing pretty good if you're not glued to headlines and instead you're listening to us. That tells me something about how your life is going. how are you doing right now?


I'm doing great. You seem to be a, you're, you, you're, you're a self-admitted an anxious person. That's true. Are You anxious About the more anxious other people get? The calmer I get. 'cause I go, oh gosh, I guess I'm not that anxious. Okay. Yeah, that's kind of interesting. That's where I Compare. All right, Well, we're calm, we're clear here today to help you win in those areas. Let's go. Cynthia is joining us in Tallahassee, Florida. Cynthia How, can We help today? Hi, Cynthia's. Hi. Sorry. Thanks for having me. I'm kind of nervous. You're Doing great. Okay. I feel like I'm stuck. I, I am here in Florida. I'm originally from Texas. I moved to Florida in 2013 to help my parents.


They were, you know, aging. So I wanted to be closer to them. Subsequently got married, we bought a house in 2017, and then both of our houses, my parents' house and my house got damaged by the hurricane Michael in 2018. It took us three years to get both of the houses back together. And, you know, with the help of my husband, he was able to help us get it repaired, which was an ordeal that I never wanna go through again. My question is this, I don't want to live in Florida anymore, but my parents are elderly. My husband passed away two years ago, so I don't have him to help me anymore. I'm a full-time caregiver to them.


I have a full-time job. Should I sell my house to kind of get that burden off of me? The responsibility of having two houses caregiver, full-time job is a bit overwhelming. If I sell my house, I'm thinking of renting until I can convince them to go back to Texas. Or, you know, God forbid, until they pass away. Which, you know, none of us know how long we have. But is it a good idea to at least get rid of my house, bank the money, put it in CDs, and then just rent and not have to think about, well, if another hurricane comes, at least I won't be responsible for that house or two houses again.


What's going on with the other house? Oh, that's my parents' house. They're, they're living in that house. But you own it completely upstairs. Is there a mortgage on it? No, they own it completely. Oh, So you don't have two houses? No. You keep saying, saying own Their house. No, I Think she means she's responsible for her parents. She's kind of their chief caregiver. Yeah. And you would rent. That's right. Would it make sense for you to just move into the parent's house if you are the caregiver? It would be difficult and be more stressful. Okay. I mean, I see no problem with you selling this house and renting. Now we gotta look at the long-term future of you becoming a homeowner again to reduce your largest fixed expense as you enter into your retirement years, especially.


But right now, you've, you've been through a lot, Cynthia. Yes. I mean, between the damage to the house, the passing of your husband, have you had time to even grieve all this? Or you've just been in survival mode, taking care of mom and dad Survival mode. You know, covid hit, we got, mom got covid really bad. It was horrible. And my husband passed away and she had a major blood clot and she had a stroke and it's just been, That's heavy. It's been biblical. So sorry for you. That's, that's so, thank you. So sad. But I'm blessed. I am blessed. I'm blessed. What would it look like to rent? What's it gonna cost versus your current mortgage payment?


Can you financially handle it? I'm, yes. I'm looking at apartments that are around 2000 a month. Okay. And what's your take home pay every month Around 5,000. Are you working full time? I am. Okay. And did your husband have life insurance? Do you have any other assets? He had a small amount of life insurance. I, I do have an emergency fund. I have about 50,000 in savings. Good.


Maybe about, I carry five in checking card. Do you have any debt? One other than the mortgage? I have one credit card that has about $900 balance on it. Remind us again, what will you make stand to make on this house? If you sell it, what will you clear? I'm thinking around 200,000. And you would just put that in a high yield savings account? Yeah, I would, for a Year or so, I Would put it someplace where, where it would draw interest, but be safe. I was thinking CDs haven't really gone that far with it, but, you know, well, Your high yield savings account will have competitive rates while keeping it very safe.


It's FDIC insured and so it's not gonna disappear. You're not investing this money and it'll just help it grow with, you know, sort of the pace of inflation. If you're talking about 4% right now, is what the rates are at. I, you know, Cynthia, I don't know George, what you think about this. I don't like the fact that her rent's almost half of her take home pay and, but yet I understand she wants to kind of get outta this house. I wonder if buying a condo or something that's Much to get her payment lower, Get your payment lower, less expensive, not have to worry about, you know, like a single unit house in any kind of storm stuff, you know, be a part of something. Have you thought through that? You understand our concern about your rent being almost half of your take home?


Yes, I am concerned about that as well. What about my idea? There might be a better version of my idea, but what do you think of my idea of buying something much, much smaller, maybe more of a, not not a single unit home? It's not a bad idea. I don't know the availability in my area. I've not researched it, but I'm, I'm willing to do some research on that. I think it's worth kicking the tires, don't you? Absolutely. Because what would your ideal number be to pay rent? What would be Ideal? Oh, if I could be at 1500 or less would be awesome. Yeah, I, I, That's what I'd be aiming for. What's your mortgage payment now?


Around 1500, but I send in a little extra every month to towards the principal. So I pay about 18, 18 50. Okay. What's left on the mortgage? 1 66. Okay. Yeah, I would do some more homework, but either way, you know, you're gonna be okay. But again, we just don't want too much of your world being eaten up by that rent to where you can't accomplish other financial goals. And then you have a new version of stress, which is financial stress. Yeah. So I think we're gonna have to do some homework. I mean, you're, it's a rock and a hard place here and I hope it's just a season for you and we can get you to smoother ground soon. Yeah, So sorry Cynthia, for all of the storms you've been through, but it seems like you've got a really great attitude and, and that's what it takes to walk through these times of pain and, and come out on the other side.


So thank you for sharing your story and time with us. Quick break. He's George Campbell. I'm Ken Coleman. This is The Ramsey Show.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr. Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xander.com for instant online quotes.


Welcome back America. Thrilled to have you with us. How you doing out there? How you feeling? It's a big day today I think. Isn't it? Something going On? Lot of emotions today. Something going on today. I don't know what's going on. I gotta check the calendar. It's national something day, isn't it Something? What is it? What do they call it? Election day? It's, is it called National Election Day? No, I was just poking fun at the fact that now we have a national something day every day. You know, We had like a cybersecurity awareness month, so I feel like we're, we've lost the Plot here. Yeah, we've lost the plot.


Tell you what we haven't, we haven't done too much about. And that's celebrating Christmas. That's something we can say. It's nice. We're moving into Christmas and that says to me, and we've got some notes here, once again, Ramsey with the amazing deals around Christmas time. We call it the 50 days with Christmas deals. 50 days, George, that's A lot of Days. That's a lot of days. So whether you're shopping for yourself or maybe you're looking for the perfect gift this year, the gift that keeps on giving, if you can tell me what movie that's from, you get a bonus point. Oh Boy. The gift that keeps on giving Christmas vacation. You Got it. Very well done. George sticker for you. Send me To trivia. James will get that for you later. You can get up to 30% off on our best selling products. That's what you're gonna get in the 50 days of Christmas deals. Break your fee from broke. Hello? There you Go. That's right on sale for the first time ever. Yeah, because it's now, it's now reached its capacity of new book status and now Almost there. We decided to just let it go release in January. Yeah, we're putting it on sale for the first time. Yeah, For our Christmas deals. How about the, how about the get clear assessment, the very popular tool that we created to help you figure out what's that right place on the bus, right, right. Seat on the bus. How can I do work that I'm really good at and I get paid? Well those are just two examples of some of our bestselling products. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or click the link in the show notes. Do you folks know that? The show notes it? It's kinda like being under the Christmas tree. You get to the show notes, George, and it's like seeing Christmas tree on Christmas morning. I never Thought about it like that. Lots of good things. Every show has a few gif in it in the show notes. You gotta go to find out what's in that description. So there you go. thank you for that. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. Oh you're there. Or just go to the show notes and we make it easier for you. You don't have to remember all the links. George wants a link. You don't need a link, you don't what you need. Show notes. There it is.


Alright, let's go to Rob in Los Angeles, California. Rob How, can We help? Yes. Hi, how's it going? Pleasure speaking with you guys. You bet. Yeah. Wonderful. So the situation here is, you know, I've been with my current company, I work in finance, I've been with some going on about going on 12 years in June. So about 11 and a half years right now. and I have two different paths that I can go at the current moment. But I have a little bit of a dilemma trying to figure out which, which way to go. So in my current role I'm doing, I'm doing pretty well and I'm making, you know, enough money to be happy and comfortable and I can go into my next role, which would kind of be a step up in a different division in my company, which would be a situation where I'd work with, be doing a similar thing but working with larger clientele, which potentially can get me, you know, give me a 20, 30%, you know, pay increase.


Or my other situation is that I can stay in my current role and potentially move into leadership with my current company. And the situation there is, you know, I would potentially make a little bit less doing, doing that compared to what I'm doing now as the leadership role is more of a base salary position with an annual bonus at the end of the year. And my current role is I'm more on the kind of the sales arm and I'm doing really well with the sales part of my job. So going into leadership I might make a little bit less upfront. However, what I'm struggling with is if I move into leadership over the course of my lifetime, right, my total lifetime earnings might be higher.


So it put me down that career track where I can move into, you know, leadership and then potentially, you know, to an executive role and make more later on. So I'm just trying to figure out what to do and to throw another curve ball into the mix is that I've only been in my current role with my company for about 11 months out of the, you know, you know, 11, 12 years I've been at my current company. So just trying to figure out which direction to go and, and yeah. Well which one do you want? Well, I think I'd like to go into leadership more than anything, but I would be potentially taking a pay cut. That's the, How much of a pay cut?


Potentially 80 to a hundred thousand dollars. Whoa. And this is with your current company, they've offered you this role? They haven't offered me the role in, in writing, so I applied for it and what they told me is, you know, you know you're doing a good job. We can, we can see you doing it, but we're not going to give it to you right now. So what they're going to do is there's an opportunity for me with another leader in the company who's going to be, they're not going to be around, let's put it that way. I don't wanna give out too much information, but they're not going to be around for seven, eight months. And what they're planning to do is let me take over for that person while They're drive. That's the, and that's the first thing you gave us, you gave us two options. Is that the, the first option you just told me about?


Yeah, that's the leadership track. The other one would basically just be continuing to do sales in my company. Both larger clients and I think I would make more money for the next few years staying on the sales side. But I think over the next 10 years I would make more in leadership If I went that. Yeah, I think that's right. But I don't like the idea of you taking an 80 to a hundred thousand dollars pay cut for that. There's other ways to get into leadership and Yeah, and it's been my experience just observing, taking literally over 10,000 calls on The, Ken, Coleman, Show and feels like half of 'em were these kind of questions. If you eventually wanted to want to get into leadership, you will have an opportunity to get into leadership and here's how it works in the American workforce.


You keep getting promoted because you're doing a good job and eventually promote you into leadership. So I don't like the idea of you kicking the tires for what it sounds like seven to eight months as a tryout. And even if you win the tryout, your reward is a 80 to a hundred thousand dollars pay cut. If I'm a leader in your company, I would look at you and go, Rob, I don't, I'm not gonna give you this job. 'cause this is dumb. Yeah. So for that reason, George, tell him that I'm out For those reasons. I'm out. Yeah. What are you, what are you making right now, Rob?


What's the total comp? What, what'd you make last year or in this past 12 months? Last year total was around two 50 and this year it'll probably be around two 80. And if you take the the new sales job with bigger clientele, you're saying you're gonna make 300, 3 50, 400 Potentially. Yeah. I mean, so I, I've built up a pretty good system doing what I'm doing now, moving into this next, you know, larger sales role, doing what I'm doing. But leadership, you're saying they'd pay you like a two 50 base and maybe some bonus on top of that? No, it's Less than two 50. What Are we talking? No, I think I, I think it's, I think it's more like 1 50, 180 base plus a discretionary bonus at the end of the year.


and I have no idea, you know, what that would be. Yeah, I doubt that bonus is gonna be a total comp. It's called discretionary. I don't like discretionary bonuses. I like bonuses based on percentages and things that we agree to. So Yeah, I'm with Ken on this. I wouldn't take this giant pay cut. No. Rob, do you not see a ladder by you taking this bump in sales, bigger clients, bigger responsibility, bigger paycheck? Do you not see that that's gonna lead to opportunities to lead whether in your company or outside? I mean, I, yeah, I suppose I do. I suppose I do. Yeah. I mean I, I do see an opportunity to to do that. I just don't know when to take that, how to take that leap because I think, you Know, it's not a leap.


It's not a leap. Yeah. I can see you're still struggling with this 'cause you're a guy who really wants to lead people you wanna Lead. Yes. IIII do. Yes. I know I do want to lead it. I I know I with the money and I think that's great because not a lot of people who take leadership positions want to lead. They just get pushed into it. That's what's wrong with corporate America is if you're really good at sales, they go great, you're gonna be a sales leader. Yeah. And you're like, I don't wanna lead people. I just wanna sell. You wanna lead. Yeah. And for that reason Rob, there will be no shortage of opportunities for you to lead. I think you think that you're gonna pass up on an opportunity to lead that will never come back to you. That'll never come back to you. and I gotta tell you man, you keep performing in a sales role.


It's like showing up at the train station. Here's what I can guarantee you, George. A train will show up. So yeah, Rob, no, please don't get impatient here. Take the bump. It's a bump in every way. Influence, income and opportunity. Take the, the new sales kick, it'll turn into the leadership influence that you want. You're a good guy Rob. Trust me on this one. I'm older than you. Unfortunately. This is The Ramsey Show


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill Mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is alongside and we are here for you today to help you continue to win in life no matter who wins at the polls today. So a good reminder. There you go. Vincent is going to be the next caller here in Colorado Springs. Colorado. Vincent How can We help. Hey guys, huge fan. My wife and I are based step seven and we areq coordinators, but Wow. And thank you. Oh of course we are taking a break this year 'cause we're having another baby, so Oh, congratulations. Thank you. This is a really a future estate question.


Now let me explain. My brother and his family have completely cut off contact with my parents and now with me and my family and they've given me the power of attorney, et cetera to deal with their estate once that time comes. And here's the tricky part though. My parents bought and paid for my brother's house almost 20 years ago and still own it and are still paying for taxes and insurance, et cetera. They didn't buy me a house, which is not a big problem. But my parents won't give more, much more direction other than he gets the house. and I would inherit inherit their house upon their death. But my parents have a rental I'd like to have that's not in the will.


My question is, how do I make these decisions from a moral and financial standpoint if they won't gimme direction and my brother's basically on AWOL from the family. Well, I think it's pretty simple. The stuff that they're not giving you direction on, you sit down with 'em and go Mom and dad, th this is not fair to me for you to put me in charge of executing on your will and having some things that need to be dealt with upon your passing that aren't specifically laid out in the will. So please do so And whatever isn't clear, I'm going to just use my best judgment on and you're, you know. Yeah. Then there's no moral problem. If you bring it up to them and they don't make these changes to George's point, then you do what it is you think is right.


But I think this is just a sit down conversation. Is there some reason why this hasn't happened or why you haven't gone this route? I have spoken to them about, I need some more direction. This needs to be out in the air and I can't get any, any progress with that Then don't worry about it. Have you done, have you done all that you can do on this? From my standpoint, I believe so. I just don't like the pressure. There's no pressure of When No pressure. It happens. The pressure, I'm getting some undertones here that you're resentful towards your brother. Number one for cutting off all contact number two for being financially irresponsible and then somehow benefiting from it all with mom and dad funding his life and buying his house.


Am I incorrect? That's a true, I would be, I feel I'm resentful toward him, you know, putting myself in your shoes. I think I'm more mad about it than, than than Vincent is. So I are is what you're saying. Hey, I don't want him to get the house, but that's what they're wanting. and I have to follow their wishes. I'm okay. I think with him getting the house, they already bought him. I don't want to deal with that. But you're saying he shouldn't get other things Right? I think it's the rental. I think it's the rental. Unless you're not telling us what else is unclear. But one thing we know is unclear is we don't know who gets the rental upon their death. Correct. And You want it And I just don't want that to go through courts.


I don't want it to go through all the things if it's not in the will. I agree. Again, I think you stay on 'em about it to the point that two, one of two things is gonna happen. Either they're going to deal with it because you keep pestering them about it or they go, okay, you're no longer involved and then you go, then it's not my problem. But you need closure on it. Closure. And so you need to drive for closure. Okay. To be unclear as to be unkind we like to say. And so we need clarity here. Do you agree, George? If I not absolutely. I mean you need to go say put the rental in the will. I would have the will out going, all right, we're gonna update this now. Maybe it's in the, the presence of an estate attorney where you go, Hey, we're gonna knock this thing out once and for all and make sure that the i's are dotted, the T's are crossed and say that is my job as power of attorney.


This is what I've been tasked with and you're not allowing me to do this job properly until we get all the details out there. And then you can make suggestions and say, here's my suggestion. Clearly brother has not been financially responsible, he has cut all ties and therefore I believe it makes the most sense for me to acquire the rental. He can keep his house, he can keep what he's got going on, but we should not give him any more to manage. That would be unwise. Would you agree? I would agree. Then lay it out there. Appreciate that. Lay it out there along with the boundary of guys either take care of this or take me off the situation. I don't wanna be stuck with this. I do not wanna go to court after your death because you didn't put everything, all of your assets in the will.


That's just in incredibly insensitive and you're putting me in a tough situation. I I just, I would just hold firm on that. Okay. Yeah. Appreciate The call. It's far more relational than it is a, a tactical thing. 'cause it sounds like mom and dad still love the, you know, they love their son even if he has been misbehaving and the other brother says, I don't want to enable and incentivize this poor behavior by giving him more to manage. And Yes, but I also think the biggest contention, George, is that he, he doesn't want to go to court. He doesn't wanna fight his brother over this Asset. He doesn't want it to be messy. That's Not been stipulated in the will and he doesn't wanna deal with that. I think this, I think he's just exhausted from whatever this drama is.


I think that's the driving force. Cool. and I understand that things like mom and dad might be kicking this can down the road 'cause they're not ready to decide. They're not ready to deal with it either. Michelle is up in Seattle, Washington. Michelle How can We help. Hey there, thanks so much for taking my call and thanks for doing what you guys do. I really appreciate. thank You. How. can We help today? Hello? Did we lose you? Are You there? Oh, it sounds like you're, we're in a tunnel. Michelle are you, are you talking to your phone? Oh shoot, just flipped over. Okay, there we go. Now I have you. Alright, Can you hear me? Yes, yes. Hey, thanks for doing what you do and being there for all of us. I really appreciate it. Yeah, no problem.


What's going on? Well I'm nearing the end of my divorce and I owe my ex 226,000 to buy the house. Whoa. Currently we owe No, no this is a good thing. There's lots of equity in it. Currently we owe 24,000 on the house and my question mainly is I'm 55, I have plenty of money in my 401k to pull out money to pay him off. But tax wise, tax implications, I don't know if that's my best choice. Should I pull the money out of my 401k or should I just refi? Can you do a cash out refi? Yes I could. That would be a better option than taking the money outta your 401k mathematically and for your future.


Okay. Can you afford the payment if you do a cash out refi? Yes. I can I make about 10 to 12,000? 10,000 very conservatively a month. Okay. And what do you think the payment would be if you did the cash out refi? Probably 1900 to 2200 a month. So we're talking 20% of your take home pay? Yes. That's Way better. That's way better A house payment. I know, but I also don't want you to pay a 35% tax to rob your retirement and unplug all the future growth. You pop that in a calculator and you'll be like, oh my gosh, okay. Yeah, let's not lose a million dollars by doing, making this move happen.


So the cash out refi is the, you know, sort of the, the least evil of the options. It's still not fun, but that's what we would recommend in a divorce situation. Okay, Well and guess what? You're probably gonna knock it out pretty fast here. You know, I think I will. I'm pretty disciplined and alright And you wanna keep the house, the Interest rates are killing me. Yes, I do. Nine. Well, the way you're gonna pay it off, truthfully, Michelle, if you cra if you crunch the numbers on this as aggressively as you're gonna pay this down, making an extra payment or three every month, this thing's gonna get knocked out so fast that the interest is really not gonna be, it's gonna be a nothing burger at the end of the day when you own this house free and clear and you didn't touch your nest egg.


Okay. Alright. Just curious. I really appreciate you guys and your Real quick, we only got about 40 seconds, but I'm curious, what do you, what is your 401k nest egg? What is that? Eight 50 in my main one and 50,000 in my other. Yeah. And how old are you? 55. Yeah, Unplugging a quarter million dollars and taking a 30 plus percent tax hit. No way. You are gonna be set. Okay. You just leave that money alone, you are going to be a very happy lady. Okay. Yeah. And so I can just rent my little guest house out for income to help me pay extra on the Plan. There we go. George's favorite words, he likes that. What's the word? Well, You're either always like she get a roommate or rent your thing out.


I love That. So she's getting creative That that means that mortgage payment isn't gonna be that much when you look at your total budget, bring It home, 10 grand. She's gonna be making double triple payments on this thing. It'll be gone in a few years. I'm wondering what she can get for that little guest house. I bet you it's close to the number of her mortgage payment here. So a hundred percent. So I like that. Alright, quick break and we'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. When you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt for example, it might seem weird at first and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird if that means you're doing things intentionally, including how you spend your healthcare dollars. And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM isn't health insurance. They're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom programs. Start as low as $98 a month, find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. So we always have live audience that come to the lobby here at Ramsey Solutions and and they watch the show, list the show and we go out during breaks and say hi and take pictures. And we just met an awesome guy named Clark. And Clark brought us gifts and there they are. That's me and George. These are custom Funko pops, which I was explaining to Ken. It's a very popular yeah. Figurine brand, which I was unaware of what Funko pops were until moments ago.


And now I'm glad I know about 'em. And he also brought a themed candle for you, George and I feel like's sick. You gotta explain that. It smells like horse girl energy. So if you remember my famous call where I told a girl to sell her horse and other unkind things and it literally, somehow the candle smells like I'm in a barn for good and and for bad. I, I smelled it. It's, it's wonderfully done. So thank you Clark. You're very thoughtful, amazing work. Very fun. And so they're gonna sit here and the hair is on point. I just gotta say, yeah, he's, he's nails got some really nail. He's got, he's got your hair. He is got my hair down. He's, he's got this glasses, the denim jackets. I'm known for a paper crinkle and he's got that and I'm known, known for my iced coffee.


And you got your iced coffee, so nailed it Clark. Very fun. So those are gonna sit there during the show. In fact, we talked about every time we coast together we may bring those in. I think it they have to be staples on the desk. Becausecause. We need our own custom desk ornaments when we were together. Fantastic. So there you go. A new tradition has started. Alright, speaking of traditions, George, you know I like when you talk nerdy, you do, like when I talk nerdy to you and today's, what are you gonna talk segment? I'm told you're gonna talk nerdy to me. What, what is the topic I can think of anything nerdier than the s and p 500. Oh, standard and poor baby. That is if you know, you know. Yeah, well said. So we hear about this term all the time in the news. They, the s and p 500, a lot of people's eyes glaze over.


So I'm gonna give you the talk nerdy to me, kind of put the cookies on the floor for everyone listening because we do talk about it a lot. And it's important for you to understand. Not the floor, maybe the bottom shelf. Bottom shelf. Nobody wants to eat cookies That have been on the floor. Five second rule. Yeah. Alright, so the s and p 500 is an index that measures the top 500 companies and how they perform and standard and poor. That's who's running this thing. And so an index fund, when you think about it, Ken, we talk about mutual funds a lot. We're talking about a giant group of stocks pool together. Investors pool their money to purchase these funds and shares. And so an index fund is a type of mutual fund that buys stock in these 500 companies. And when we think about mutual funds, we have the actively managed, professionally managed funds that we talk about a lot on the show.


You work with a smart investor pro and an investing professional. They purchase the funds for you. And then there's the s and p, which is considered a passive form of investing. Yes. These are passively managed funds because it's just tracking the index. There's no one that is handpicking the funds and companies that go into this, they're just tracking the top 500 companies. And the s and p 500 now represents about 80% of the total stock market value. That's right. And it's largely, you know, if you're talking about the largest companies, these are large cap companies, companies with a large market capitalization. And so if you invest in the s and p 500, your return is going to mirror whatever those 500 companies do. And you will own all 500, you know, stocks in that index If, you have an s and p 500.


And the average annual return, when you look at the history of this thing, has been around 10 to 12% since its inception. So when we say on the show, Hey, if you invest this much, you expect a 10 to 12% return. It's not outta thin air. This is not our opinion. This is just based on the historical average annual return of the s and p 500. Some years it's going gangbusters like we've seen the past few years. Some years it's gonna be down, but over time we've seen to 10, 12 plus, 10 to 12%. And so the pros of this are you're diversified across investments when you think about, you know, 500 companies, 11 major industries. So you're reducing your risk since your money isn't dependent on one fund's performance and they're pretty predictable because you're just gonna do what the market's doing.


Yeah. So you kind of know. Now the cons are you're settling for the average returns. So the goal of these actively managed mutual funds is to beat the s and p 500. That's what these investment pros are trying to do, is to handpick the companies and funds they think are going to outperform the index. So that's the simplest version I can give you in one segment Ken. And for folks out there who are ready to invest or excited, they wanna learn more, we've got a whole hub that's totally free for you. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash invest. And we have a complete guide to investing that's totally free. This is a very in-depth resource, but we only give you what you need to know. And you can also click the link in the description in the show notes.


Ken, if you're listening on YouTube, the podcast I've been talking about the value of the show notes, it's where the magic happens. Go there, you'll get this free complete guide to investing, we'll give you a link to the hub and you'll, you'll feel a lot smarter Next time you're, you're at a dinner party. Yeah. Your friends bring up the s and p 500. Yeah. You'll go, oh, do I know about the s and p? And you're gonna say, and they're gonna go, How do you know all this? And you're gonna go, 'cause George Kamel talked nerdy to me one day On The Ramsey Show On The. Ramsey Show. So there it is folks. It's it's, it's one of the hottest segments on the show. If you want more, keep basketball George talking nerdy. Let us know, comment, like, subscribe, share all that. And are you adjusting our guys there? Yeah, I was seeing if it Bobs, there's no bobble.


I was excited to see because I think you've got a great bobble, naturally Ken on your actual head. So I was excited to see, oh it's funny if Ken's does a little thank you. Wiggle. I'm just gonna try to do that in between calls there. Stephanie's up next in Phoenix, Arizona. Stephanie How can We help? Hi, I just had a question General. So I was in a car accident not too long ago and because of that I do have a backup car that I'm currently in and it's a 1996 Chevy Blazer and it's, it runs good. It has a seat, it has a heater, it's perfect as is. But I do commute a lot.


So I'm looking to buy a car. I do have money cash to buy one. But my dad used to be a car salesman and he was saying that I shouldn't use this money to buy the car out cash that I should get comfortable with paying a little bit of down payment and then make it adjust. So that way I'm comfortable with the monthly payment that I receive. But I don't like the idea of debt. I don't like the idea of paying interest because you're paying money for essentially money that you don't have. So I don't really understand that part, but I just, I want a second opinion. Well I'm gonna caveat this by saying I'm sure your dad is a lovely, wonderful, intelligent man, but he has been brainwashed by the car industry and can I tell you, car salesman have some of the worst money habits if I had to generalize that I've ever seen in my life.


Wow. Have you seen these TikTok videos that have go been going viral? Tell me about this. They go to car dealerships and they go to the staff at the car dealership and they say, what is your payment? What car? These people have like $900 a month payments on these cars. Oh right. They are so all about their ego. They wanna look good. Then they say, well you gotta get a new car. It's like asking a dentist if they, you should get your cavity filled. And so I would, I strongly encourage you to not take your dad's advice when it comes to buying this car. It's, I mean his thing, it's kinda like somebody who packages drugs telling you that a little bit of drugs are okay. Yeah. You know What I mean? It's a little bit too biased. He's a little too close to it. And this idea that we have to just get comfortable with the payment is insane.


That's why we're so broke in America is because we said, well if I can afford the payment, I'll be fine. And then one day something happened, life happened, you couldn't afford the payment, you realize you have no margin to actually live your life or invest. Yeah. And so I would strongly encourage you to use the money you have to buy a car with cash you can actually afford Yeah. That's how grandma did it. Yeah. So how much cash do you have? I'm comfortable spending 15, but I could spend up to 20. Oh you got 20 grand in cash. That's a great car just to spend on the car. This is outside of an emergency fund. That's a little, the 5,000 extra would be from the emergency fund. Okay. So the 15 is in separate, Let's call it 15 out the door is what you're wanting. So when you go to shop for a card, you're always looking for the out the door price.


And here's the, here's the first question they're gonna ask. What payment are you looking for? Right? First question they ask if you, if you call a car dealership, that's the key word that you're about to get scammed. 'cause all they're looking to do is get you comfortable with the payment and you are then not focused on what the actually costing you. Right. That makes sense. So that's it. I would be searching an independent used car dealership for this car and searching online to do some research. I wanna throw an idea at you, George, that I've been kicking around in the old hit me nogging. Okay. I've always wondered what's going on up there. Well, Nobody really wants to know. Quick question. If you use cash and you buy an older car, a classic, not an old junker, but a classic antique car, fix it up.


That car now becomes more valuable the longer you have it. Potentially. No. If it's the right car. Yeah, I've got one in my garage. Yes. It keeps going up. Cars Can't hold their value if you're buying Some of these antique. I'm just saying I think that people ought to be doing more of that. I'm scared to drive It. No, it's totally fine. Think about it George. Come back to me later. This is The Ramsey Show, God bless America and Welcome to The Ramsey show. This is where we help you America, win in your life, win with your money, win in your relationships, and win at work. I'm Ken Coleman and George Campbell is alongside triple eight. Eight two five five two two five is the phone number.


Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Let's go to Julie in Jackson, Mississippi. Julie How can We help? Well my, my problem is we are doing very well. Me and my husband, we've been married 31 years and everything together we're worth about 4 million. Woo. Wow. About half of that is his inheritance. About half and about half of that inheritance is a million dollars for a company that he inherited that was then bought out. So my question is, I don't have that much that's in my name.


I have an account, I have about a hundred thousand dollars in my name alone. And then I have about another a hundred thousand in retirement and that's it. And the rest of it I think of as his and I know that's not right. Yeah, I know. That's not how I need to be thinking about it. He doesn't think about it that way. He's told me, as far as I'm concerned, it's half yours. Are you the beneficiary? I don't know. I can make This. Are you, do you guys have all that worked out to where you're you, you each are the beneficiary of each other's like to, it's actually your money or is it all in his name and nobody even knows that you're there? I want to say the business money maybe in his name only.


Well, is it in point? Do you have a, does he have a will? He won't, he won't do one. I made him do one during Covid, but it, we sat with a lawyer, talked about it, drew it out and I've not seen it since then. So I haven't signed one that I know about. Does that seem strange to you? It does. I think he doesn't wanna admit he's gonna die. And his father was the same way. Well I have heard that if you don't do a will then you never die. So he has, there's some merit to that argument, Doesn't he? So you're telling me there's a chance. Okay. So there's one piece of homework we need to get him to finalize this will get it signed, sealed, delivered.


And that'll get, will help you both sleep better at night. Right. Number two, we have some homework to do. 'cause you said, I wanna say that's not gonna cut it. We need to figure out where is this money? What are the accounts? Is your name all these joint accounts? Are you a beneficiary on these accounts? I think you have a right to know in a marriage. Right? And so we need to get to the bottom of that part. And then on the other side, we need to figure out what is your next goal? Are you looking to spend more, it sounds like you feel like you have nothing to your name and that you're broke when really you have a $4 million net worth. Right? and I don't know why that is. I don't know why I feel that way. Well what is your up, what's your household income?


I bring in about 2000 a month and he brings home a hundred thousand a year. So he's bringing home something closer to seven or eight. Okay. And do you guys have a joint checking account where all this money goes? Not all of it. A section of it. There's a checking account that I write from that my social security money goes into and that's all that goes into it. His name is on that account but he doesn't use it. And then there's a joint account where he used to put all his bonus money in that I write joint household expenses from.


But now with the company buyouts, he's not gonna get into those bonuses anymore. So I don't know yet. You guys have, have created a real complex financial situation with 19 accounts floating around out there. I think it's time to streamline and simplify and go, okay, it's time For you. I think it's time for you to fly to their house and spend an afternoon with them. They don't get to get up from the table until they've walked through all this stuff. George, you were talking about this earlier this morning. That's what this calls for. Yes. Now that's not gonna happen. But Julie George's gonna give you a a checklist if as if he were flying to your house and locking the doors and taking care of business with you two. You guys have gotta figure this out. Let's put it all on the table and go, what are all the accounts?


What's in every account? What's in my name? What's in your name? How can we simplify all this? I want to be on the same page. We've been married 31 years, we've done really well sort of accidentally. And now I want to do better intentionally. And that means having one account, all the money flows in, all the money flows out of this joint checking account. Okay. That'll give us both transparency, accountability, and it's gonna change our marriage for the better. Okay. Because I'm no longer gonna be in the dark. You know exactly what's going on with my money. I know what's going on with your money. Do you think he would be upset with that conversation? Would he shut down? I mean 31 years? I Think he, I think he would want, I think he would really, his, his actual reaction would be Why are you worried about it?


Well, it's not a worry, it's just that the best marriages have full accountability, full transparency, and okay to good marriages can survive with 19 accounts floating around. Well, George, but play that out though. Go deeper than that. I think this is what's going on. So pretend as though you're talking to Julie's husband and he goes, well why does this even matter? Why is she so worried? Well go deeper than good marriages and all this. Like there's some, there's some real reasons as to why this thing is so disjointed and why bringing it together. What would you say to him if he pushed you? Well, I would say that we're not here to attack you and get you defensive because we don't trust what you're doing with the money. It's just that you are clearly in the dark after 31 years of being married.


you have no clue what's going on out there. And if something were to happen to him that would put you in a real bind while you're grieving, you'd be trying to pick up the pieces from 19 different accounts trying to find policy numbers. Is that true? Does that sound right Julie? Yeah. It would be difficult. I know where all the paperwork is, but yeah. And this is something we're going through still with his dad's estate. His dad's estate was still the same way. It still messed up two years after his death. Right. Because you wanna avoid that. Yeah. There's, You guys are searching for coffee tins in the backyard with money. It's a disaster. I don't want have it be a full-time job to pick up all the pieces. Right. That's the, and if we can just get ahead of this now we're gonna have the, the next 20 years is gonna be a dream. 'cause we are fully on board on the same page.


We know where we're going. We know what's going on. Yeah. Okay. That's the angle. And then I think there's another piece where you need to stop acting like you're broke. 'cause you're not, you guys make six figures and you need to be on a budget that you both have. Say in right now you're living like you get an allowance. Right? If you wanted to go spend some money, is it a conversation? Do you just go spend it without telling him what happens? Yeah, I do. I spend, but it, it's my money that I spend that. So As long as you spend only your money. Yeah. Well that feels wild, doesn't it? I feel like I have to Ask him. So he gets to spend five times what you spend because he makes five times more.


Is that how it works? Yeah, but that's been working. Oh boy, That's a problem. How long You been married? 31 years. Oh boy. We didn't come into so much money until a couple years ago. My wife now stays at home with our child. If I said, well honey, you don't bring in any income, so I get to spend all the money. I'll give you a little bit of allowance for some fun, but I get to spend like 10 times more i'll because I'm bringing home Bacon. You know where you'd be? My guest bedroom. That's where you'd be. I'd be lucky to be inside of a house. Well, we take you in for about A week. I might be in a tent in the backyard at that point. Julie. Well, I'd let you stay in the backyard. I want you to know you have a vote in this marriage. And yeah, so far it sounds like you've had the idea of a vote, but we need to make it very clear, especially on election day, that you have an American right to vote in.


What happens in your marriage you Did there. I think this is a clean this mess up with Camel. This is a show or people bring you in and you just fix everything. You just get it all. Like, listen, I like this. You say, listen Julie, you sit there, Clarence, you sit there. I feel like her husband's name might be Clare. It's Like hoarders. But I clean up your Finances and you just kind of walk through. Alright, Clarence is what we're doing, Julie is what we're doing. And you just clean it up. You're the cleaners. Good. We'll think about it. This is The Ramsey show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company, field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health, plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code Ramsey field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


If you own a small business and you like The, Ramsey, Show, then you're going to love the Entree Leadership podcast. Almost 200,000 listeners. Tune in every Monday to hear me take calls from real business leaders and give tactical advice based on my 30 years of experience leading. This is not a podcast about business theory. It's real insight from a practitioner who actually does this stuff. Find it anywhere you listen to podcasts, or if you're listening on YouTube or podcasts now, just click the link in the description.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Triple 8 8 2 five five two two five. Alright, I've been told that sometimes I come across like an alpha male, George. Literally never heard that in my life. You've never heard that. I appreciate that. Yeah, it's very generous of whoever said that to you. Yeah, well, you know, I was thinking we gotta, yeah, you think about Alpha because guess who's on the line right now in Los Angeles, omega line four. Tell Everybody Omega is on the line. In Los Angeles, Omega is on. This is very fun. This is very exciting. I've never, ever actually talked to an Omega before. Welcome to The RAMSEY show. Heck yeah. Come on. I Love your introduction.


That was epic. Thank You. That was pretty epic. thank you. Because I'll be honest with America, James, the producer was rolling his eyes a little bit. He had a little cringe going on behind the glass. He's a very nice man. He's very kind to me. But he, he had a little cringe on that, but I knew you would appreciate it and so would America if they stayed with me. So, thank you Omega. I I appreciate it. I appreciate It. You bet. You should. You got a great name. So you Know a lot of, Go Ahead. A lot of people make that joke, but the way you made it was, was special. He's a special guy. Take That. James, you just made a friend for life. Omega Omega's my friend. And, and, and I'm her friend. So How, can We help you Today? We're friends now. Well, wait, did you guys get my question already or should I say it all again?


We Don't know your Question. No, we don't know your question. This Is, they tell us nothing. We're Flying blind. Oh, okay. So basically I, I, I'm a remote closer, basically sales online. So phone sales, sales and dms. Basically, my goal is to help people make better decisions so that you can improve their life Okay. Through sales. Right. Right. And so usually the, the goal is to work for programs that, you know, offer some sort of solution to someone's problem. And so I am new to the field, and so I recently started applying for jobs and one of them was for a leadership program where they teach leadership to people so that they can like, lead their companies better.


Right. And so in order to be a part of their team as a remote closer, or a DM setter, the woman I spoke to on the phone said that I have to invest in their course first. All of their employees have gone through their course. Their course is $5,000. No, I have Budgeted Wait, Go ahead. Hard pass. Please don't give them a dollar. This is a scam on you that It's a total scam. This is how they're actually making money as a company. Yeah. They're not helping anybody lead. Hmm. It's like a multi-level marketing thing where they go, Hey, you gotta pay us $5,000 as a startup cost to take this course. Yeah. To then sell this course. Don't do it if, if Dave RAMSEY hires people, he doesn't charge them to go through financial Peace University.


Yeah. And He goes, Hey, as part of a team member, you're gonna go through this course. We're paying for It. And Omega legitimate companies, they hire people that they believe they can invest in and get a return on the investment. They don't make people invest in them, they hire them, and then they train them. Legitimate companies, hire people and put real manpower, real resources behind training someone. And so this is all backwards. and I want you to run from this. I cut you off because there is zero reason to, for you to continue considering this opportunity. It's not an opportunity. It's an absolute Trap. and I hope you know this, but in the industry you're in, there are a lot of hucksters out there.


Yeah. Hmm. In this DM setter online sales. I, I think you're in a legitimate field, but I'd be very cautious about what companies I work with. Okay. Are we still friends? Okay. We're still friends. I appreciate real truth. That's, that's true. Friendship right there. You should I Calling us saying I paid $5,000 for this course to get a job. Did I get scammed? Yeah. You should never pay Yeah. To get hired. Okay. Ever. So that answers that question. Can I have a follow up question? We Will allow it. Okay. So when I was on the phone with her, she was telling me all about it.


Right? And I told her that my one concern was that I only had a hundred dollars to spend. I have money in my account, but it's all budgeted. I have it in my, in my emergency fund. Which by the way, saved my life a week ago. Hey, Hey, hey. All right. We like hearing that. Yep. And so I have it all budgeted, so I can't spend that. So I only have a hundred dollars that I can spend. and I made it a goal earlier, like at the beginning of the summer, that I was not gonna go into debt. So I told myself I'm not going into debt. Good. And then when I was on the phone with her, she, I, I told her that. I was like, yeah, I mean, I could, I could do that, but I don't wanna make my parents go in debt for me.


I don't want to go in debt for myself. Like I'm gonna like make the money and then pay for the course. So, Okay, so what's the question? But, So the question is, when I told her that, she basically was like, well, when you're in sales and you're trying to like grow, you're young, you need to invest in yourself. And right now, gosh, is the ideal time to invest in yourself. And the way she said it was so convincing that it made me like, Yeah, she's myself. She's a huckster. They're, did You do something with it? Or are you, why are you asking this follow up? We've already told you what we've done. Say That again. Why are you asking us this? We've already told you don't spend a hundred dollars, don't spend a cent with these people. You're saying, well, she's saying I should invest in myself.


Is that not true? Is that what your question is? Well, My follow up question isn't regarding the course it's regarding in investing in order to get a re a return because Yes. Yes. You should, you should invest in, in an actual course. Not from a fake Guru. Yeah. Not selling a $5,000 DM setting course. Yeah. If you want to invest in a certification from a legitimate training school or a trade school or something like that, that is directly tied to, I now have a skill that I need to be able to climb my ladder. The professional ladder. Yes. Invest in yourself. But can I also say this, I would like you, before you ever spend a nickel right now, investing in yourself as a salesperson, I'd like you to get books from libraries.


Libraries. They're free. They're free on sales books. Okay. Or get used books on Amazon. You can get 'em at a fraction, George. Or how about podcasts on sales and, and things of that nature. There's so much YouTube that you can do for free. And now we're investing time and investing our focus, not investing a hundred dollars. So you're good, kiddo. Okay. You're good. So even as a rule of thumb, like I can just be confident in like never going into debt. Even if it Yes. Is alluding to the fact that I'm investing myself. Like just find a way around it. Don't Need to go invest myself without money into debt. You should never, you should never rationalize investing in yourself to, to allow yourself to take out debt.


You should never go, well, I'm taking out debt, but I'm investing in myself. That's actually not the truth. George, what would you Call that? It's, it's a smarmy sales tactic they're using to go, well, you gotta invest in yourself. If you wanna make a hundred grand, you gotta put five grand in. That's just how it works in the business. That's the kind of stuff they're telling you. And you need to run far away. I don't know if this industry's even for you 'cause it's mostly for people that fall for scams. And that's not my friend Omega. Yeah. So I would find a different sales role that's legitimate with a real company that sells a real product. Yeah. Not this. We sell sales offers and appointments. You can invest in yourself by, by paying cash, you can invest in yourself by taking free resources.


All of that's an investment. It's a false narrative, a faulty notion that you have to go into debt to invest in yourself. So there it is, omega, thank you. You are a bright, bright soul. I love it. She's so hungry to win and she's gonna win. But you talk about this a lot in breaking free from broke, you call 'em traps if you follow the fall for the trap. This is a, this is a trap that has now become a trend. Well, a lot of young People are falling for it. They're, they're hooking people on social media. It's the get rich quick, all this kinda stuff. And There's so many of these guru hucksters out there being like, I'm gonna increase your sales by a hundred x and if you just I can help you get 900 offers. And it's all just a scam.


And here's what they're doing. They're selling their course. Yeah. They're not actually helping anyone. No. They're just getting a bunch of people to take a course. Yeah. And literally trying to trap this young lady. Well, you've gotta invest in yourself. This $5,000 you spend with us will be the best investment you ever make. I can hear the crap right now. So because we're friends with Omega, I mean she and I are friends, you are kind of like an acquaintance 'cause you're, you know what I mean? thank you. But if you're okay with it, I would like to gift her your book Breaking Free from Brooke. I love that. Great call. I think it'll keep her out of these trends and traps. So Christian Also gift her your book, find the work you're wired to do with the get clear Assessment. Let's give her the assessment. Omega, let's, let's take the assessment as well. I was gonna say that, but thank you.


Help You avoid some traps. How it gets you go some clarity around your career. Find the work you're wired to do. Take the assessment Omega and read the book. It's like me coaching you through and then break you free from broke. You gotta read it, George, on money gonna keep you from getting into all of those trends and traps. So it's nice to make friends. It's Very sweet. You know what I'm missing right now? What's that? My Mr. Rogers cardigan. We can get that on the break. Yeah, maybe we'll do that. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ Ramsey.


Folks, the RAMSEY Christmas cash giveaway is here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show America. Thrilled that you are with us. I'm Ken Coleman. George. Kamel is with me. The phone number is eight eight Eight two five five two two five.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch and gives you a low fixed rate loan built just for you. Cherise Kay lowered her payment from, get this George $2,000 to six $680 Wow a month with our friends at Why Refi. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY to learn more. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Cameron in Arizona, my best friend has bounced around schools trying to pursue his dream of being a sports team mascot. He has a math degree, a hundred thousand dollars in student loan debt and a terrible living situation with his parents. He can't manage to get any reasonable paying job for a person with his education. He currently earned 17 bucks an hour counting money at a casino. Several years ago I inherited $5.5 million, which I've safely invested and I have since grown to over 7 million. I've never touched that money except for the house that I paid for in cash. and I live off my real income of about 110 grand. Can I gift or lend my friend a hundred thousand dollars to pay off his loans? If not, why?


Wow. Lot going on here. But we'll stick to the question at hand. I'll go first 'cause you're the, you Go, I wanna hear Your take. You're the money guy. I feel like we're gonna agree on this one. The question is, can I gift or lend my friend? You can give it, you can lend it. But I think the question is, is it okay? And the answer is, I'm gonna go 50 50 split on this one. Okay. It's okay for you to gift the a hundred thousand dollars to pay off the loan if it is truly that a gift. And you don't expect anything outta the friendship.


You don't expect anything other than I, I care for my friends so much that I wanna help them this way. And there's no emotional strings attached. You can do that and I'd be okay with it. But no, you're not lending it because now you're just replacing the, you're moving the, the debt from one pile to the other and it could create a lot of risks. And The chances of ever paying you back is 0% is zero. So I don't Like that it's, but if, if because relationship of the money that this Cameron is telling us, I i, if that's what you wanna do, you wanna give it, that's fine. You can give it, you got a lot of money, you can give 'em that.


I'm not gonna say no to that. Now if you're asking me what I would do, I it would, it would be based on the relationship to where if I felt like this would be a massive hand up to somebody then then I'd probably consider it. I don't know that I'd do it. But the question is, George, that I've, that I'm wrestling with on this and I'm really 50 50 on it given the net worth and all this kinda stuff. The question is, would it be a hand up? Like would it revolutionize this person's life? Because it sounds like this is a professional surfer. You and I don't mean that knocking surfers. I'm saying he's just kind of riding the next wave and the next wave and the next wave.


and I think he needs to grow up and he needs to, to make some, some real commitments to growing up to adulting. So from that standpoint, George, I'm a little nervous about that. Does it really help him that much? Agreed. What are your thoughts? Yeah, I I Are you No, no. Based on principle, I would not do this. Like you said, can you, you can do whatever you want. Yeah. Yeah, that's, but I think it's gonna hurt the relationship when you kind of have this handout to him without ever really changing his habits, his behaviors. Right. And clearly his growth is stunted here and just handing him a hundred thousand dollars to pay off his debt or do Lord knows what he would do with it if you just gave it to him. That's a dangerous scenario. No, I would not do that. He Might use it at the casino he works at.


That's frightening. Yeah. So again, I don't think that's, the student loans are just the symptom of a very I agree. A much bigger problem. Which is this guy has no real life purpose. He's got all this debt, he's living with his parents. He's got the degree with nothing to show for it. He's trying to be a mascot while counting money at a casino. He needs to aim higher. Yeah. In life. Yeah. And you giving him this money does not solve any of those problems. Most likely. And that's what I'm getting at. So if it was a true hand up to where his life had changed and it was gonna be like, man, this is, this is helping somebody that cannot in this situation help themselves. He can. So I'm, I I, I understand the heart behind this. I think it's a really, really kind thing to do. It feels like we're enabling Misbehavior, but it's like burn.


But you would've to know that you're essentially agreeing to burn a hundred thousand dollars. Exactly. And this relationship may not get better and in fact it probably will get worse because of this transaction. He's gonna feel a level of guilt. I feel Like a softy. I can't believe I, I feel harder on that than you. I would never do it personally. I'd never advise, advise anyone to do it. Yeah. But you know, it's a free country. You can do what you want when you got 7 million bucks. That's the only reason I'm even on that fence, you Know? But again, that money was given to you to manage through inheritance and you wanna manage it wisely. I don't think giving this money to this person, it Doesn't feel like it And wise money management. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. It's my take. I Like it. Sarah's up in Bozeman, Montana. Sarah How can We help.


Hi Thank you for taking my call. You bet. What's going on? Yeah, so my husband and I are on baby step number two and we're hoping to buy a home in about three years. So my question is about our credit. We each have one credit card each and we've recently realized it's really not a good thing for him to have a credit card. So he cut it up the other day, which was great and we'd like to close the account, but my concern is that we want his score to go down to a zero. What I've read online is that it can take between like two and 10 years to do that. So My question, you read the wrong law, my friend. Okay. Explain It's more like six, six to 12 Months.


Can you explain me how that process works? Yeah, so it's, it's more like six to 12 months. Once you have paid off all of your debts, all the accounts are closed. So no open lines of credit whatsoever. Six to 12 months later in general your score will become indeterminable. It doesn't actually go to zero. It'll probably take some dips and then it'll just fall off completely to where if, you know, if I check my credit report right now across all three bureaus, it's just gonna come back Indeterminable. Okay, Great. So when I was in your shoes, Sarah, thank you For answering my question. Yeah, well and I, I want to tell you, when I was in your shoes, I paid off my debt and I went to go buy a house with no credit score and I went through a process called manual underwriting. And that's where they just go through your actual tax returns, you know your utility bills.


As long as you have proof of making payments on some trade lines like your utility bills or cell phone bills and you have proof that you've made on time rent payments every single month, then they'll grant you a manual underwritten loan and give you a no score loan. So I wouldn't let that stop you and I wouldn't let it keep you, you know, playing the credit card game just to keep up a score. Okay, great. I know you guys are not about the car loans and our goal is to never finance a car ever again. We owe about 17 left on my current vehicle and then we're hoping to be done with the car length forever. However, we do want a big family. So we're gonna be hauling a lot of kids around someday. So we're just kind keeping that in the back of our mind.


If we ever hit a point where we needed a larger vehicle like a van and we didn't have the cash to pay for it, if we have an Indeterminable credit score, are we able to finance a vehicle or is that off the table? I feel like we're asking the wrong question here, Sarah. The real question is, what must be true for us to be able to pay cash for a reasonable van? The answer then becomes, oh I guess we're gonna buy the $10,000 van with more miles on it and we're gonna do a pre-purchase inspection. Yeah. Do you see where, you see how the mindset shift changes as you get outta debt and decide you're done with it? It's when it's no longer an option, you get creative and you start to go, what can we actually afford?


I know four years from now we're gonna need the van. 'cause you don't have a bunch of kids yet. Right? Right. We just have two. We've got two. So now if I know, hey, two years from now I'm gonna need a minivan. I wanna buy a $24,000 minivan that looks awfully like saving a thousand bucks a month for 24 months. Okay. That's how successful people actually hit their goals. That's right. Not how can I get the lowest payment? How can I get my score high enough that they gave me the best financing? That's broke people talking. My friend Sarah's not broke person anymore. She's done with that life. Do you agree? Yes, I Agree. And Sarah, you've already got two kiddos. How old are they?


I've got one who's gonna be two in December and a three month old. Yeah. So you already know how quickly a 2-year-old destroys the inside of a car. So we don't need a $25,000 van. We need a functional van from a good, you know, automaker that has reliable car. They're gonna destroy It. Carnival and Odyssey. Yeah. They're gonna destroy the inside of it with all the, the little, you know, the goldfish and the the things, you know, and they, everything's sticky And it's like, I try to tell young parents don't go buy a nice car to haul the kids around. Don't care. Care. Just be upset when they draw on it with Sharpie. Yeah. Oh, That actually happened to our friend Rachel Cruz. Has Mia done this? Not Yet. She doesn't have access to Sharpies. She Good. Father, this is The.


Ramsey Show.


Hey guys. Dave Ramsey here and I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you. Live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not wanna miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Thank you for listening and watching The. Ramsey Show triple eight. Eight two five five two two five is the phone number


Excited that you're with us. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is joining me and boy oh boy, we've been talking about this. I mean, we gotta be getting close to set in sale, aren't we, George? The Live Like No One Else Cruise. Oh yeah. March 22 through 29, 20 25. This is a premium Caribbean cruise. Holland America's news Stada ship with all the great foods, all the fun things to do. World class content that you can expect on a great cruise like that. Plus you got all the Ramsey personalities speaking. We're gonna be doing some fun stuff together. Country music legend Deanna Carter, Stephen Curtis Chapman. Trey Kennedy is a great comedian, kind of known for spoofing Dave and world class chef Manique Shohan will all be joining the Ramsey personalities, including George and I. So Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise is where you get your ticket. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. And it's gonna be, it's gonna be a lot of fun. So we're hitting Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas in The Bahamas.


Have we validated whether or not James is coming? James the producer. I, I don't think he is Coming. Let's get an official word. We're not doing any like live RAMSEY show. So he's he's off the hook. Wow. That week. Yeah. Okay. He'll probably be having his own vacation here. Are you doing the Show while we're on the ship? I don't think so. Okay. It's a little too far out to tell. We'll I'll be on the ship. Ken, there'll be no one here to host the RAMSEY. He Said will he be doing the ship? I'll host it. That's what James will do it himself. I Feel like he could do it. It'd be a very chill, very nice version. Love to see his impressions of us. Oh he could do It. It'd get dark real quick. He, he could do it. It'll just me be me and Kelly Daniel will do a tell all of all our history here of all you guys. Yes. That would actually get the most viewer viewership. I think it would actually blow up actually. Probably would.


That'd be really great. Alright, so you could check it out. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. Alright, Carlos is joining us now in Phoenix, Arizona. Carlos How can We help? Hi, how are you guys doing? We're Having a blast. how are you? Pretty good here. So I'm actually in a little bit of, I guess situation here. I'm trying to see what the best course of action would be to make the best decision possible. Okay. So I have, I'm currently, I have a car payment right now. It's a truck payment. I got it. I kind of did the baby steps a little bit outta order with my fiance. We got a house, goes to the emergency house, emergency fund and now we have that car payment. But my biggest issue here is my work.


I currently am a plumber full-time. I like doing it, everything like that. But it's not really my passion. So I kinda wanted to see if I should turn back the car in to like trade it back in, get rid of that debt. And that's finally we're over debt. Maybe step two or if we should look for another job. I keep the car but I might be taking a little bit of a pay cut. No, we're definitely not taking a pay cut while in baby step two period. Okay. Ever. So in baby step two, no. 'cause in baby step two, and I'm gonna go ahead and say baby step three as well, I would never take a pay cut in baby step two or three because those steps as baby step one also requires intensity.


And so we want to make the most money we can. And in this situation you're good at it. You may, and it may not be your long-term play, but I want you to stay being a plumber and then see if you can pick up extra hours, extra jobs, maybe work for a couple different plumbing companies. I mean I know there just about in every major city in America there's a demand for plumbers. So in, in my case, if I were you, I'd be working extra using that very skilled trade. What do you make per hour? I'm actually peace rate. That's the big thing. So anything I do or everything I do is what I get paid for the day and it makes pretty good.


I think overall in the year I make about 80,000. I mean, so my point is, is you could get extra work as a plumber. True or false? Yes. Yes. So that's what I would do. Now I, I want George to weigh in on this 'cause I tend to be more aggressive on cars but, so in other words, what's what's I would get rid of the car, not keep the car payment. So if I were to get rid of it right now, it's worth around 25 and I will 30, it's a truck. And the reason I actually got it was for the plumbing, like side jobs and everything like that. 'cause I have a company work truck. So you don't need this car. I don't need it right now. That's why get Rid of it.


Get rid of it. When you say it's worth 20 5K, are you talking about trade-in value or if you sold it private party. If I sold a private party, maybe get like 28, 29. So Let's do that instead. Close and then the difference that you can't cover the part you're underwater on, we're gonna use the savings to cover that. How much do you have in savings? I have about 20,000. Oh you Got 20 K in savings. Perfect. Yeah. So you're pretty close to to just being able to pay this whole thing off. Yeah, that was my other question. Should I completely just go super intense, pay this off? Yes. and I mean I I am pretty sure within like two months I can get this. So let's say you need ano, you need to save up another 10 grand to go ahead and just get this thing paid off and leave you with a few thousand in the emergency fund.


Then we'll restock the emergency fund. Okay. So basically we're doing the baby steps in order. So I changed my opinion George, you know what I'm gonna say now Keep the car and aggressively pay it off. Stick to the plumbing jobs. Once you're debt free with the emergency fund, then we can think about the new career path. Yes. and I would, I would liquidate it now. I mean go down to 1000 in the emergency fund, put 19 down on that car that leaves you with 11 left. That's gonna really put the fire under you. Yeah because number one you're going, oh my gosh, oh my gosh I'm not safe. There goes my emergency fund. Yeah. And you go, oh gosh there's only 11,000 left. I'm making good money with between my wife and i's income getting on a budget.


We can knock this out in four months. Right? Yeah. Just about. And You bought this truck you said so that you could do side jobs. How many side jobs have you been doing? What kind of extra income have you been bringing in the last 90 days? In the last 90 days? It varies but it could be up to like another five to, it pretty much covers the car payment each month. Like obviously like 700, like Month. That's not a lot my friend that, you know, I had a sneaky suspicion and Carlos, I'm not being unkind. I'm, I'm on team Carlos, I had a sneaky suspicion you weren't doing a whole lot of extra work. 500, 700 bucks for a plumber is nothing. You're not, you're not busting it. Get out there and bust it and then you're gonna be able to do what George told you to do.


That's, that's so we're, we're revising our answer. I think in this case keep the truck but pay it off. Keep the truck and pay it off. Okay. What's the, what do you want to do long term when you say passion, that makes me nervous sometimes. 'cause I wanna make sure you got the talent to do it and that you're motivated to do it. So what do you have an idea about what direction you really wanna go That's not too well like I'm too sure about, 'cause I'm also a realtor. I have my real estate license and I do it every year and they're part-time and maybe close about like three deals a year. So not too much, but at the same time, like I've always been more into like learning about finance and all that type of thing. So maybe like a banker or even helping people out like with their finances. I'm not like the, the most educated person when it comes to that, but that's something I've always wanted to do.


Okay. So it sounds like to me, but I'm not too sure if that's the path we take, Right? So there's a way to get Sure. And the answer is to get clear. You've gotta be clear on what you're really, really good at doing what work really, really fires you up. And then what results you want to contribute to the world. And I'm gonna give you, because I think you got some work to do on this, but I'm gonna give you the book, find the work you're wired to do. It has the get clear assessment in it. And if you'll commit to me to take the 15 to 18 minutes to take the assessment and then take 45 minutes to read this little book that I wrote. It's like me coaching you, it will give you some real ideas and give you a process to confirm which idea you want to go for and, and that's gonna keep you going in this season where you're working a lot, getting outta debt.


But stay in the plumber job, figure out your next path and then get the emergency fund fully funded and then now we start cash flowing whatever training. So let's say you decide you want to go into begin being an in an investment coach. You know, I mean, I'm sorry, what is the word George is saying? Financial coach Thank you? No, just a, an advisor like you're doing in Retirement. Oh, like an investment advisor. Got investment advisor. thank you. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm in a hurry here. And so Carlos, if that's what you decide, there's training involved with that, right? And there's cost. Yep. Now we've got all of our debt gone. We've got our fully funded emergency fund and so we now have discipline and we've got margin and cash to be able to pay for the training and then we step from plumbing work right into this new path.


That's what we want for you. Make sense? Yep. That That's the path. But you gotta pay this truck off and get outta debt. George Final and I, I Still consider selling it. It sounds like it's weighing on you and your goals. Me more's an this truck does. Yeah, that's an option. I'd probably just sell it and cover the underwater difference with your savings. Well if he sells it, he's got enough cash to go buy a 10, 12,000 truck. Exactly. You still have a nice emergency fund to build on. I Like this plan. That's what I would choose to, I would absolutely choose it. Hey, we gotta let Carlos go and the rest of you remember this. If you are not on the radio audience right now, this is the end of the show. But you can go get the rest of it on The Ramsey Network app. So just go to the show notes, click on that link and we'll see you over there.


This is The, Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free.


Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.