
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman Ramsey. Personality host of The Ken. Coleman. Show Number. one bestselling author. He's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Gabriel is starting this hour in Atlanta, Georgia. Hi Gabriel. how are you? I'm great sir. how are you guys? Better than we deserve.


How can we help? Well, I just find out that my wife has $70,000 in bed from her previous marriage, and I don't know what to do, sir. She wants to file bankruptcy and I'm freaking out. Okay. How long have you been married? Three months. Whoa. Yeah. So you guys didn't talk about money before you got married? Yes. You're saying she hid this from you? She did, sir.


Okay. What is the nature? What kind of debt is it? Okay, so I have all the information here. She was in an abusive relationship and her ex-husband took everything from her and they together had a car repo that equals $50,000. She had a car loan that she got screwed. That equals $12. Had a what? A car loan. A car loan is 50 grand. I got that. What was the second thing? It's a car loan that she needed to get a new car for her. Oh, another car loan? Her Ex, yeah, another car loan. That's right, sir.


And she got $60,000 in collection and 2000 in credit cards. All right. I I'm sorry, I thought you said it was 70,000. 70,000. That's right. Okay. 50,000 on a car repo. Yes, sir. Okay. And, what's the other 20,000? 12,000 in a car loan. Okay. Do you have the car? Yeah, she does have the car right now. Okay. She's driving a car around and you're engaged to her and you didn't know it had a car loan on it? I do know that she had this 12,000 car loan. Oh. But that's all that I know. Oh, okay. So you didn't know part of this. Okay. Yeah. And then the, the other 8,000 is what?


It's 6,000 in collections. What? And 2000 and credit cards. Collections on what? Medical bills. Okay. Medical good. All right. And, and then what was the other, what was the fourth one? Dog. What? Medical bills and a dog. A dog. Okay. Yes, that's the 6,000. Okay. Is there, is there anything, I've got three things. Car loan, car repo, 6,000 in medical bills. You got anything else? 2000 credit cards. Oh, okay. Alright. And, what of this did you not know? Well, pretty much everything besides the $12,000 car loan that she had it.


Okay. That she's still having right now. Where's the dog? The dog died funny. Sounds like a country song. Yeah. Yeah. It's, yeah, it's a lot of stuff going on And. What, what, what do you do for a Gabriel? What do you do for a living? And. what do you make? I'm a banker and Oh Jesus. I make $23, $23 an hour. Okay. All right. And, what does she do? And. what does she make? She is a receptionist and she make the same as me $23 an hour. Okay. And you're both working? So I home pay it's 5,000 KA month.


Yeah. Okay. So you're making about 80 grand between the two of you and you're getting home with about 60. Okay. Yes sir. So I really dunno what to do. How Old are you? Two? I'm 23 and she's 25. Okay. Alright. How long was she married before? For eight years. Okay. Alright. Okay. There's two things here. First off, let's just go ahead and tell you she's not bankrupt, not even close. Okay. So bankruptcy's ridiculous. We're not even gonna talk about that. There's two things to be addressed here. If I'm in your shoes, in our world we call this financial infidelity, where a wife or a husband hides and lies about money to their spouse.


Okay? It's a breach of trust. And some people in marriage counseling say that this breach of trust is almost as bad and even some say worse. I don't know how, but the sexual infidelity, it's a breach of trust. When you betray or you lie to your spouse about 50 freaking thousand dollars, it touches the same nerves that infidelity touches. Do you follow me? 'cause it's a breach of trust. Yes, sir. Because then you start to wonder what else can I not trust? What else is going on, right? Yeah, I'm very, I really dunno what to do, sir.


I, I try everything that I can. Yeah. Sergeant DoorDash and driving Uber, but it's not enough to pay us $50,000 You. don, Let, lemme deal with the tactical for in in a minute. The first thing, are you guys in a good church? Yes sir. We are. Okay. Call the church and set up marriage counseling today because the two of you have to deal with this breach of trust. this is a major issue in your marriage, okay? When you find out three months after you got married that your wife has lied to you about major stuff, that's a problem in your marriage. Okay? That's a big one. It's a big old problem. I'm more worried about that than I am the 70 grand dude, you're a banker and you're a nerd, so you're more worried about the 70 grand.


So I'm trying to explain to you 70 grand ain't nothing we can take care of that. The lying and the deception has gotta an, there's gotta be repentance on that. There's, I don't know whether it was shame that kept her from telling you or because she's knew you were gonna freak out or I don't know what it was, why she didn't tell you. But that's a big deal. Yeah, I understand. And she don't want to get in touch with her ex-husband. She was very, very abused by by this guy. I don't need to Get in touch with him. Why would we need to get in touch with him To, I don't know, deal this car repo For So you, you're all the way back over on fixing it again without dealing with the marriage problem.


Dude, I'm telling you eight 80% of this problem is her lying about this. 20% is cleaning up the mess. I can clean up the mess here in no time if, but I gotta get you to understand, are you gonna call the church and get you some counseling today? Yes I will sir. Okay, both of you go 'cause you've got to explain to her what this did that, this, that. 'cause you can't go here again. this is, this is deal ending stuff. It's an integrity breach. And so now here's what we're gonna do. Alright? It's pretty simple. The medical bills are in default. They're in collections, correct? Yes sir. Are The credit cards in collections As well? Good. Same thing.


Okay. And they're cut up. Is the car loan that she's driving current? Let me just ask you something sir. She got screwed up by these guys sir. Her car, it's worth it. $3,000 on This is the car loan current? Yes. Okay, Pay it off or work your way out of it. Depending on what you're gonna do there. All the rest of these Gabriel can be negotiated with for probably 10 to 15 cents on the dollar. So you've got $64,000 that can probably be settled for six or 8,000 bucks. But you're gonna start calling them and offering 'em 10 cents on the dollar to settle and every one of 'em will take it.


You're just gonna have to hard line negotiate with 'em and get it in writing before you give them money. You can work your way through this stuff. Hold on. We're gonna put you through financial Peace University.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


No one wins at something unless they do it on purpose. Winning is an intentional act. No one accidentally wakes up and wins the Super Bowl. What happened? I don't know, I just got off the bus. No, that doesn't happen. It's a series of intentional acts, sacrifices, disciplines that cause you to win in the world of money. One of the things that causes people to win is they actually tell their money what to do instead of wondering where it went. That's called a budget. You give EveryDollar an assignment of your income on paper, on purpose before the month begins and you agree on it with your spouse. Everyone knows what's going on and we are in attack mode here. We're gonna make this money that we work so stinking hard for behave. You work too hard to be broke. So we named the world's best budgeting app EveryDollar because you give EveryDollar a name like I said, and tens of millions, literally tens of millions of people are doing their monthly budget with their spouse. Each of 'em on their phone, each of 'em on their computer, whatever with EveryDollar and you can follow through the whole baby steps routine. We'll coach you, we'll show you what to do. And It the thing is robust. It lays out each paycheck for you. Does everything Download the EveryDollar app for free in the app store or go to Google Play today?


Dylan is in Denver. Hi Dylan. Welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hey, how you guys doing today? Better than we deserve. What's up? So I guess my first question is, I have been in debt self inflicted several times. Once before I have become debt free. And I came into a situation to where I had to move states and the debt began again and I fell back into everything. I'm climbing back out this time it's quite a bit deeper than before. I ended up in an auto loan and I owe $55,000 on a car that is worth about 40 private party sale.


I also have two credit cards that are maxed out at 10,000 and 12,000. And then I have another small personal loan for 3000 and I am not quite making enough to make ends meet at my eight to nine or I'm sorry, eight to five job. So I've been doing side gig work, everything I can just to get extra cash flow to try to help pay everything off. How Old are you? I Act I'm 31. What are you making at your day job? I am at 25 an hour. So before taxes and everything take home Is credit.


Bad Credit's about 600 Bad. Okay. Yeah. You single? Yes sir. Who's the car loan with? It's actually with Toyota Financial. Of course it is. Okay. Yep. My interest rate's at 14.59% Tundra. Nope, actually it it was used at the BMW. Oh Yeah. 14.5. Yeah. Well you wanted this car bad, didn't you?


I did. I let, I let that little demon inside of me say your want is more than your need right now. And I let it win. I think this is a pretty big demon personally. I think it's a little one. IIII do agree with That. This guy's a monster. Yeah. Wow. If, if I may, I was actually just this last Saturday I was going to a couple dealerships looking for to see what a trade-in would be on it, what they would give me, everything like that. The dealership I ended up with just talking to not, I've not done anything. A gentleman I spoke to immediately I told him exactly what was going on.


The first thing he actually did was recommend that I start listening to your guys' show. So I am appreciative of that and it's already helped me out with throughout EveryDollar. I actually have my budget set and I have a meeting set next week with a personal one-on-one. Wow. But he, he recommended that I look into leasing the highest rebate vehicle at a, any dealership that gives me the highest trade in value to help eat the negative equity because of the rebate. And he said he, he's an avid listener of you guys.


And so it's, it's one of those things I'm trying to absolutely destroy everything I have dug myself into. Yeah. I, you know, I, like I said, I've done it before and I couldn't stand it. I Got it. Well, I appreciate, I appreciate his referral, but if he actually listens to this show, he knows I would never tell you to do what he told you to do. I apologize for that. Okay. That's okay. You didn't know you walked into it. But it's, it's interesting 'cause I'm, it's interesting that he sent you here because he knows I'm gonna tell you to never lease a car under any circumstances and certainly not a new car, especially as a fix for a mess you're in. Wow. Okay. Feels like a manipulative tactic to kind of go, Hey, I, I listen to Dave all the time now.


Let me tell you what I think you should do. What Do you do for a living? I I work on gags. I'm an auto tech. Interesting. And so you're making 25 wrote down, you're making 25 an hour. Did I get that right? That's correct, yes. Yeah, I think you gotta work yourself out of this, Dave. That's, I mean, you've got a skill, you've got a legitimate skill that is, that is, you can work on a lot of different things and I think part of this equation is glad you got EveryDollar going, glad you're starting to meet with the right people here and get your life under control. 'cause you're outta control. But you gotta work yourself out of this. And I think that's gonna really help you walk through this. You need to feel the pain of digging out of this so that you never do it again, but you have a very marketable skill.


I'd be working since you're single. I'd be working what kind? 60, 70 hours a week fixing Stuff. What sorts have you got certifications have you got in Auto Tech Over, over the years that I have been doing it, I'm actually a hybrid transmission specialist. Do you not think you're being underpaid? I I feel Like you are. That's a that's another lovely conversation. My career, my path in auto has changed, but in the path I'm in right now, yes, I am extremely underpaid. I Why, why don't you go move? I am actually in the process of finding other shops Because I I think you're probably a $40 an hour guy, aren't you?


I would like to think so. Yeah. Okay. I I never wanna assume something like that. I always like to tell myself it's Not a lack of humility, it's just an, it's just an observation of what you're worth Ab Absolutely. I I appreciate that. Yeah. So I, I do like to tell myself I don't make as much so that way, you know, I always plan for my paychecks to be less than what they are. Okay. I want you to work as much overtime as you can. Yes. Do as much repairs as you can. Your best side hustle is auto repair. Yep. Shade Tree. Okay. Shade Tree. You got tools, right? Yes. Okay. Yeah. You know, anything you can do to gather up Shade Tree and any, any work you can do and, and any overtime you can pick up and a job change. That's right. And let's get your income up to attack this.


I'm with Ken on that. Then back to the car. I would run over at the credit union and see if you can borrow $15,000 or Okay. Or maybe better $17,000. 'cause you need a $2,000 car when you get rid. I agree. When you get rid of this. So if you can borrow the difference and sell it, that's gonna your best bet. Your only other option. 'cause Toyota credit's not going to work with you. I, yes. Okay. So what you can do then is just begin. If you can't get that done, then say, okay, I'm gonna make an extra $2,000 a month and in seven or eight months I'm gonna pay the card down to where I can sell it. Okay.


And then I'm gonna work my way through the rest of these debts doing the same thing. Okay. And that, that was gonna be my next question. You know, now I've been listening to you guys every day since, Do not buy another car payment. Absolutely. Absolutely. So the gentleman at the other place who referred you to us, thank you for that. But he was recommending another car payment and you should be sick of car payments and sick of debt. You have no idea. And this should be your last go round. Dude. It ab I I agree with that. I agree with that. I mean, if you get drunk and you go to rehab three different times, you should eventually quit drinking. And that's kind of what's going on. You keep falling off the wagon, going right back in.


I was forced to. I fell into none of those things are true. You just stood up and pushed your right hand forward if you're right handed and signed a paper on purpose like a grown person does. Yeah. Nobody forced, nobody fell. There was no accidents here. You just straight up did. Stupid on purpose.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. this is Delony And I'm always railing against social media, especially in the summer because everyone uploads the highlight reels of their perfect bodies and perfect vacations and perfect kids and I know they're not real. And I also know that I'm blessed beyond my wildest dreams, but I still find myself wishing my life was like other people's. And based on the data I know this is happening to you too. Comparison is wired into us, but comparison can also become the thief of joy because we can feel like we're not enough and begin acting and thinking in ways we would never think otherwise. When it all gets to be too much, think about contacting BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. And by the way, therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for all of us who are ready to get outta the comparison spin cycle and find our own peace and joy in the life we're creating. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/deone.


Thanks for hanging out America. Number one bestselling author, Ken Coleman is my co-host today on The Ken Coleman Show. He talks to people about how your raise is effective when you are, you wanna move up through your career, you gotta get better. That's right. You gotta grow, you gotta add tools to your belt. And sometimes those are coping mechanisms but sometimes it's the ability to deal with people and sometimes people are struggle to deal with. Yeah. And how do you say it? One of the best parts of leading is people. One of the worst parts of leading is people. Absolutely. Business is easy till people get involved. Yeah.


All these theories and stuff, you could just execute 'em if you didn't, if you could use robots. But no, we get to do it with humans. And Stay tuned Dave. The robots may be on their way quicker than we know. Here We go. Here we go. Will Smith. Let's go. Alright, Gina's with us. Gina's in San Antonio. Hi Gina, how are you? Hi. So glad to be here. Thank you. how are you guys doing Better than we deserve. How can we help? So right now I'm on baby step two, trying to pay off some debt. I have my full-time job and I have a part-time job doing pizza delivery as you say. So I'm making pretty decent money with my full-time. I'm making about 60 4K before taxes. But I graduated with my MBA two years ago and I still haven't felt movement in that career path.


Right now I'm currently an admin for a retail company and it's not very fulfilling. I've been told to kind of stay in the lane right now for business needs and so not really practicing my creativity and I don't know really where to go next. I've tried applying to so many jobs over a hundred probably every couple weeks and not really hearing anything back. What's the field you're trying to get into? So my bachelor's was in marketing, so I really liked that. I enjoy consumer behavior, content creation, but I also really liked the strategy. So I guess I kind of bounced back and forth just trying to get, I guess as a hungry like person after school trying to get whatever I can to get into that field. Yeah. So what do you, when you talk about a hundred jobs you're applying for, gimme a sense of the level, the type of position you're actually presenting yourself for.


What is it? Yeah, so I've tried doing anything from a marketing assistant to social media marketer, any of those entry level. Okay, good. I'm not applying for marketing directors or anything. Alright. So what, tell me what the applying process looks like real quick. Gimme a 22nd description of all these applications. What's it look like? Okay, so normally it's going through indeed because I feel like I get the best response there. Even if it's a denial, they're pretty responsive. I tailor my resume towards every position that I'm applying to by going off the description and I'm not usually getting any interviews. Right. The ones that I do get are kind of like the sales position. Yep. But you have to go door to door and kind of promote like let's say a mental health company to doctors and stuff like that.


But nothing that is really in the strategy or content creation side. Okay. Alright. So here's the thing. I don't wanna discourage you, but I want to encourage you that what you're doing is essentially playing the lottery. You're, it's the same deal is going and buying your scratch ticket and hope that you hit the lottery. We live in a day and age where it's become easier than ever to apply in your evidence of it, but it's not more effective and you're gonna have to go old school and the old school play, I wrote a book, I'm gonna actually give it to you as a gift here. When we, when we're, when we're finished, it's called the proximity principle. And. It basically is this simple formula. The right people plus the right places equals opportunity.


That's the formula. In other words, if I keep meeting the right people, IE people that are in marketing, people who know people who run marketing agencies or work in marketing. So now we're going one degree, could be two degree, three degrees of separation from everybody. You know, this is how you get opportunities. It is the personal connection where somebody says, let me tell you about Gina. I've known her this long, she's this sharp, she's got an MBA, she's hungry, high character. She's, she's she'll win in the workplace 'cause she's good with people. It's that personal testimony that makes you stand out to where you get the interview and not only get the interview, but you have a very positive impression, which could be a competitive advantage.


So you've gotta change your strategy. I know you think you've been putting in the right amount of effort, but I would tell you that all the effort has been wrong because you're playing the lottery. Gina, let me illustrate that for you. At Ramsey we've got about 1100 team members. Okay? In this building with us, we hire about 25, 30, 40 people a month, something like that. Okay. And so that adds up to be like 500 a year, 400 a year, 300 a year. Some of 'em are growth positions, some of 'em are replacing people that have left. Okay. So we lose about a hundred a year. We have about a 10% turnover ratio.


By the way, people in our industry right now have about a 30% turnover ratio. So our turnover ratio is very low. But anyway, the so, so just a few hundred folks actually get a job here. You got that 15,000 applications come in. That's what you're doing. You're throwing your name in that stack. There's no chance you get hired here in that it not, I mean, almost none. Almost none. It would have to be a very unique, weird thing that happened. What does happen from time to time is somebody that works here knows somebody and they say, I, I listen, I can vouch for their character.


And, and we don't hire people because of that, but we will talk to them because of that, you get out of the stack of 15,000 and that's what the proximity principle is. That's what Ken's talking about. It's not the only way way we hire people. True. And, and I've never hired one because someone told me to ever. But I have talked to people and considered hiring them because someone told me to. Lots of people over the years and almost every month that happens. and so we do some stuff with Indeed, we do some stuff with internal recruiting, we do some other stuff. But by far our most successful stuff is internal referrals.


Gino, I wanna do a follow up question. Did I hear you say in your current company where you're a receptionist, that they told you to stay in your lane? Yeah. Did I hear you say That? Yes. You did. Yeah. Yeah. It was an admin position. So I, I do reporting and travel and stuff like that. But that, but I wanna do more of the Was was that said as a derogatory thing or was it said be patient and, and maybe there's a's an opportunity here. That's what I'm trying to discern. Well, when I was brought on, it was told that it would happen and then they kind of told me to be patient, I guess in a way, just for now. But I mean, business changes all the time, so don't really, Well how long ago was that? How long ago was that? That you came on and they told you to be patient? About five months ago.


Okay, Gina, listen, I I struggle with patience, okay? And I'm, I'm middle aged. It's been five months, Gina. So they told you, come in in this role and there might be an opportunity to move into a marketing role. Is that what I'm understanding? No, no, no, no, no. So there's no moving, this is, this is a completely different department. It's like a support group. They were just saying I could take on creative projects to kind of practice my skills and to make sure that I keep them right. I keep networking with marketing teams within the company, right? And I feel like I'm getting friends there. But I feel like I've also been told that if you leave a company, sometimes you end up getting a more raise and better experience. Okay? And So, alright, so hold on. Lemme address that. Think that I'm struggling. So Gina, lemme address that. I'm in that data every day.


I am on Fox Business all the time. Fox talking about this stuff. I'm telling you, I just saw a report, what was happening during the great resignation is no longer happening. The 15, 20% bump for changing jobs. It's no longer a reality in our current marketplace. So you are getting old data, I gotta tell you, I want you to do both and all I wanna encourage you on is to do what I've already told you to do, And, what Dave's told you to do. But I also want you to keep working in the company because that is an inside track for you. You're already in the building. Here's one other thing I'd add to that. Why don't you go, when taking lunch and coffee, as much as you can afford people in the market department, your current company, why don't you say, Hey, is there something that I could do that is just helping you, I will volunteer above and beyond my normal workload that I'm responsible for nights, weekends, is there a project?


Can I jump in? I'll roll my sleeves up and I'll help you take some load off of your back. Okay. Just because I want to help. 'cause I love this work and lemme tell you something that's very attractive. So I'd start to offer that. Keep connecting within your current company. Don't take your, your, your foot off that pedal and also don't miss the opportunity that sometimes we're five months in, Gina, five months hang in there while you're hustling on the outside. Yeah, Yeah. You're you're doing all the right stuff. We're gonna send you a copy of this book. And I, I did not hear this from you, but in case you folks are out there, I want, and and you, you, you might be saying this sometimes when you have a newly acquired degree, you think that is the magic bullet.


Yeah, your degree is absolutely worthless. The knowledge that you got getting the degree is what gives you value. But the degree is not a silver bullet. It's not gonna open doors and make this easy. You are the secret sauce. Go get it.


So George, we talk a lot about identity theft and we take calls from people that do, but yours actually got stolen. Well, don't say it with that much happiness Dave. It's true. Gosh, I do not recommend it if you can avoid it at all costs. And that's when I was much younger. I had worse hair and a negative net worth. But I worked at Ramsey at the time and so I was covered by Xandr id theft protection. So thanks Dave for covering all of us here. Absolutely. Well one thing, Xandr helps us do that. So it's a great benefit for the team, but it's a great benefit for everybody because Jeff, Xander and I have been working together for, gosh, 25 years. We've been doing stuff together since before there was an internet. And so when the internet came on and identity theft became this real serious problem, he and I started talking about it and he went and figured out a way to build an identity theft protection for the Ramsey tribe. That's how the whole thing started at Xandr. And it's the most complete because he customized it. He custom built it from the ground up. It's the most complete and cost effective protection out there. It's the best identity theft out there. Yeah, I was raised by the internet as a millennial Dave, and it's scary knowing how many websites are out there with my information. So Xandr ID theft, they bundle all the cyber tools I need to protect my identity. They've got VPN encryption 24 7 customer and recovery services and even home title monitoring. So even if your ID does get stolen, they help you like they did me by restoring your life back to normal with up to $2 million in protection for stolen funds, which is incredible. That's a big deal. So guys, you can't go without id theft protection in a day's world. It's just too much going on. There's too many people have already stolen your identity. It's out there floating around. You've gotta have this full recovery protection. Xandr is the best. So xandr.com or called 803 5 6 42 82 for the most complete identity theft protection out there. xander.com 803 5 6 42 82.


Ken, Coleman Ramsey Personality, career job personal growth expert is my co-host Number one bestselling author of several books. Yeah, he's here to help you guys. And including the last young lady, she's a sharp young lady. Yeah, that was very cool. Good call. Good call. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. We could use your help and a bunch of you have been helping us. Thank you for that. Apparently in the world of the internet, things like YouTube or Spotify or Apple podcasting world and broadcast world in the that world, if you subscribe or you follow it messes with their mathematics over there, their algorithm and they causes them to tell people about us.


And you're doing that because lots and lots and lots of new people are here like a bunch. Thank you. Thank you for that. Thanks for spreading the word. In other words, and share the show, click the share button. If you hear something funny or sad or inspiring, click it and send it to somebody informative. Click it and send it to somebody. Cut the link out. If you're listening on talk radio, thank you. Tell people where you're listening. So share the show and leave a nice five star review that helps a bunch too. All this affects the mathematics guys. And It helps us. And by the way, you're our only marketing plan. So word of mouth, if we suck, you guys aren't gonna tell anybody or you'll tell people we suck and we'll be outta business.


If we do good and we help you and you tell people, then we get more folk to help and that's why we're here. So life is good. Katie's in Phoenix. Hi Katie, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So my husband and I are currently on baby step two and we're about to set up our will. We haven't done anything like that before. So we're doing that. My question is, we do have a 2-year-old son and another little one on the way. Yay. Do we, do we need to set up a trust for them like and then put that on our life insurance and in the will?


Or is that like a testamentary trust that's in the will enough? What I did, when our kids are that age And, what I recommend is a family trust that is formed at your death. Okay? And then you wouldn't, and you give that trust a name. And the will, the instructions of the will are upon our, if both of you die. Okay? Yes. In other words, if you die, your husband's gonna take care of things. If he dies, you're gonna take care of things. Okay? Yes. So there's that part. But then if you both die, that's what we're worried about. And we're gonna name it, you know, the, the KD trust or whatever we call it.


Okay? And, and, and you know, the, your family name, whatever it is, children's trust and, and you call it whatever you want. It doesn't matter. And then, then you name the beneficiary, the secondary beneficiary, not the primary on the life insurance policy to be the trust. The primary beneficiary would be your husband for your life insurance would be you for his life insurance. Yes. The secondary meaning if both of you died, it would go to this trust. And the trust is only formed upon your death. Okay? Okay. Now, once you've done that, so let's say that you had between two of you had a million bucks and you left a million bucks in the trust, you got a couple of babies. Well then you say, okay, who's the guardian of the children? And you put that in the will.


And that can be the same person that manages the trust or it can be a separate person. It's ideal for it to be two people. One manages the kids, one manages the money for the good of the kids. That way nobody gets confused. Okay. Yeah, I hadn't thought about that. Okay. And then this, then in the trust, I'll tell you some of the stuff we put in ours at the time, our kids are grown. So all that went away. It only worked. We only used it while they were minors. Okay? So now it's just left to them, okay? Today. So it's, they're, 'cause they're grown people and so, but, and it's much more complicated 'cause we've got a bunch of crap. But anyway, the but, but the inside of a children's trust like that you can name, we had stuff like I want the million dollars and put into four mutual funds.


I want you to contact this person, our smart investor pro to help you put, pick the four mutual funds. I want the four mutual funds to have 10 year track records. One growth, one growth in income, one aggressive growth in one international or two of each category. And then the income off of that is to be used at x number of dollars to be sent to the person who's taking care of the children to give them monthly support. Okay? So we're gonna send 'em $5,000 a month off of this account or whatever it is for monthly support And. then when they turn 16, some of the money can be used to pay half of their car. They need to save the other half the and work for it.


Then, then when they, if they have a major medical event, some of the money could be used to cover a major medical event of a child when they go to college. Some of the money could be used to pay for college and whatever money's left after they graduate from college, we left it to 'em. Okay, whatever. It wasn't used up to care for them as they grew. Went to college, got a car, had a medical, whatever. Okay. And that's how ours was set up. Again, all of that evaporated and is gone because we outlived the need for that. Yes. But that's how we structured every bit of that. You can do that with an attorney. You can do it with MamaBear, Legal, Forms, either one. but it gives you a lot of peace to know and you talk through, okay.


It makes you stop and think, who do you want raising your kids? Oh, It's a big deal. Yeah. That's why you need a will. And I would add Katie, once the kids are old enough to understand the concept of all this, I think it's really wise to sit down and explain it to 'em. What a wild lesson for them to really get the, the responsibility that you've taken on their behalf. And I believe that will be transferred on. I think it's a wonderful life lesson. Once they grasp it to explain what you've done for them. I believe they'll pass it on and really appreciate It now. and so we obviously sat down with the people that were identified to take care of the children, right? The guardians. Yeah. And said, okay, there's gonna be this number of millions of dollars over here. Yep. And here's the terms on it. It's gonna send you money to take care of them.


So they're not a financial burden for you to take on. As a matter of fact, they're gonna be a blessing, but it's not gonna be 50,000 a month. Okay. It's gonna be enough to take care of them. Right. And not cost you money as a result of having the kids. And if they have a problem, they'll be able to cover the medical and if, you know, have to worry about a car. So you, it's gonna cost you guys nothing. Yep. You're, you know, you probably actually might pocket a little bit out of this. It might might be, but it's not, it's not gonna make you rich to raise these kids, but it's not gonna cost you anything to raise these kids. That's right. And so then they know that's going on and then the trustee knows what your intentions are and you've talked that through the trustee so You don't die and then everybody has to figure out this is what you're trying to do.


You cover all of it while you're alive. Yeah, we did the same. And, and it's, it is, there's a great piece. It's a Great piece. It's sobering too. Well it is. It's heavy. No question. Yeah. Wow. Leslie's with us and Yuma, Arizona. Hi Leslie, how are you? Hello Dave. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I have a question about owner financing and balloon payment. My elder parents are asking me for advice. They've been trying to sell a house that they own in another state for months. And finally they received an offer for owner financing.


The house was originally listed for 179,000 and the offer is a purchase price of 200,000, which 15,000 down financing five year balloon payments of $513 a Month run away quickly. Okay. This is somebody who went to some weekend get rich quick seminar. They're overpaying for the house. They're not putting enough down to where they lose anything. And when they hand the keys back to your elderly parents, they will have stripped the house out.


Okay. No run, Run. Yes. And and you know what, the, the realtor, she said, oh, this looks like a good idea. And I think, yeah, why? Looks like a good idea to fire your realtor. Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm getting a different realtor. It's not a good idea. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Because they'd be better off to rent it because then they still own it. And then I'll have to foreclose to take it back later when this goober runs off to wherever. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm gonna pay you 200,000 for 179,000. I'm, I'm, that's 30,000 more than it's worth. Or 20,000 more. 21,000 more than it's worth. But I'm gonna put down 15,000, which means we're still not even into the value.


Okay. If you're that desperate to buy a house, there's something wrong with you. Hello? Yeah. Run. Run. I have a friend that says, when in doubt don't, this is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. No matter what platform you use for news or entertainment, you and I both know it is way too hard to keep your feed from getting junked up with bad content. I know I'm not the only one who's gone searching for The Ramsey Show only to find myself two pause and 12 videos deep in a kitten hole on YouTube, which is great, but not what I'm looking for right now. And heck, if you're tuning into this digitally, there's probably some weird scammy suggested content trying to play in the sidebar right now. Cryptocurrency. See what I mean? And that's why I love the Ramsey Network app. It is the best place for uninterrupted easy access to the content that keeps you focused on your goals. It's all Ramsey all the time, which means you don't have to worry about getting off track. And with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey content Yep, you heard that right? 7,000. this is your one stop single destination for advice you can trust and nothing you can't. So do yourself a favor, get rid of the distractions and dial things in. All you gotta do is search Ramsey Network app in the app store, or click the link in the show notes to download the Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Ken Coleman Ramsey personality Number one bestselling author, host of The Ken. Coleman Show is my co-host today. If home number's triple eight eight two five five two two five Ava's in Colorado Springs. Hi Ava, how are you? I'm okay Dave, how are you today? Better than I deserve? What's up? Well, thanks for taking my call. I'm a little nervous and it's, it's kind of a lot so I'm gonna try to summarize it 'cause I know time is of the essence on phone calls like these, my husband of over 30 years has left me the third time in five years he's left and he's told me that if I do not give him, help him get a HELOC on the house for over a hundred thousand dollars, he'll file a divorce for divorce.


And I, I'm just really scared and I'm not exactly sure what to do. I don't wanna do that and I, I won't do that. I won't use our house, you know, in that way. And I'm just, I, I have a, a little bit of savings but I don't have enough to maintain the bills and pay a lawyer. Hmm. Are are you, are you living in the house a Lot more than I'm he left. I was, yeah, my, he left and I'm Sorry, I'm trying to main figure out how to maintain everything. He, he just started a new job and so Why does he want to heal on he, He says it's because he wants to buy some land and a race car, a sports car.


Okay. I'm so sorry. Yeah. And I am just not really sure how to proceed because I can't, I don't have enough money right now to hire an attorney and pay the bills because he is no longer getting a paycheck because he just started a new job. He used to get, you know, auto pay and then this all just happened. When Does this pay Jonathan in place now? He hasn't given me any details. I've asked specific questions via email and he has not given me specifics. Okay. And you, you don't work outside the home? I do actually. I make quite a bit less than What do you make?


He does and anywhere between, I mean Last year, so I'm a realtor Last year. My business took a loss this year. I'm probably tracking, you know, to make around 40 right now and hope, you know, hope hoping and working towards more. Okay. Alright. Do you have family in the area? I do. Okay. Good. Family or toxic? I have really, really good family. I just don't want to, you know, I just wanna, I don't wanna put this on other people. It doesn't feel, Do you have children that are grown? They're grown, Yeah. Where, where are they?


Here and then one is out of state as well. Are you in a good church? I used to be. I am not currently, but I am in the word. I read my bible every night. I read my devotional every day and pray. It wasn't it, I wasn't trying to judge you, I was just trying to figure out where, who's around you that can love you. Well that's all I was trying To figure out. Yeah, yeah, I understand. I understand You've kids, you got family and you could plug back into a church or if not that church to have people around you to walk with you through this because you feel very alone. I can hear it. Yeah. It's unsure and how to, how to proceed. If I hire an attorney, I won't have enough money to pay the mortgage.


If I don't hire an attorney, I feel like I'm going to end up, you know, You need to call, call, need to call today and get an appointment with an attorney because part of his paycheck when he gets it, is gonna go to you immediately during a legal separation in Colorado. Okay. So this idea that you're somehow that he gets to keep all of his money and go play wherever he wants to play when he is been married for 30 years is not true. It doesn't work that way in any state. So I'm not an attorney, but you've got a lot more things you can do to get the short term cash issues, which are scaring you.


So when he starts getting a check, some of it's gonna be yours immediately if you get a good attorney. I, I, I wanna follow up Ava. Is this a pattern of a threat associated with the other times that he's done this, he's done this before? Is it always pre kind of after he threatens you or in, in conjunction with some type of a threat? A manipulation? I think a manipulation is a good way to put it. I think he, Yeah, I think he's, I think it's, this is, I think this is emotional extortion and I think he's full of crap and I I I'm with Dave. I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm not in any way. I agree with all of Dave's advice. I'm gonna say something kind of like, I'm gonna act like you're brother, like you're my sister and this guy.


Yeah, this guy I think is a punk. I think he's a coward. No real man does this, this is straight up manipulation, emotional extortion. I'd call his bluff because I see a pattern here. You said three to five times he's done this, I thought. Is that right Dave? You've done this three in the Last year. He's done this longer than me. Dave, am I off on this? No you're not. I feel like there's something where she could call his bluff while she does what you're, So the bottom line is there's nothing he can do except give you some of his money immediately. Yeah. I Don't think he has anything over you. So He, you know, other than you want stay, if you wanna stay married to the guy, which if you do, there's gonna be extensive counseling needed.


Yeah. 'cause I don't, I I would not send you back into this situation again. I Agree. And you're certainly not gonna cave. And you already told me you weren't gonna cave to this. No, I ridiculous. I never get that. It's ridiculous. So what is the home worth? I would say it's worth between 1.3 and 1.4 million. What do you owe on it? Under six. Okay. Alright, cool. So, you know, you, you are gonna get a lot of money when it sells and you're gonna start a new life with a broken heart because things didn't turn out like you thought they were going to. And there's some grief that goes with that, that's very real and you're probably gonna get a substantial portion of his income coming to you.


It's called alimony. Okay. And and guess what? He doesn't get a race car. That's exactly right. Which I just hate. I hate that a lot. That was sarcasm. And so Yeah, I would remind him, Ava, what Dave's telling you, like okay, I'll play and get your alimony payment figured out and get everything figured out on this. Yeah. You know, here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna sell the house and you're gonna get a portion of that. I'm gonna get a big portion of your 401k from the last job. Yeah. And I'm gonna get a big portion of your check going forward called alimony. Yeah. And so you're gonna wish Yeah. That you hadn't thought of this idea when you're done. Yeah. Not I know. And the is problem is, the problem is he is not a keeper.


I I wish he was. Unless, unless you have dramatic repentance on his part. Yeah. And some real strong counseling. Right. this is not a key, it's not gonna work out and I'm so sorry. Yeah. It's heartbreaking after 30 years. Wow. Well actually it was probably, he said it started five years ago. It was probably 20 years of last, 10 of them not been good years. But the, I'm so sorry. And then you're gonna go make millions of dollars in the real estate business and you have a wonderful life and he's gonna realize how bad he screwed up and gosh, I'm so sorry. Yeah. Go get an attorney today. The attorney will talk to you without putting down $10,000. And when you tell him where, where he works and they can get in touch and they can start getting some of his money, they'll, they'll help you gather up the money to get there.


You got a lot of equity to get there. A retainer.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. As a new dad, I see a lot of things in a new light. The cost of diapers, the value of sleep, and how crucial it is to have a will. Because if something happens to me, I don't want my family stressing about the details. And that's why I recommend making a will with MamaBear Legal Forms a will gives you peace of mind knowing things will be taken care of the way you want. Instead of a random probate judge deciding who gets your fine China or precious moments collection. Looking at you Aunt Shirley, if you think you're too busy or don't have enough time, no excuses here. I completed my will in just 20 minutes with their easy online process. Plus if something comes up you can make changes to your will for free for up to six months until you are completely satisfied. And listen, there's a lot of online will companies out there, but what's great about Mama Bear is that there's no membership, no subscription, no upselling. The price is the price. And if you love a good deal like me, go to MamaBear Legal Forms dot com right now and save 20% with promo code Ramsey. That's MamaBear Legal Forms dot com promo code Ramsey


Ken Coleman Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Alice is with us in Houston. Hi Alice, how are you? Hi sir. Good, thank you. Good. What's up? Okay, so I'm on baby step two and I have a very expensive car. It was 67,000, it's a 2024. It's electric so I don't have to waste any money on gas. That's the one good thing about it, but I still owe 41 on it Right now I owe 1 51 on my house and those are my only two debts. I take home 70,000 from work, 20,000.


My boyfriend lives at my house and pays half the bills and then 10,000 my kid gets social security disability from his father and so he got a back pay payment of 25,000 and it's been almost a year now. And I've had that put up. He also had like savings since he was little. He has 5,000, this is my kid, so 5,000 from me saving 25 from his dad's social security. And then I have another kid, she only has one in like 2000. So do I use my money to pay off my car or do I just leave our money alone because that's technically borrowing money and just make my money and pay my stuff.


I can pay off my car really fast. You said the car's worse? 67 and you owe 41? No, I bought it for 67. It's pro, when I look at KBB it's between 45 and 48. And you owe 41 On it and you make seven. Yes sir. I take home 70. Yes sir. I'll get outta the way fast. I do not at all. Like the way that feels taking your kids' money to clean up your mess. It's ridiculous. It's awful. No, No either because you bought a car that you can't afford. You wanted to make sure You bought a car you can't afford. Okay, I got it. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, we teach, we teach. Listen, here's the thing Alice.


Things with motors and wheels go down in value rapidly. And so one of the guidelines we use for wealth building is don't have more tied up in things with motors and wheels all added together. If you've got boats and motorcycles and side byside, whatever it is, add 'em all together. They should not be more than half your annual income and if they are, you have too much going backward to prosper. 'cause you're losing your butt on everything with motors and wheels, including what you're driving. And so you've got more than half your annual income tied up in this car. It's worth 48. You only make 70.


Well actually it's your take home. So you probably make 90, so you're right around half. So if you want to keep the car, you're probably right on the bubble, but you really bought a car or you shouldn't have bought. That's the bottom line. Yes, I agree. And and so either sell it and move down or pay it off very quickly. But no, I would not use your children's money just because, you know, if you were calling me up and you said, you know, I'm raising these children and this Social security money covers the cost of raising the child. And, you know, we're, we're doing some other things.


I have many times told people to use that money. Okay? It's not their money, technically it comes in their name. But when you know, what you get from social security, even if it's back pay total is, is not what it costs to raise a child. So you spend more on the child than they're getting. So if you use that money in your monthly budget, that, that, I usually tell people that's okay, but I'm not gonna do that if I'm in your shoes to pay for something, I shouldn't have bought the first place that, that's more for survival and for month to month bills that I'm talking about. And this is far from survival. this is a, a luxury item that you couldn't afford. And, and now we're trying to clean it up with their check.


No, I would never do that. Ever. Alex is with us in New York. Hi Alex. how are you? Hi. Hi, Mr. Ramsey. I've pinch washed a lot of your shows this Last year. So when we decided to buy a house, we decided to do the Ramsey way and throw all of our money at it. But as the closing approaches at the end of the month, I'm getting nervous that we will basically have no money left and quote, have all the X in the same basket. I'm wondering whether we should take a a, a mortgage or should we just use our cash?


How much is the purchase price on the house? It's nine 90. And how much money do you have? I think about 1.1 right now. Okay. So you'll have like a hundred thousand dollars left over and you'll own a million dollar house. Yeah. But like you said, a good growth fund would increase at seven to 10% per year and houses doesn't seem to appreciate the same rate. So like people have been telling me, especially recently to not put all the money in the house. I don't know if that's why There's a lot of broke people with opinions about other people's money.


So what people have been telling you, I couldn't give a crap less about. So you had decided up until people got involved to pay cash, right? Yeah. What was it that was motivating you to pay cash? Well, I mean, we actually never took how much debt for anything. So why? What was your motivation? Why, why pay cash? I don't know. To save interest. Okay. Right. So we don't have to pay interest And payments. Yeah, but it and payments, what's your household income?


That's three 50. Without a hou house payment and no other payments in the world, you should be able to build cash very, very quickly, shouldn't you? I hope so. Well, no, I mean, really mathematically it's not a hope. Yeah, it's a math formula. Three 50 minus no payments equals a lot of money, Right? Yeah. There's good property tax and like that. Where did the, where did the 1.1 come from? Savings. Oh. So you already know how to do this and yet you're arguing with me. No, no, no.


I'm, No, I'm telling you, you know how to save money. You saved up 1.1 on three 50 and now you're gonna have no payments on our, on your housing, which you don't have. Now you're paying something on housing now and, and, and it's, so it's, I'm saying it's really easy to stack cash and you're going, I don't know. Well, yes you do. You saved up 1.1. You already know how to do this and you can, it's gonna be even easier without a house payment. Yeah. Alex, I'm gonna tell you what I think's happened here. I think your values led you the right direction. Your values have driven you to a unbelievable position of having 1.1 cash for a home. And you ran into somebody who has some influence in your life and they're starting to mess with your head. But your values and your gut were right on the whole time.


And now influences are messing with you. Isn't that what's happening? Maybe? I think so. Yeah. Yeah. I'm here to tell you that's exactly what's happened. But Also it's a very huge purchase that makes me, Yeah, but remember you just told Dave the reason you didn't wanna have A mortgage is Because of the payments. If you put a mortgage on, it's still a huge purchase. That's true. Yeah. And it's matter of fact, it's two huge purchases. A mortgage and a house. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. So I listen, either don't buy the house and walk away from the deal or pay cash. If I were in your shoes, sir, that's what I would do. And you are going to have millions and millions of dollars as a result of that advice if you listen to me.


Because without a house payment, you with a house payment or with rent, you've already saved up with your income. 1.1, you're already a stellar Yeah. Saver. And so you're gonna rebuild this so you're have another million dollars in cash laying around so fast. So fast. It's gonna be just please do it. Please do it. Wow. It's interesting, I guess when you walk out the first time and you have to step on something that you didn't, that you've never stepped on before, you have to step into something Yes. You've never been before. That's right. It's naturally umhmm. It's the first time he bought a million dollar property. That's A lot. Yeah. And his friends played into, they weren't trying to manipulate, but they played into that fear by giving him an option.


And now you can kind of rationalize Fear. No, they, they didn't give him an option. They shamed him. Might have been. Yeah. Yeah. Like, yeah. What kind of idiot are you Getting? A mortgage man? Nobody does that. That's, yeah, nobody pays cash. Who are you listening to? Some hillbilly in Tennessee. Come on, man. And that allows him to rationalize the fear. You Go, then you go, I don't know now. Yeah, now I'm suddenly unsure. Yeah. I'm the guy with 1.1 million in cash and I'm unsure. Yeah. Come on Alex, you got this, man. You got it. You can do it. this is The Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle, the Number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


Ken Coleman Ramsey personality is my cohost today. Today's question comes from Gary in Louisiana. I'm in my mid forties and I'm a senior executive at a publicly traded company. My wife is also successful in her field. We have no debt except for our mortgage, which I can pay off from expected bonuses and maturing vested accounts. I'm starting to burn out and have side interests that could become full-time work for me. Is there a rule of thumb for how much cash cushion you should build before you jump off and start your own business? For instance, should I have a certain number of years of living expenses in savings? I feel a bit silly asking this question because I feel like the answer is go, go, go. But I'm also in my peak earning years and don't wanna be foolish about the amazing resources I've been given at my current job.


Well, a rule of thumb for me on how much money I like to give people advice to have, if you're gonna jump into your side business, I'd want to have 12 months of living expenses in the bank. And that's because I just don't want people to have the pressure to survive when, when going into working for themselves, it's hard enough to be a solopreneur or to run a business without the pressure of trying to eat. In this case, in your situation, because of your financial situation, I'd also say I'd want the side hustle to be making 70. A rule of thumb for me would be a minimum of the side hustle earning 75% of your current income.


That would be minimum for me, not ideal minimum. So minimum 75% of income, and then 12 months of your living expenses in the bank. So that essentially you've got that pipeline of business built up in that you're making a good chunk of your current salary. And we have a very strong account of retained earnings, is what we call that here at Ramsey Solutions in that business account. That would be, for me, a bare minimum. Other than that, I think it's, I think it's too risky. And I, again, I just don't want the pressure of of this side business feeding me. I want to know that it's mature And, it's proven. Yeah. When I get desperate shortly after that, I usually get stupid.


The, yeah, you change your words. People say stupid things about starting their own business, like take the leap, Jump into it. So what Ken is describing is you pull the boat up next to the dock and you step into it, and then you actually won't need any of your money you have set aside because you're gonna be earning almost as much. And soon after that, we'll be earning more than you used to earn because you're got the business growing on a trajectory. And it's almost there already. But you can take the step, not the leap or the jump by pulling the boat close to the dock, but too often what we see is the boat is, it's a hundred yards out and you come running down the dock and leap like you can make it or something, and all you gets wet.


Okay? You're just jumping in. That's all you're doing. It's dumb. And so that's not what you're describing, Gary. You're describing wisdom and thinking through this and all that, but I, in other words, I wouldn't start, I wouldn't say if you had five years saved up and zero income production Yeah. On the side hustle and you quit a perfectly great day career hoping. Yeah. See, that's a leap of faith. That's unwise. And that's kind, it's actually foolish is what it's, so you don't do that. So there's, because you could burn through any amount of money if you have no replacement income.


So the more replacement income you have, the less pad you need. Let's pretend, let's be crazy for a second. Let's pretend that his side hustle took off all of a sudden before he realized it even. Yeah. And he was making 150% of what he makes now, how much savings would he need? None. That's exactly right. You're getting A raise, right? You wouldn't have to have a year set back, you wouldn't have to have anything set back. But if you're gonna go with that 75% guideline that Ken's talking about, then I completely agree with the one year and, you know, six months of that's your emergency fund. Six months is set to the other set to the side just to cover cash shortages where you're gonna burn.


Yeah. If you have any cash shortages. And of course, the other thing you've done wisely is you're out of debt and you guys are, you know, your wife has a good career, which also will help you make this step. Yeah, I agree. What we're preaching here is moderation, patience, hold, you know, just don't, if you Were, if you're running a business already, guys, I, I I know, like we've got profit centers all through Ramsey. We have different things we do here, publishing live events, broadcast all these different things here. They're all different profit centers. We don't leap here. That's Right. You know, I'm already running a business and I don't, we don't, let's, let's just go see if we can lose $10 million.


Heck no, man. Yeah, no, no. I mean, we, what we do is we do, look, we try stuff, we want to prove the concept. Yeah. I call it proof texting. That's right. Right. I wanna test market. I wanna prove the concept before I bet the farm on it. And you're, that's all you're doing with your business. You're proving the concept by actually making money doing it. It's no longer a freaking theory. It's not a dream. You're a dream killer, Dave. No, I'm a nightmare killer. I'm all about you living your dreams, but I'm not gonna help you with your nightmares and people jumping when they have zero income on the side hustle. That's a nightmare. It's unwise and it's not, it's not that Dave doesn't Yeah, I'm completely entrepreneurial.


I'm, I'm so, I'm the biggest capitalist pig you will ever meet. I love capitalism. I love taking a reasonable risk for an awesome return. I, I do it every day and I want that for you guys. Lisa's with us in Toronto. Hi Lisa, how are you? Oh my gosh. Hi Dave. Hi Ken. I'm super excited to be talking to you. I love your show. I listen to it every day. So I have a question, obviously. So I am 53 years old and I just downsized into a home that is leaving me mortgage free. So I'm really excited about that.


I have no debt except for like $2,500 because of my move. And I have a boyfriend and he, we are talking about him moving into my home and a couple of options that we're thinking about. One is that he pays for half of the house and then he is on the deed or the title, whatever, but he's, he's super, so we're both divorced. I have my kids every other week. He's super gun shy because we've both been burnt. And so how long have You been dating?


Five years. When, when do you get not gun shy? It's, it's been a thing, I'll be honest. I mean, you want him, I get it if it's five months, but dude, painter get off the ladder. Yeah, I agree. Okay. No, you do not deeded your paid for house to Mr. Gun shy. Yeah. Not a chance. Okay. So this was the other, because he was talking about he pays for half, I don't care. You do not want own a house with people you're not married to. Okay. That's what I kind of Figured. Freaking nightmare. So, so what I was thinking, Get married.


Well there's that, there's, That solves the whole issue. So, so another option would be, and I don't know if I like this one any better, but him moving in, selling his house of course. And then, you know, we split the bills and then if there's any house improvements, then we each pay for half and you know, take it out of like a separate bank account so we can keep track of it. And then if things go terribly wrong, then okay, here's your half of what you put into the house. We don't have to worry about how much the house has increased in value.


I'm exhausted hearing that. Did you hear what you just said? I did. I did. And that's why I said this is an Awful lot of work to say that we're, that we still aren't ready to get married. Get, yeah. So here's what I think. Okay. You called to ask and I'm sorry, but I'm duty bound to love you. Well, no, I, I love your advice. I'm Ready. I think I, I think you guys, this is what this is bringing up is you need what the old teenagers used to call in the eighties. A define the relationship moment. That's what I was Thinking. I think we need to decide what we is. Okay. Y'all are trying to be something halfway and it's not working for you. It is way too much work.


I think you either need to get on or get off. Let's decide are we gonna get married? If we are, then we can talk about combining assets and incomes. And that's what married couples should do. People who are shacking up should not do any of that ever. He should not move in if he's not gonna get married. this is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent


Ken Coleman Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Well, don't miss your chance. And the window is closing. The, the rooms are running out to join us on the live like no one else cruise. We're gonna be on a very high end, very nice Holland America. Fairly new, almost new ship. A hundred percent of the ship will be Ramsey people. It'll be all the Ramsey personalities the whole week, including Sharon and I, my friend Steven Curtis Chapman Dove Award winner, multiple Grammy Award winner, multiple be there performing with us. Maneet Shohan from the Food channel will be there. Dina Carter, famous country music artist. Remember the song Strawberry Wine? She'll be with us. It's gonna be a great cruise. It's the live like no one else cruise because after you've gotten out of debt and you're on baby step 4, 5, 6 or seven, that's when you start doing things like vacations and you live like no one else. So that later you can live like no one else. We want you to come, we want you to be part of it. The stops are incredible. It's a full seven day cruise. Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, Bahamas absolutely incredible. March 22 through 29 of 2025. So it's coming up here in about nine or 10 months and we goodness, we would love to have you with us there, but it's almost sold out. You've just got a handful of rooms left and we would love to have you so put down a $600 deposit and you can hold the room before they're gone. I highly suggest you do that quickly. Book yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. We'd love to have you. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise.


Lindsay is with us. Lindsay's in Salt Lake City. Hi Lindsay, how are you? Hi. Wonderful, thank you. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Thank you for taking the time to help me. I am a recently widowed 50-year-old and I am trying to figure out if I should go back to school to increase my income, have financial stability. How Long ago? How long ago ago did he pass? February. Oh my goodness. Wow. How long were y'all married? 30 years. Oh Wow. I'm so sorry honey. Thank you. What happened?


He went into, sorry, I'm It's okay. He went into respiratory arrest, so it was very unexpected and sudden. So yeah. I'm so sorry. So you were, you were at home full-time before that? No, actually I have always worked. We have three kids and always kind of balanced the kids and work and, but I am self-employed and it's So What do you Do now? You know, I'm a physical rehab therapist.


Okay. And how old are the kids? 22, 20 and 16. Okay. So you got a teenager at home? I do. Okay. What's your financial situation? Any kind of life insurance debt, what's that look like? So I have 200,000 sitting in a 5% interest account at a credit union. I have 90,000 in a 4 0 1 and I have 30,000 sitting in a savings at a credit union. And no debt House is paid for And it's not paid for.


I owe 225 on it right now at 3.37. And What do you currently make? Yeah, I only What do you currently pay yourself outta your business? Yeah, it's, I, I about 50,000 a year is what my business makes and basically I take that it's a very, very small business. Have you run So and so? we always relied on his Sure. What was his income? 90,000 a year. Okay. Have you run some numbers on your budget to kind of drive this question on, should I go back to school to increase my income? In other words, what do you believe you need to increase your income by?


So you go from 50 to what and do you need that for margin? I mean, give us the real, real on this. So the real real is I've been doing what I do for 25 years and we knew that my hands could only take it for so long and we knew that was kind of winding down. My goal was to take my experience and my passion for what I do and turn it into being a hospice nurse. Okay. So still working with people and helping them and I was gonna obviously be able to take my time to do that. Right. So this is more of now I need to stop doing what I do because I have no security And what I do.


There is no guarantee in my job physically or financially and I What kind of timeframe do you think you have on your hands, your the, the physical ability to do this? I, I mean I was planning on kind of starting a transition right this year. Okay. So I've got a thought here, but one other question. Sure. Have you looked into what it would cost? And I don't mean name brand school, I mean, what's the cheapest that you can get qualified to be a hospice nurse? Yes. So it would be a community college and the program to do that would be, I believe it was $16,000, but I had to take all the prerequisites to get into the program.


Alright, so what's the So it's going to be a couple of years before I even do that. Okay. So two years and 16,000 total. Okay. Well, so here's the deal. That's the RN program though. Got It. But Lindsay, you've got the cash. Yeah. So the, the hardest part of this deal is paying for a degree like this and you've got Right. So we check the box on that And you can keep working during that time. And I almost wonder, I I, and I hear your fear muscle kind of flaring up here and I get it. I just wonder if you shouldn't look into being a therapist for someone else so that you don't have this added pressure of going outta the cave, killing it and dragging it back.


I I I just wonder if that's not a viable option to where you at least take that stress off. You're fine financially, even if you were to continue making 50, you're okay. Correct. Correct. I just wonder if that transition wise, you know, it takes the mental stress out. Wait, how, how long have you been making? 50 Years. Years, Right? Yeah, years. Years. Okay. this is more secure than it feels like right now. That's true. That, that's a good point. Because Your world is crumbled. Yeah. I just I know. I physically can't continue to do it though. Yeah, But you're not, I'm not asking you to, you can do it for two years, can't you? Hopefully Yes. Yeah. While you go get your school done.


Okay. So the net the net net caught, you're gonna live on 50 K and you're gonna work and you're gonna go to school and you're gonna get your nursing degree. Okay. What's a hospice nurse make? I, it's probably gonna top out at about 60,000 a year. Okay. I mean, you're gonna get a full nursing degree, correct? Correct. Okay. So you can do any kind of nursing, hospice is one thing that you're interested in, but certainly correct. You're not, you're not obligated to only do that. And as you know, nurses can do they work as much as they wanna work. Yeah. You can get all, all the work you want and you can make a hundred if you wanna. So it's up to you though.


I mean, so if your hands can make it two years, which they were going to have to anyway, or you're gonna have to just live on your husband's income before, right? Right. Correct. If You were gonna just quit and do this, but, or if you make it one year and then you use some of the 200 to live on in year two while you spend 16 and finish up the degree. but yeah, I'm with you. I think it's a smart move. I would go do it. Yeah, absolutely. Okay. And then do I leave the money that I do have just sitting where they're at right now? Yes. Yes. Okay. To make this transition, as soon as your new income is stabilized, write a check and pay your house off.


But that's the new career. And that's two years from now, Correct? Well, probably closer to four. I'm sorry, I thought we were saying two. Well, the, the, the program, the RN program is two years long, but I have to take all the prerequisites to get into that program. Oh, okay. And then by the time I get through the program and graduate, it'll be about four years from right now. Okay. Alright. Yeah, Go back and reverify that. It's gonna take you that long to do the prereqs. Maybe you can knock them in a year. I, I would, I would roll up my sleeves Yes. No pun intended. And get those done in a year if I can. I like your plan overall though. I'm sorry for what you've been through and you're thinking very clearly for someone that's in this situation.


So very, very good job. And we're here to help you. If you need anything, you call us. Okay. this is The Ramsey Show Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman Ramsey Personality Number one bestselling author host of The Ken Coleman Show, where he helps folks with their personal growth. So their career is maximized. He's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Vince is with us in Phoenix.


Hi Vince, how are you? Hey, how's it going, Dave Better than I deserve. What's up? I'd just like to start off with giving glory to God. Literally five minutes before I called, I wrote down on a piece of paper and I said, I have a net worth of negative 110,000. And right below that I put I will become a baby steps mailing nurse. So cool. I, my question is, I know, you tell us, you won't tell us to file bankruptcy, but my question I guess would be is am I bankrupt? I have about $32,000 in credit card debt. I have, I owe about $60,000 on my truck.


I had a travel trailer that I was living in that got repossessed and at the time I owed 36,000 on that. So I kind of put in there that I'll be upside down, 10 to 15,000, may maybe more. I owe about 13,000 in taxes. And let's see, I think that's it. What do you make? Yeah, It's above it. This year I should make about 50 to 60. What do you do? I started a business back in, I started a business back in 2021. I built shade structures. First year I netted about 75. Second year was, so 2022, about 85, 20, 23, 60.


And then 2024. I'm at 30 so far. You You, you build what? I build shade structures like ramada, pergolas, I do carpentry work as well. Okay. Why the drop in income? I guess just the market. I, I, I mean it's just slowed down. I've, I've done, I do great work. I get good reviews. I I don't advertise much. I've always struggled with that. I kind of just worked off of Facebook essentially And It down. So, so did your word of mouth leads just slowly trickle down? Yes. Yeah, Exactly. That has a lot to do.


That's consistent with what we saw with people, consumer spending on home improvement projects and stuff like that coming out of the pandemic so that, that's not inconsistent. But as a carpenter, you should have more work than you can actually get as a carpenter. Yeah. And and I would say it's just the effort that I've put in as far as like, like I said, in advertising or any of that, I just, I really, my focus has really gone down. I guess you could say I've just struggled, But in Phoenix, Arizona, you can make 90 to a hundred as a carpenter going to work for somebody. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was working At A fabrication shop.


I, I understand, I understand. I I wanted to work for myself and then what I, what I'm, I Want you to work for yourself too, but I don't want you to be bankrupt, so we can't have these two things competing with each other. You're not getting enough income in and, and we need to get some income coming in. I don't care where it comes from. It'd be su it'd suited me. Fine. If you got 42 decks to build in the next two weeks and took off and you made a hundred K working for yourself, that's fine. I don't care where you get it, but you're gonna have to get it. Yes. Your problem is an income problem. Yes. And I, I'm starting, like I said, I have all the tools. I'm starting the details because there's a super low cost in startup, a mobile detailing, something I'm passionate about as well.


So I'm getting ready to start that here in the next couple weeks. Like I said, I'm just gathering the stuff that I need to buy. I, I've looked up and done a lot of research and that kind of stuff, Vince, a few people that I know in the market. Vince, You're broke. Yes. And you're, and you're, and we're telling you, you gotta get after it with one of the most sought after trades in America right now. You can go look this up. It's all over the internet. There's a shortage of carpenters and you're in one of the hottest markets in America. You want Yeah. Don't buy a pressure washer. Go get your carpenter work going. Yeah. Like do the pressure washing down the line, but right now you need money. Go, you know? Yeah. Go call every customer you've had and ask them for a referral.


Okay. By, by the weekend. And then and, and expand and quit trying to be such a freaking artist with a copps. Let's go build some stuff. I don't care what it is. Swing a hammer. Drive a nail. Yeah. That somebody pays you to do and make some money. If you were making a hundred K, you wouldn't have called me. Exactly. Okay. this is an income problem. It's not a debt problem, so it's not a bankruptcy problem. And if you can't afford the truck, sell the truck. But by the way, if you file bankruptcy, you lose the truck. So, and the truck is ridiculous in this situation. Yes, it is. You owe way too much on this truck, so you probably do need to sell the truck.


You probably need to sell it anyway. And just moved down in truck. You had it to pull the travel trailer that got repoed, right? Yeah. Yeah. And for the, I was using it for my flatbed trailer that I do for business. That I use For business. Yeah. But, but a lesser truck will pull a flatbed. Yes. Okay. You own the flatbed too? Yes, I own the flatbed. What's it worth? Probably about 3000 bucks. Okay. Then we can keep, is it, is it a five? Is it a gooseneck or a regular trailer? No, no, it's just a bumper pull. It's an 18 foot. Okay, good. That, that's capable in almost any pickup will pull that. Agreed. Agreed. Yeah. So You don't have, it doesn't require a 60,000 truck to pull that thing.


So it did, it may be did to pull the travel trailer, but that's a different thing. And that's all gone now. So, okay. The repo can be settled when and if they call you for pennies on the dollar, but I need you to have about five or 10 grand ready for when they call you. So you can offer them a settlement in full and they'll take it if they ever call you, even they might not. And I need you to clean up your stinking taxes. You don't want the IRS in your life and you need to cut up your credit cards and sell your truck and move down and get your income up. And that's your solution and that's how you become a baby steps millionaire. Okay. The credit cards I'm already in default on, on quite a few of 'em. Yeah. Okay. Caught 'em up, so, Okay. All right. No, no problem there. They're no blessing already done.


Yeah. They're no blessing. Plastic surgery is due in your life, my man. And chop 'em up and let's make a, you know, start doing a written budget. But the thing is this, you're by yourself. You're a solopreneur, you are a great carpenter. You suck at marketing. And so this feels out of control to you where Ken and I are sitting on the outside, we see your income potential to be much larger than you feel like it is in your emotions because you're by yourself and there's nobody around you saying, dude, you got this and we're telling you, dude, you got this. So hypothetically you could do all of the work you're doing right now as a side job and work a day job as a carpenter in about 20 minutes.


Yep. And you get your income up over six figures doing that, and get this mess cleaned up. Yep. Get the truck moved down, and then build you out, learn, start learning some marketing stuff, start learning how to run a business, not just be a carpenter and you can build your side business back up to a full-time gig again. Yeah. And that's probably what I would do in your shoes. 'cause I, I just think you're, I'm with Ken. I think you're in an ideal situation in terms of your career. Yeah. I mean, you didn't call me up with a sociology degree. If I was in Phoenix right now, Dave, I would make him drive me to construction sites all over the city where they're building homes and I'd say, you got a clean t-shirt. Alright. No, your jeans look sharp. All right.


Get the tool belt on and walk up and say, where's the foreman? And say, I'm a carpenter, I'm ready to go. You might be surprised within about two hours you probably be working if not with a gig. That's how low the shortage is right now on carpenters. That's a fact. That's not my opinion. Yep. And by the way, it's summer in Phoenix. Yeah, that's true too.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. You know, some people think budgeting means they can't have any fun with money. And I know this because that was me. But the truth is budgeting doesn't limit your freedom. It actually gives you freedom. A budget is simply telling your money where to go. And the best way to do this is with EveryDollar, my favorite budgeting app. It'll help you create a plan for your money that fits your lifestyle. So whether it's a spontaneous date night or an epic Disney cruise budget for some fun, download EveryDollar for free today.


Thank you for joining us America. Buying a house in this market is crazy. Selling a house in this market is crazy. It's wild out there y'all. You need to have a pro in your corner if you're gonna be moving property right now, and I do recommend you buy a house right now, it's a great time. I do recommend you sell a house right now. It's a great time. If you want a pro in your corner that we recommend, we have Ramsey trusted, endorsed local providers that are real estate agents that we have vetted, that are high performance. They have not just got their license last week and never sold a house before. They do 30 to 300 transactions a year. They're on top of their game. They're the best of the best. They're Ramsey trusted. You can find out who's Ramsey trusted in your area for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent


James is in Raleigh, North Carolina. Hi James. How are you? Good, Mr. Ramsey. how are you doing? Better than we deserve. What's up? So I wanna say thank you so much for taking my call and I, I appreciate what you and Mr. Coleman, Mr. Kim And, what everybody does. I, it really is a blessing, so I appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you. My question is, I guess kind of related to the previous call that you spoke with, but I'm kind of at a point where we've been working on baby step number two. We've got all of our credit card debt paid off, we're done with it. We were making headway. I lost my job back in April, so I'm having to luckily, Lord, Lord blessed me with another job.


but it took about a month and a half and so it's kind of set us back. But my question is, long story short, what can I do to to, to help my family advance my career because I'm, I feel stagnant and the job that I just got was a lateral move. I wanted to advance my career and, and move up. But that just seems like the most companies right now just want me in a lateral position. Alright, So let's start with where you want to eventually go. So we're gonna advance to what, what's the, the, the dream Operations manager Of what? I'm a project manager of reside of a residential construction company. Okay. And operations manager does what in that role?


Well, I guess more or less bring in business, you know, hire online, you know, hiring, keeping business, keeping customers happy. Sure, sure. I guess, you know, making sure the day to day is, is, is, you know, rolling smoothly. Alright. And then is is the leader, forgive me for my ignorance, operation manager, is that 1, 2, 3 steps above where you are now? What what does that look like? Oh, it's one step. One step. Okay. The reason I asked you to describe the role of operations manager where you wanna be is because that list how you describe that to me with each of those duties that you listed out, there is a skill, there's skill.


So I'm gonna have to learn the skill. And then there's also experience that you're gonna need to get right to step into that. Or at least get to the point where they say, okay James, you are ready, you are qualified. And so understanding what you need to add to your tool belt is really vital. That's why I went through that list. And so now is the time to begin to say, how can I go about getting that skill where I am? So in other words, I've got to look at the next and figure out what it's gonna take to get there, but then don't miss this vital thing. And that is you gotta win in the, now you know, we, we all want to move up to a certain point and you're gonna have to have some patience and you're gonna have to earn your way up to that spot.


And so the way you do that is, I, I, this is a three step process that'll guarantee that you will get promoted if in fact you're in a company that has a track record of promoting Number one, you gotta know your role. That's absolute clarity on what your leader wants from you right now. You must crush the now by knowing exactly what you're supposed to do. Now, number two, you need to have an attitude of, you know what, not down in the dumps. I need to be grateful that after I got laid off, I stepped in another role and it's taking care of me. It's stabilizing me in the now. Third, I'm gonna go above and beyond whatever they tell you, James is what we want from you. You find three or four or five or 10 ways to go above and beyond what they've asked you to do.


And then you're looking at the next going, how do I get that experience? What would that skillset look like? How would I get it as a cert? Is it, you know, asking to do a little extra work, pay it forward a little bit. Hey, can I help out? this is the idea, James, because you become so good they can't ignore you. That's your theme. How many of those skills that you need for operations manager can you work on while you're being a project manager? How many of 'em overlap? That's, that was part of the, I don't know how that's the reason. I mean, I'm not a very intelligent fellow, but I, I try to find out and find ways and that was one of one of the reasons why I wanted to Go. I mean if you list out okay the, these are the five things an operations manager do, does, how many of those does a project manager do?


And probably some, okay. You're working with customers. So I mean you're, you're run, you're running a particular job. The operations manager's running all the jobs. So that's very similar. Okay. And in both cases you're working with customers, you probably have some interface with customers just like an ops manager does. And so you keep thinking about the different ways, you know, you're, how, how much of what you are doing is a miniature version of an ops manager. That's right. That you can use to, to sharpen those particular skills and then demonstrate that either for the next person that, that the next, that another place that's looking for an ops manager or the next time they hire an ops manager at the place you're at today.


That's what I'm looking for. But I think you need to clearly define what it is exactly that is needed, that you don't have to move up into that and then go get it. That's right. And my friend Henry Cloud says, figure out what your desired future is. Well we did that. You have a desired future to be an ops manager and then ask yourself what must be true that is not true today to make that desired future of mine happen. What must be true? And you go, okay, there's these six things I've gotta do, these four things I've gotta do. And in order for this to become, in order for this to come true and then, then you start putting a timeline and a budget to what it's gonna cost to get those five or six things and cause this to happen.


I think you're in great shape. You're gonna get there. Yep. You're gonna get there. Nate is with us in El Paso, Texas. Hi Nate. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I have about $36,000 in debt and I I heard you take a color the other day and you were talking about the difference between the snowball and avalanche methods and, and you mentioned that you, you pretty much will always recommend the snowball 'cause the mask force that one over over the avalanche. But the, the several different colors that I heard that that was your recommendation. They had interest rates for the majority of their debt that were in the general range of like, You missed the point of all those calls.


Interest rate, doesn't matter how much debt do you have? 36,000. Okay. What do you mean About 70 5K. Okay. And what's the 36,000 on 'em? I have two car loans. One credit card and some medical bills and then a, a a handful, a small handful of that I owe to individual people. But there's How are the car loans? One of them is for 9,000, the other one is about seven. Okay. Alright. So that's 16 of your 36, then you got 20 more. How much of that's medical bills?


Eight. Okay, so you got 12 in credit card debt. I have, I have six in credit card debt and the remainder is, is to individual people. So I rest my case. It's irrelevant. It's only 6,000 bucks. If the interest rate was a hundred percent it wouldn't matter 'cause it doesn't amount to any money. Okay. The actual Dollars that $6,000 worth multiplied by the interest rate creates is not much. So you don't have a an interest rate problem dude, you don't have a math problem. If you were doing all this math, you wouldn't be here.


So math is not your problem. You're, you guys cutting your budget to nothing, taking six jobs and attacking. this is your problem. Listing your debts smallest to largest. Which by the way, when you do that, we'll get rid of your credit cards first anyway. So the first order of business is gonna be pay off the credit cards, right? Yeah. You don't have a 20% interest rate on those cars, do you? The both car loans and the credit card are all at 22%. Oh, you need to sell the cars man. Quit buying. God, what are you doing? How do you get screwed like that on a car? 22% on a car. Good god.


Yeah. Sell a car and get you a hoopty 20 minutes from now. That's just, that's nuts. What are you saying Dave? You didn't like that car purchase? Is that what I'm hearing you say? 22% for a I'd be riding a bicycle. Oh, I know or a donkey.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz. When it comes to teaching kids about money, moms tell me all the time just how overwhelming it can feel to get started. That's why I'm so excited to tell you about Financial Peace Kids. This toolkit was designed to make learning to save, earn, spend, and give money fun for both you and your kids. The best part, it only takes 10 minutes a day. Yep. Just 10 minutes. You've got this. Pick up financial peace kids at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Ken Coleman Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. Malik is with us. Hey Malik. What's up? What's up Dave? Ken so nice to meet both of you. It's been a long time. I've been following you. So good to be here. Well It's so good to have you. Where do you live? Warrenton, Virginia. Yeah. Close to DC I know where that is. Very Cool. Oh nice. Welcome to Nashville. Good to have you. How much debt have you paid off? Glad to be back. I paid off 78,000 in debt. Alright, cool. How long did that take? It took about 26 months. Good For you. And your range of income during that time?


The start of the 26 months, it was 49,000 and by the end of it I was making well over 70 k. Cool. What do you do? I'm a worship pastor. Full-time. That's what I do. That's what the start of it was. And I still am a full-time worship pastor. I also did some side gigs, a lot of piano lessons, voice lessons, any kind lessons that I know how to do I was teaching. Nice. That's a good use of your talent. Well done. There we go. And I'm also now a dog sitter on the side as well, but worship is the thing. There you go man. Well done. Very cool. So what happened two years and some change ago that woke Malik up? What was d Tell us your story.


Okay. I was about 25 years old and the church that I work at, we get paid once a month and by day 17, I had no more money left because I had financed myself into a corner. I had a bunch of credit card debt, a bunch of card debt, student loan debt. And I also didn't know how to manage my money. So by the time I just got sick and tired of being paycheck to paycheck. So I had to figure out how to get outta debt, basically how to make more margin in my income. So I typed in how to get rich on YouTube and I found your videos. So I started following them, did the zero based budget, switched to a cheaper gym, switched over to a church, parsonage, anything I could do to create more margin that way.


I did got better at grocery shopping. And then after that, all that money principal payments on the debt snowball, I got into the freelance thing. So I started making more money on top of that and then it just happened so, so quick. Very cool. Very cool. Good for you man. Yep. Yep. Good for you. So you were getting after it. It was, it was probably too intense, but we're done. Hey, We're outta here. We're outta here. Check it off. 26 months of my life and no more debt ever again. Right. Ever Again. Ever again. I love it. So really your reason was I'm just don't wanna be in the stress. I can't make it, I can't make ends meet and I've gotta do something different.


What I'm doing is not working, Wasn't working A, a healthy level of disgust. Yeah, it took a long time for about four years. I was terrible with money. Didn't know that I was terrible with money. But the principles, the baby steps, they, they really saved me, my finances and now we're having a good time. On a practical level, how would you tell the audience leading worship feels now that you're debt free? Well, ironically enough, like you're supposed to lead from a place of freedom and liberation, all of those things. And when you are enslaved by your situation, the situation that I put myself into there all there is always something in the back of your brain before and after your rehearsals, before and after your, your meetings with, with the congregants before and after your worship sets.


That feels like a tad hypocritical I suppose. But now you can walk around a little lighter. So it's, it's been, I I I'd like to think my job performance is a little better than, a lot better than it was. Well, your spirit's better. I guarantee It. Yeah. I'm having a good time. Yeah. I mean, I don't know, I don't, I don't know that you were necessarily doing a bad job before, but the, the lightness with which you approach it, the heaviness is gone. Right? Yeah. And so almost sounds like a worship song. Yeah. Very good. We can write one I bet. Well, we couldn't, but you might. Yeah, I was gonna say we could, Dave and I, we we, we will listen to your, The reason we're in talk radio brother.


Alright. So true. Hey man, congratulations. What was the one debt that was driving you nuts and you're like, when that one went, you went, yeah, you're gone. Finally, The interest on the car, it, it didn't move. I mean the interest was so high that the principal, it took me about a year and a half to realize that there was no dent being made by just the monthly payments alone. So So you had a rip off car payment? Yeah. Like those were, it was, I don't remember the interest rate, but it seemed like it didn't move at all. So like just having no car payment. I don't, I drive a very modest car, 2011 Honda Accord.


But the fact that I never have to get pay a car payment ever again, it's, it's the best feeling. Yeah. Yeah. That, that that's a different fee. They drive different when they're not pulling a payment book. Yeah. Honestly. Yeah. That's very cool. Who was encouraging you? I found the program through a church in Orlando, Florida. They did it and I just so happened to be visiting on one of their small group nights. So that was where the exposure started. Hope Church in Orlando, Florida. But my, me and my best friend, he's right here. We did baby step two for the longest time together. So anytime I, I never wanted to give up but anytime it was getting ghetto so to speak, we really, we really kept each other accountable.


So owe him and a lot of other people back in Virginia. A lot of thanks for listening to me Yap about it all the time. Well, congrats. Ready to go. Did you have people making fun of you or, or just kinda rolling their eyes? Yeah, A lot of people did not understand it. They didn't understand the fact, the magnitude, the urgency that I had for it. Because, but for me it was kind of, I didn't have enough margin. I didn't have enough of an income to not get outta debt. A lot of my friends make a lot of money so they can, they can kind of do whatever they want, but I needed that margin. And It was getting out of all those consumer debts and I think everyone should live that way.


But yeah, a lot of people did not understand why I was doing what I was doing and at this point, I don't care. Yeah, I hear you. So there's a person out there that's right where you were 30 months ago, two and a half years ago. And they got a paycheck. And It just didn't make it. They got too much month left at the end of the money. Talk to them, Reword that one more time. Well If they, there's a person out there where, where you were 30 months ago. It's the 17th of the month. What is today? The 18th of the month. Yeah. And they're outta money. They have two months month left at the end of the money, the paycheck's gone. What happened to you? Right? Yeah. And you were freaked out and scared and stress and your heart rate changes and you gotta do something about it.


Talk to that person. We're gonna start by selling a lot of stuff in your house that's gonna get, that's gonna get you to your next paycheck. And then we're going to just make some life decisions. 'cause if they're anything like me, they were living way, way, way above their means. So we're gonna stop the, the auto wash subscription that you had. We're gonna stop the Netflix, we're gonna stop all of it and we're going to just start tackling it one dead at a time. Just being very disciplined because we have no other choice. Hmm. There, there's so much at hand when it comes to our finances. A lot of kingdom impact could be made if we had more margin.


So many things are on the balance when it comes to our personal finance. So just take it very, very serious. Get someone in your corner and day 17, day 18, so on and so forth until your next paycheck. You just gotta have that locked in mentality that you are gonna make a difference. Mm Yeah. You reach a point. You say never again. Never again. Never again. I'm never gonna be like this. I'm never gonna feel like this again. I'm putting all of this in the rear view mirror. I'm done. I'm walking out of this valley. Absolutely. Well done sir. Proud of you. Yep. Excellent job hero. Thank you so much. Very, very cool. Oddly enough, the numbers are very similar to the guy who just called in one of some kind of a trick to get out of debt.


That's exactly right. And he had a high interest rate, car debt and high interest rate credit cards. And he had less debt than this guy had, than Malik had. So way to go Malik. Good job. Alright. Malik from Virginia, 78,000 paid off in 26 months, making 49 to 70, counted down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1. I'm Dad Fred. Yeah. This is how it's done. Yes, yes, yes. this is The Ramsey Show. Our scripture of the day in Joshua one, eight.


Keep this book of the law always on your lips. Meditate on it day and night so that you may be careful to do everything written in it. Then you will be prosperous and successful. Briant. Brian Tracy said Failure is a prerequisite for great success. If you want to succeed faster, double your rate of failure. Well there you go. That's how that's done. Just learning that Bob Newhart passed away. So sad. So many classic things he did as a comedian. The old Bob Newhart show is where Darrell and his other brother Darrel came from. Yes. And you may not remember anything else, but you remember that, right?


That's right. And he did a great comedy bet on counseling from the Bob Newhart too, where an anything someone came in to be counseled on, he would just listen to him for a few minutes and then he would yell, stop it. Just stop it. That was his whole counseling. It was great. I kind of feel like him some days. Yeah, I think that's effective. Just stop it. Quit. It's effective. Don't do that anymore. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. It was great. but yeah, rest in peace Bob. He gave us a lot of joy and a lot of laughs over the years. Pretty incredible. Anna is in Toronto. Hi Anna. Welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hi. I am excited to talk to you guys. You too. How can we help? Well, Dave, you've helped me and my husband a lot with our finances, so I really appreciate that.


I'm calling mostly today for some career advice, so I've been waiting to hear Ken Coleman's voice and I heard it today, so I thought I would give you guys a call. It's such a soothing voice my wife and kids would disagree with. Thank you Dave. Anna, what's going on? Well, I've been a teacher probably about 23 years now and I hesitate to say I am burnt out 'cause I still like the work of teaching, but I am not liking my day-to-day job. And I have done quite a bit of changing already within the system. So I don't know if it's just a public school thing, but I just would like to find other jobs that I could do.


I know that I'm sure there are a lot Yes. With the skills that I have. but yeah, I'm also hoping to find something that has comparable pay teachers in Canada actually make decent money. What do you make compared to? So I make 1 0 7. Wow. Okay. Let's start right where you led us to, which is skills. I want you to tell us the top skills that you have acquired in your 23 years of teaching. Probably listening. I've always been really good at listening. I like finding out what problems exist, I guess, for kids particularly, and figuring out, you know, how to help them have those light bulb moments that I'm really good at.


And I enjoy that. Just creative problem solving. I like that too. And I just, I find a lot of joy being around kids, but I'm not finding a lot of joy in my work. Okay. Which Is, which is what, because my guess kind, my guess is this is not what you're doing, it's where you're doing it. My guess is, and I've counseled so many teachers here in the US and in Canada, the environment is just getting worse and worse and worse. And so I, if the environment were different, you would enjoy the actual engaging of instructing the children, yes or no? Yes. Yeah, For sure. So let's real quick list out a couple of things that just come right to the top of your mind. You enjoy most the stuff that gives you the most joy when you're actually teaching.


I think just seeing the engagement and the enthusiasm and finding creative ways to help the kids express things that they wanna share those things for sure. Okay. I just find there's so much interruption and so much Yes behavior and so much craziness that it's like you never get to enjoy that stuff anymore. Let me, let me list out for you very quickly what I wrote down as I listened to you, I asked you the top skills and I wrote down listening, asking questions, discernment, critical thinking, creative problem solving. And then I wrote down, I asked you, what do you enjoy most about teaching? It was the engagement.


It, it was the progress. In other words, you love seeing light bulb moments when people Yes. Get it. That's what gives you the juice. Correct? Yes. Alright, so here's the deal. So what we have to do is, is you have to stop thinking about the negative environment. What you have to focus on is that little exercise we just went through. And so now we've created a job description. So where in in Canada, in the marketplace can you use the skillset of communication Okay. Of instruction and, and, and then actually engage with people who want to be there to be there to learn.


Yeah. So lemme tell you where I start to ideate, okay? And not in any way limiting you to this, but I want you to understand the process. I immediately start thinking corporate training, HR training. That's What my husband said to me. Well, you and your husband, your husband's a a smart guy. So he's, you know what? That's right. Listen, any kind of role where you are instructing, you walk in day one, Anna, with experience and skill. Yeah. And listen, if you can teach a child, my goodness, you can revolutionize the life of an adult who actually wants to learn, right? So I would begin to look throughout the marketplace.


this is an instructive role, whether it's called tra I don't care about job title. You must look at the job description. And It must include what you enjoy, which is I want to be able to impart knowledge to people and see the light bulb of learning and progress as the result. And it's that simple. And now, now we gotta start looking at the comparative salary though. Okay. So I can Yeah, and That's where I'm struggling too. Yeah, That's, that's okay. We gotta look first, we've gotta see what's out there and we've gotta see, okay, what would the path be? And, and so there's four qualifying questions I wrote about in paycheck to purpose. What do I need to learn? What do I need to do?


How much is that gonna cost? How long will it take? If you just answer those four questions, Anna, this feeling right now that you have of frustration and intimidation, it's 'cause of the unknown. Those four questions. Yeah. What do I need to learn? What do I need to do? So one is, is the, the, the education or certification or some type of skill, I gotta acquire it. And then experience is what do I need to do then how much is that gonna cost me? That's money and time. And then how long is all this gonna take? And? what happens is, Anna, when we answer those four questions, you're so good at this of process, you're gonna see a plan develop and all of a sudden it's not intimidating. You're gonna say, wow, I can absolutely stroll into something else.


Let me tell you where I've seen some teachers land, what we call in marketing, we call it technical sales, Where the sale's great involves teaching the buyer about the product or the service and how to do it. An example of that would be, okay, medical device. Yep, sales. Great point. Okay. So if you're installing a hip, if you're installing a knee, if you're installing a heart valve, if you're installing whatever, the, the, these are technical things. Now you'd have to learn the technical stuff, but I know people that came in with a marketing degree and went and learned the technical part. And they basically don't do a lot of quote unquote sales.


They basically are instructing surgeons sometimes in surgery live. That's an example of a technical sale. Another one would be something in the manufacturing world where you've got a, an engineering item, you know, you're selling a highly sophisticated piece of equipment or, or whatever. But I mean, anything that involve falls in that heading of technical sales. Really good money in all of that. That's exactly right. And, It always involves instruction. And, It sounds like it's a sales job, but it's not really. Not at All. Not at all. You're exactly right, Dave. It is the idea of I'm going to share knowledge with you that is gonna help you progress. And that is at the heart of every teacher, they wanna see their students learn something so that they can progress.


It is, they love progress. They love pouring into somebody. You see, You see mental traction. You do. It's why, by the way, that you for years have said, when we advise our audience to go sit with a smart vest or pro or any of our trusted services, have the heart of a teacher, do they have The heart of a teacher? Yeah. And, and why tell people why that matters much? Well, because the person has to learn to be a good investor. That's right. They can't be. That's right. Doing what some, just doing what somebody else says. Yeah. Good. Good. Good question. Good question, Anna. You're gonna be great. You'll be fine. You'll be great at the next stage. That puts us out of The, Ramsey, Show in the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace, and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace, Christ Jesus.


Hey guys, I'm Rachel. And I'm George. And you've probably heard our voices before on The. Ramsey Show. And do we have a surprise for you? Yep. We have our very own show. Smart Money. Happy Hour, where we talk about pop culture, current events, and of course, course money. George, it's a great show. And, what else do we talk about So much, Rachel? Not enough. And yet too much. We talk about guilt tipping because tipping is outta control. And I won't stand for it anymore, which is why I'm sitting. I'm Glad you are taking such a stand. And we also talk about something else. I'm passionate about Disney adults. Oh, George, why is it a thing? Listen, Some adults still find the magic. Sure. We also talk about toxic money traits and girl math. There's a, if You don't know what those are, you have to listen to the podcast. Yeah, There's a lot there you guys. It's pretty fun. We keep you relevant, is what I'm trying to say. We Help you Out. So pull up a chair to the happy hour you wish your friends were having. We promise you won't regret it. And if You don't have friends, we'll be your friends. We Will. We're great friends. So make sure to check it out on Apple, Spotify, YouTube, or the Ramsey Network app.