
Live from Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author and my good friend Jade Warshaw, and we are answering your questions. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'll be talking about your life, your money, your relationships, your careers, all of it. Anything and everything, we are here for you. So first off, kicking us off this hour is Jocelyn in Lubbock, Texas. Hi Jocelyn. Welcome to the show. Well, you know, for taking my call, how are you doing? We're doing great. How can we help? Well, actually, my husband and I have been together for 26 years.


We have three sons and he work as a software developer, and I'm a stay home mom for 20 years and he handle all the monies and I take care of the kids. So it worked quite well until eight years ago. I kind of expect him to step up for our teen son, but that didn't happen, so I wasn't happy. And then our marriage turns out. Mm. So I, and then since then I no longer allowed to know the household finance. Oh, he gave me a credit card to buy food and necessity for the kid and, you know, for the family, but I don't know how much he makes anymore. And he doesn't even ask me to sign the tax return filing. Ooh. So I really don't know what's going on.


And I asked him, well, during the covid he almost died at the hospital and I asked him, you know, the password to pay the bills on his laptop. And, you know, he refused to do that. And then I had to bring his laptop to the hospital. Wow. But then after he get better and he got home and I told her him that, you know, I should know our finance and just in case if he goes to the hospital again, and he said, you know, he'll, he said, I'll figure out after he died. Oh my gosh. So, yeah, So we have been living like a housemate and I take care of the kids and like a married single mom, and he's like a married bachelor, total checkout.


So I don't know what I should do from this point on. And, you know, this is my only marriage and I have, you know, like I think this is it for me, but then I don't know how to turn this thing around. Yeah. Oh, Jocelyn, I'm so sorry. That's, thank you. How old are your kids? My kid, my oldest one is 18, it's gonna be 19. And then, and I have twins. They're gonna be 16. Okay. So, I mean, they're probably getting out of the house soon, but I mean, Like, yeah, I mean, I mean at that point, at this point, Jocelyn, from the information you've given us, to me, this is way more of a marriage issue.


I think the effect and the symptom is that he's isolated himself with the money, which is a problem and above itself, but it is, it is a symptom of what's going on from the root of your marriage. Right. And so, like you said, which I, which I would agree the context schools you've given us is exactly right. You, you don't have a marriage, right? I mean, like, this is not a relationship where there's a partnership and there's two people doing life together. You guys have two completely different lives is what it feels like, and you just happen to live under the same roof. Well, the problem is I'm the only person live in this country. So I think he see that as I have no support system. Mm. So that may be the reason why he can take advantage of my situation.


And I have nowhere to go. I mean, and I have been, you know, being a stay home mom for 20 years. Do you have, I mean, I do Do you have friends? Do you have anybody here outside of family that you rely that you can trust? I can talk to anybody, but it's, they a good listener, but not really, you know, practically could be helpful, you know, like in the deep situation. But I have a lot of friends I could talk to. I mean, they listen to my problem and they understand. So you're not alone, but if you, I'm not alone. Have you voiced this, I mean, aside from like covid situations where it's really, you know, stressed or extreme. Have you have this conversation with him, brought it up not in the midst of an argument and just said, Hey, here's the way I'm feeling.


Have you done that? And what's been the response? Well, Here's the thing. A lot of times he's very calm and soft. Like quiet. Like, if he can counter all the problems, he'll be quiet. Like, you know, basically if it's his way that I have to learn to adapt, which I'm very flexible and adaptable, but a lot of time it's like, this is the way, and that, I mean, maybe he's willing to share the information of the finance. He, he was able to Well, He's certainly not because you don't have it. So he's not, And my worry is, is that he, he has a level of control and power over you, Jocelyn, that is so scary and unhealthy where you have no options or choices.


Exactly. So I think one of the best things you can do is put yourself in a position where you have options and choices. And so where that starts from a tactical standpoint is money. Because like you said, like I, I'm a stay at home mom. I, I don't have, I don't have money. And so it starts to be very, very hard lines for me of you either gimme full access to our money or there's gonna be a more intense step of something else. Absolutely. And, and I think Jocelyn, I mean, and again, this is, this is your decision. And, and I always, these calls, I feel like a lot of weight and responsibility because we'll get off with you here in about three minutes, Jocelyn, and you're gonna have to make these decisions. Right. So what I like, what I am sensing and laying out for you are, this is life changing and I wanna just be careful of how I even like coat this.


But, but I would be setting myself up possibly for a new life. People stay in marriages where they're unhappy, but it's one thing to be unhappy in a marriage. You know, you go through the, you go through the ranks, you do what you can. It's another to, to have no power or control over your own life. Yeah, yeah. Where they've taken that from you. And I feel like that's what he's done, where you don't have freedom to make even a decision to leave at this point because you have no access to money or information beyond that. So yeah, I would be getting myself in a position for you to, to get access for the money, not only just to heal the marriage, which I hope helps, but it just doesn't, it, to me it seems like there's less hope of that turning around and probably more of a reality of you realizing, oh my gosh, I have one life to live.


And unless he's not, unless he's willing to do intense work in therapy and us walk through this together, which I would pray that would be the best, that's the best outcome. But if he, would he ever do that? Would he ever go through it? Not, not a mu not for money, but for your marriage, a marriage intensive therapy? He's Very passive. He's really what? He's very passive in life. So it's either I am the one who is being the, you know, the, the lead and plan for everything for the household or nothing get done. Well, if you planned it and said, I have a therapist and I wanna go every Tuesday for the next nine months with you at three o'clock every Tuesday, would he go?


Probably. Yeah. Okay. That, I mean, that, that, I mean, I dunno if I want that either. Why? I mean, I know I've, I dunno, because it's, it's, to me, I have so much accumulation of the grief, anger, or, you know, like, yeah, it, it, I don't know. I mean, It's a lot. Listen, what you're saying is, I, I think I get what you're saying. Like, you don't wanna open the can of worms, right? Like there's a lot there. And the truth is, when you do go through therapy, it creates, it's almost like it creates more work for you to do, more to work through. It's not just like a, a quick fix, right? It's gonna create more and more. It, the work is on me, so it's like constantly.


So that's what the majority of the problem is. Yeah. So I mean, if I were you, jolyn you, you need somebody, I think a, a professional in your corner and go get individual work for you because like you said, you're harboring and holding a lot in life towards him, which makes complete sense why. And then I think over time it's gonna get more and more clear of what you need to do, either pressing more into the marriage or not. But I, I would be making some hard lines to at least have access to the money. You, you, you have to have that in my head. I mean that, that, that needs to be your first step.


Whew. Have you gotten one of those texts recently claiming to be the USPS with some sketchy link to update your address? It's annoying and a little terrifying and you probably think to yourself, I should do something about this. But where do you even start? Well, as your nerdy friend who does the research for you, I found the solution they're called Delete Me. And here's the reason they come in the clutch, the internet is packed with data brokers, which are these shady companies whose sole purpose is to collect your personal info and sell it for a profit. Enter Delete Me, delete me. Swoops in, finds your info on these sites and removes it on your behalf. They even send you a report with all the details. And so far for me personally, they have reviewed 27,000 listings, removed my info from 240 data brokers and saved me 66 hours in the process. I trust Deleteme to help protect my family. And I trust them to help you too. You're gonna get fewer spam texts, fewer phishing emails, and fewer creepy robo calls. And Deleteme also makes a great gift for other people in your life that you care about. Individual plans start at just $9 a month. So take an easy step to protect yourself and your loved ones today. And as a RAMSEY fan, you'll get an extra 20% off any of their plans@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


Well, tax season is right around the corner and one of the best things that you can do for your finances is to get a good tax pro in your corner that you can trust. This is one of the areas of money that can be very confusing. And so making sure you do it right the first time is important. So having somebody that you know is able to help you is really, really key. And so yeah, they're, these tax pros are gonna really help you figure out the best moves for your situation. Especially if it's a little confusing if you have a small business, if you've had major changes this year, if you've moved, had kids got married, you know, all the things. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tax Pro to find CPAs and enrolled agents that have been vetted by the RAMSEY team. Again, that's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro.


Next is, is this Isaiah? Yeah, From San Antonio. Hey, welcome to the show. Thank you so much for taking my call. Absolutely. Thanks for calling in. How can we help? Awesome. So basically I'm 18 and I got married this year in January and I, I'm, I'm super young. I own a home service business with my actual, my twin brother. So we're both 18 and we've been running this for about a year and a half. And I just wanna know if I should maybe look at getting a traditional job because there is an opportunity for right now to make more money.


What are you, and Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. I thought you were finished. Keep going. We're all Good. Yeah, so I, I just wanna know if maybe looking at getting a traditional job would be a better idea just for consistent income. I also moved out this year, so maybe well late last year, so basically this year, but all kind of happened at the same time. So I have a lot more responsibility, a lot more bills. And I just wanna know if maybe getting a traditional job, specifically something in sales where I'm, something I'm already really proficient at where I have the opportunity, you know, to make a lot of money. I just wanna know if maybe that is a better avenue to take than continuing to grow this business.


Especially with the, you know, inconsistencies that can often come with small businesses. Maybe, I mean, let's, what are you making right now and what are you guys projecting? So right now I make anywhere between like five to 700, sometimes on a good week, a thousand dollars a week. Okay. And you know, it, it's not a lot. We, we pretty much, we split most of the income down the middle, me and my brother and you know, we leave some for, you know, bills and leads and you know, all the overhead that we have for our business, which is pretty minor. But per You personally, you personally take home as your pay somewhere between 2000 and $4,000 a month is what you're saying?


Yes ma'am. Yeah. Okay. And it fluctuates very heavily. Okay. But it fluctuates between the two and 4,000? Yes ma'am. Yeah, I would say. Okay. Yeah. How long have you guys been doing that? About a year and a half now. Okay. And what are the other options? You said should I get a better job in sales? Do you have like, ideas of what that might look like or has someone offered you something? Yeah, so I, I got an offer like a while back for car sales position and then I've also done my own research and looked into different sales positions from companies that are kind of similar honestly to what I've been doing already, like selling, so like, you know, roofing and, you know, stuff like that. So yeah.


Does Does your wife work? Yes ma'am. Yeah, she does. What Does she bring home? She brings home, so she makes, she just recently got a raise, so she makes $17 an hour and she works full time, so Okay. Per month. What would you say she's gonna bring home? I would say I like, I don't know, maybe like $2,000. Okay. Max how much, how, go ahead Rachel for your household for you guys. 'cause you said you have a lot more responsibility 'cause you've moved out, you guys are on your own. How much does it take to run your household per month?


Have you guys done a detailed budget? Yeah, So we don't have a super detailed budget. We've, we've only really been home from like our honeymoon for like three weeks. But, you know, it's, it's roughly, you know, the bills for like, you know, rent and utilities and pretty much everything that we have to pay the company that we live under is around $2,000 a month. And then, you know, obviously gas and everything else is probably a couple hundred dollars a month and we know groceries is roughly at least a hundred dollars a week maybe, you know, Something like that. So I think what would, what would be driving this for me, this decision is number one, knowing and doing a detailed budget. And before you get off the phone we will hook you up with some stuff to, for you guys to sit down as newlyweds and figure this out because you know you if so, what would drive me, number one is making sure that I, we can cover everything we need from food, utilities, transportation, all of that.


And do you guys have any debt? No ma'am. Neither of us have any Debt. Okay, great. That's good. Yeah, so just knowing, hey, this is what we need to live off of. Can we live off of this with me doing this small business and you and your wife working and if this is a small business, the other caveat is, is this where you wanna be long term? Like if you looked up in five years, do you want this business to grow? Is this what you wanna do? Is this what you enjoy? Yes ma'am. Yeah, so I, I do enjoy what I do. Like, you know, obviously the home services itself, like the pressure washing and window washing is not really like my preferred. Like I don't think anyone really like, loves, loves that. I mean some people do but you know, it running a business I do enjoy it, especially with my brother.


Yeah. You know, we have a good time and we, we work hard but you know, I also wouldn't mind, you know, Doing something else, working A sales job. It's always been something that's Been in my head. That's what I didn't know. If there was something you were doing that was a passion and you were like, this is what I wanna do for the foreseeable future. But if it's kind of like a, it's fine. Yeah. And it's fun to run a business and you can make more somewhere else. I mean, why not do both? Yeah. It feels like from what you described, especially based on the pay and the the like sometime nature of it, it feels like it could be more of a hobby, side hustle as it grows if it continues to grow and maybe you continue to do it, but why can't you do this job while you do another job? Like is this like you've got a book of business, is it something that your brother takes on more of the load and you take on a smaller load?


So you still got, I don't know, a thousand bucks coming in a month, but you're still doing another full-time job. Yeah, that actually I've never even thought of that and that's a really good thought just because he already, like, he almost takes a more lead role in the business anyway just with his, I don't know, he just, he just always has, he's just been yeah, sure. More kind of hands-on always than me. And so I I've actually never thought of that, you know, almost me just taking more of a, a backseat and just doing it as a part-time or side hustle, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I, I like that idea because at least you have some stability. It's almost like you can keep doing this until you land the thing that you wanna do and then you can pull back on that. But it still serves as a really great side hustle 'cause you guys are just getting started and there's a lot in front of you.


So being able to stack up cash and kind of just like get the wheels going I think is gonna be good. And I like what Rachel said about really deciding long-term what that looks like, like what your wife wants to do, is there school at, or any sort of training in the future that you might need to pay for. So really stacking up money in this phase is also really good. Yeah, and this is, this is jumping a little bit ahead, but something to think about. 'cause the business is small, so you guys may not, but just know small business, especially when there's a partnership and especially between brothers, if this thing starts to scale and you guys start doing this long term, I would have some very formal documentation write up even sitting down with like a business lawyer to make sure that the terms in everything, ownership, stock, I mean anything that you guys in the future, if this starts to become bigger and more long term that you, you really wanna think about.


Because sadly I think people get into this, you know, small business with a friend or with a sibling and it all is great and fun and then it starts to grow. And then we just see anything with money or business, when you're with someone close, the more communication, the more that you lay out ahead of time, the less messy it gets down the road. Because I just don't want this to hurt a relationship down the road that if he feels like, yeah, for sure you're not doing as much, but he's doing it all. But yet you still have 50% ownership. But like, you know what I mean, like just talking through all the agreements and all the Situations I do, you know exactly what you're talking about. Like me and my brother we're twins So we have a very close relationship, but there's even times where this has put a lot of strain on our relationship. Yeah.


Just because there's a, it's especially since we both have bills, we both have responsibilities, there's a lot kind in balance. Yeah. And Isaiah and maybe one of these things you look up and you're like, hey, he can take it and own it and he and you can get paid out and then That's right. Work and you work for him, worked for him for a season too. That Feels better to me already. Yeah. 'cause I'm, I'm gonna be honest, before like he started it initially himself before I ever joined him and you know, quit the job I had and ca had started working with him. Yeah. And before I ever joined him, he was making a lot more than he's making now. Which is kind of sad to admit that, but yeah. You know, a year and a half we've really grown. Yeah. You know, there's weeks that we've just like blown it out of the park and we're like so happy and so For sure.


Yeah. Sorry I have to cut you off. We're going to a break. But yeah, I would have that conversation with him and maybe there's a sense that he owns it and you work for him making some extra money. This is The Ramsey Show.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This Is a paid advertisement, an MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Today's question of the day comes from why refi? Why refi refinances your private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. Now you guys with private student loans, that's different than federal student loans like Sally May. So learn how you can customize and refinance your loan and all your options and a lump sum payoff option that you can qualify for for after 24 months. So go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


All Right. Today's question comes from Shannon in Alaska. She says, How do I save up for a divorce when I'm in debt? I separated from my husband of eight years after he committed multiple incidents of financial infidelity. I've since increased my income to a hundred thousand, which was what we brought in combined when he could work. The problem is that we have tons of debt, including money owed to the IRS and credit cards. The house is in my name only and I don't want to move our kids out due to their current schools. Do I treat saving for a divorce as a sinking fund or should I pull from my retirement so I don't have to spend more time in this marriage? That's a really good question.


The good news is you are making money, like you're making a good living, not just for a married couple but for a single person. So that's a good part of it. It sounds like you're spending a lot of the income on like whittling away at the debt If, if I understood that correctly. So I would pause that, I would pause whittling away at the debt. Because the truth is once you get divorced yeah it's gonna get, the assets are gonna get split, the debt's gonna get split and I don't want you paying more than your share at this point, plus you've got to pay for the divorce. So yeah, right now I treat this like storm mode and I would stop and I would save up and I'd really kind of put my feelers out there and find out like how much is this gonna cost me? How much can I save up for it?


And it doesn't say whether or not they're separated. Oh she does say I separated. Okay. So I would kind of take my time and make sure I have the money. Because it sounds like you're in your own life at this point. The paperwork just hasn't been done. And so rather than go deeper into debt Yeah I'd save up for it and pay as you go. It's not like you have to have the entire, you know, lump sum all at once. Yeah. And especially depending on who you hire to help you with it. Right. If they want a retainer or whatnot. So I would say that, and depending on the states, I mean divorces depending on the state have different clauses and you know, it depends really state by state. But usually with the assets, yeah, it'll be split including the debt.


And so what that looks like with, from keeping kids like you taking the house, meaning less assets, you have to make sure the debt is all paid. But keeping the kids in school, all of that. And we get that call. A lot of people that are, that have taken on, we got, I got this call with John Delony last week and you know, she took the house to keep the kids in and she can't afford the mortgage anymore. Yeah. It's tough. So, so there is, there's a lot, there's a lot. Money is just one factor of a divorce when a marriages and it's just horrible and terrible for everyone around. But making sure Shannon, that yeah, you're setting yourself up well and that, especially in something like this, that the emotions don't drive all of this because that's where some people get into financial trouble is they just That's right.


They wanna protect the kids, which makes total sense. And if you can, absolutely. But also I wanna make sure that you're doing logical things to set you up well where you will have more peace and less stress when it comes to money after the, the smoke clears with this. But I'm so sorry you're going through that Shannon. That's just, that's, that's so difficult. Next we have Aaron from San Francisco from the Bay Area. Hi Aaron, welcome to the show. Hey, thank you so much for having me on. It's a pleasure to speak with You. Absolutely. How can we help? Well I'll, I'll do my best to be brief and succinct here, but essentially my wife and I have been presented with an opportunity by my in-laws, her parents to take over a business that they've built very successfully.


And the caveat to it that is making us a little uncomfortable is that they're offering half of the business to us, half to her brother, where they would essentially gift us half of the value of the business, which has no debt. We would owe them back for the other half, but we'd be in partnership with her brother now we love her, parents love her brother as a family. There's no real issues. But we both come from family businesses that we've seen just create a lot of turmoil and a lot of pain kind of in both of our families. And so when we got married, we swore that we would never go into any type of family business. It would never be something that we really pursue.


And then this opportunity came up and we wanna, we wanna be wise. We've worked really hard to get outta debt, have been long time listeners and adherence to, you know, to ramsey's baby steps. And So we just feel like, man, are we going backwards by jumping to debt and going into a, a Family business? So I have a question. Her parents Yeah, it's, it's their business. And lemme make sure I understand correct the terms correctly. Are they, are you one, are they needing you to buy them out basically for them to retire? Or are they gifting you all the business? Like are they basically gonna put you guys as as a owners? Yeah, They're, they're essentially gifting us half the business and then we would owe them back for the other half of what it's worth. Almost as if it was a kind of an early inheritance, essentially.


Okay. They want to, you know, my, my mother-in-law's expressed, I you guys are good kids, you work hard, I'd like to help you out before I die. And I think they're looking for a way to, To do that sort of gift something. So, so they are they owning, so Aaron, are they owning half and then you all and the brother have half? So you basically have like a third A third, yeah. Or is it that the brother has the other half and you all have the other half? Yeah, So we, we would owe mom and dad back for 50% of the appraised value of the business. And then my brother-in-law would own a quarter. My wife and I would own a quarter. Okay. So you and the brother together have to, you guys owe together 50%, so you're 25 and he's 25. How much is that?


Yes ma'am. That that's correct. How Much will that be? It would Be about, yeah, it'd be about 4 million that we would owe back and then they would be gifting about 4 million. So your cut of that's 2 million you and your wife's cut? Correct. Okay. Yes ma'am. If, if we decided to, to sell the day that the, if the deal went through, which, which they've expressed, if that's what you guys decide to do and you wanna stick it for sale sign on the ground, the second ink drive, then that, that's your prerogative. But, But if you didn't, if you didn't, like what's the projection on being out of debt? Like, have you run the numbers to see okay, if we did this Yeah, what's your cash, cash position now? You and your wife? So not $2 million, that's for sure. Yeah.


Not, not, not whatsoever. I mean we we're doing, you know, I, I think okay, but you know, just maybe a couple hundred thousand What's but not what's, yeah, I think I honestly, the cleanest way that I see going forward would be would the parents consider just selling the business and then, and then giving you guys part of the inheritance early in life where there doesn't have to be this ownership loop that happens. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's another, that's kind of another piece of the conversation Okay. That, that we're looking at. But it looks like they're leaning more towards, because it's a family of business owners, I think they like the idea of giving us an opportunity to grow a business.


But do you like that business? Is it your passion as a person Or your wife's? No, you know, truthfully, no, I wouldn't say that it's a passion, but we're passionate about the opportunity. Well what kind of business is it? What is it? It's like a, a real estate company essentially. Okay, so what you're Yeah, And it's, sorry. Oh no, I'm just, I mean what you said is really profound to me because what you're interested, you're interested basically in the money, but you're not interested in the work, like the type of work that it is. And I, I mean, I get it, but I don't think that that would be a good reason to, I feel like that's the recipe for disaster is you get into this, it's not what you love, it's not what you're passionate about.


The business suffers. You feel some type of way because you're having to carry this thing that you didn't really want, right? You just cared about. Well yeah, it feels nice to have the stake, like there's a possibility to really have a lot of money long term. But I like Rachel's plan a lot better To sell it. So Aaron, there's, there's a one, you know, there's a way that this all works perfectly and everyone's great. That's just a very small percentage of all the things that can go wrong. And when you start adding the layers of complexity from the parents still have 50% ownership. You have 25% brother brother's, there's a brother that has 25%. It's in an industry you don't know and you owe on top of that, you're having to pay your way out of it over time.


And again, people do this and it works, but it's such a small percentage of nothing going wrong from a financial or a relational aspect. And so, you know what I would do? It would be unfair for your wife to be cut out of a deal from an inheritance standpoint where the brother somehow gets it all. 'cause he wants to take on the debt. So there, there need you guys, I mean honestly with this amount, 'cause we're talking about a $6 million deal here. So I would sit down with a family business estate planner and start kind of walking through, I want multiple options for you and your wife, Erin, where there's a level of fairness within the family, but also you have multiple options of what you guys can do versus just A and b, it's too big of a conversation to limit it to two because I think there's other ways around this.


And I would get, and I would get a professional involved from a family business standpoint and estate planner, planner, sorry Aaron, I know that wasn't cut and dry, but I hope that helps.


You shouldn't own a gun. You're not willing to shoot in moments of self defense. A burna launcher lets you protect yourself in a non-lethal way. That's exactly why burnout launchers were created. Everyone from parents and nurses to pastors and even special forces veterans rely on burna to protect themselves and their families. I own several burners myself. They look like guns, but they're not. They shoot a 68 caliber round kinetic or chemical irritant projectile that can disable a threat from up to 60 feet away. And they're powered by compressed CO2 cartridges. So they're classified with paintball and airsoft guns, but they're more powerful than those for increased protection. Not to mention burna launchers are legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped directly to your door. Plus RAMSEY fans can get 10% off an exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting today with Jade Warshaw. And on this show we talk about living like no one else. So later you can live and give like no one else. And so this whole journey when it comes to your money and us talking about this so often, you know, there's a season of sacrifice of right, getting outta debt and saving up cash. You know, 40% of Americans can't cover a $400 emergency in cash. So even getting above that step, right? I mean like, there's like these, these small wins along the baby steps and then you get to a point where you actually start to get to build wealth and within that you change your family tree, you have options and choices with your life. You get to be unbelievably generous.


And you know, that starts that, that's the second half of this journey. So we always like to highlight some stories of people that have accomplished the first part and as they move into that second part or living in the second part of living and giving, like no one else always get to, to talk to them and share their story with you all. And So we have Rob from New York City on the line and he is a baby steps millionaire. Thanks for the call, Rob. Hey, how's it going? Doing great. Okay, so tell us your net worth right now. It's about 1.1 million. Okay. Yay. And what does that consist of? So we have about, my wife and I combined about 480 in our retirement accounts and then 520 equity in our home.


We have about $80,000 in paid for vehicles, $10,000 emergency fund and about 20,000 in miscellaneous investments. Amazing. Okay. So for your income, what was the worst year from an income standpoint that you guys made and what's been the best year? I mean, when I first started my career full time, probably about 50,000 income and now it's 150. And then my wife probably about, started around 30 and is now 90. Okay. Awesome. How old are you guys? I'm 33. My wife's 35. Wow. Way to go. Well done. Was any of this money inherited?


Ironically, we actually just were gifted $50,000, but that was after we hit our millionaire status. Okay. Yep. So the inheritance did not equate or help in that sense. Advance it and, and what do you guys do? What do you and your wife do? I'm a police sergeant for a small city and my wife is a high school special ed teacher. Wow. Both just public servants. Yeah. Police and teacher. Yeah. Rob, you guys are literally, you're part, like when we do our millionaire studies, the one, the recent one that came out, teacher was in the top five of millionaires. And so yeah. And you guys, I mean that, that's it. Did you guys go to school? I guess she did obviously for teaching. What's your, what's your, do you have any higher ed?


Yeah, so I actually, I don't, I don't need any college degree for my career, but I do have a, an associate's and I am going back online. My job is paying for it, but Okay. And then my wife has a, a master's obviously, as you can imagine. Yes. You guys are pretty young. I mean, to accomplish this is a major accomplishment. So my guess is you've avoided debt or did you have a big amount of debt to pay off? Tell us about that. No, I mean I made some dumb purchases early on. I bought a new truck and a new motorcycle when I first started my career, but I quickly paid it off. Yeah. And then just saved and saved prior to buying a home. Wow. So That helped. Well it clearly that paid off like that, that way of life of getting out and staying out of debt paid off.


Wow. That's amazing. Okay, so what do you tell someone? 'cause you guys are in your early thirties, which again is so impressive because I think that there's, you know, it's, it's, it's hard out there and a lot of people feel this tension of either the paycheck to paycheck cycle, they feel inflation when you go grocery shopping. Like life feels expensive and just keeping up for some people just feels hopeless and they're just trying to get traction and they look at you guys as like a, oh my gosh, I could never imagine, you know, being at that state. So what, what encouragement do you have for people out there of kind of the American dream that it's still this ability that you get to make choices in your life and, you know, from a timeline perspective, it may be different for everyone, but what, what would you tell someone out there that wants to be you guys in the next 10 years?


Just work really hard, have a plan and live within your means. That's all there Is too. And that, and that's the secret. Yeah. I mean truly though, like we say all the time, it's so true. It's a simple concept. The work is hard, but it's simple Yes. To talk about doing, which I so appreciate it because again, I think there's so much, especially on social media and everything, it's like this, this attention grab of what can I do today to get me something different tomorrow where I just make tons of money. Like it's like this, this quick approach. But it really does come back to this common sense way of living of below your means. Yeah. Know what you're doing, pay attention, stay away from debt. And it's incredible what you can do.


Well I Love this example. They're 33 and 35 years old. They started out making 50 to one 50. I mean, for each of 'em, nobody is making 300,000, you know what I'm saying? Right, right. And they're not in their sixties or even in their fifties. And so I really do think this is a great example of how if you just avoid debt and whatever debt you have, you pay it off as quickly as possible. And then it's just, All Right, we're stacking, we're maxing out our 4 0 1 Ks, we're maxing out our IRAs. Yep. I mean, Yeah. So Rob, my last question for you is when we, when we talk about building wealth, it is not just to like accumulate dollars in an account, right? There's so much of our world and society that there's like such a pride and this like ego driven thing of like what's my net worth? Right.


But doing it so that you're able to be generous and have margin to do things. So what has living life in this way, in a common sense way with money that you guys have succeeded and are baby steps millionaires? What's the pro of it? What would you say is the advantage besides just having money? I mean, really just having that financial security. We have two kids and one on the way. So just never having to worry about food and paying utilities. That's, that's just big for us. We work just as hard as we do now with a really good income as we did when we didn't have a good income. So no matter what our net worth is, we just stay focused and keep working hard.


Owning a home is insanely expensive, especially in New York. So you know, people out there that questioning, renting, you have no idea how expensive it gets until you start having to replace things yourself. I know That's right. And Paying and insane electric bills. So it's not easy, but you have to just keep working hard and stay focused. Yeah. Wow. So good. So great. Well Rob, we really appreciate you. Yep. Calling in and sharing your story. I always think it's encouraging and hopeful just to hear from, you know, from real life people that are doing it. So thank you Rob for your time. I appreciate it. I think It's also, I feel like, I feel like that call really cut through a lot of the stigmas, even the, the home purchasing part of it where it's like, there was a lady that called in a couple days ago and she's like, we're, you know, we're, we're millionaires including our house, but my husband says we shouldn't include our house.


You know, that kind of thing. Yes. I'm like, just because you're, even if your home's not paid off yet, if you still have the equity, like that's still counting towards this. So it's like Yeah. I mean it's still value. Yeah, it's Still value in assets and so I just love their story. Really good. Yep. So good. All Right. From TikTok, Jade, are you ready? Yeah. Give me a little TikTok action from Sydney. Okay. She's asking is it worth consolidating debt if the interest rate is lower? I would not consolidate. I don't know. She's talking about student loans or just in general? Oh no, she didn't say. We can make the caveat with student loans, but Yeah with student loans even on that, sometimes I'm on the fence because let's say you have, let's say you have a total of $70,000 of debt, but it's broken up into little bits and pieces.


On the one hand, if you're working a debt snowball like that can be so motivating to say, okay, like I just knocked out the $5,000 one and now I'm doing the $7,000 one. But when it's a big chunk, even though it's a lower interest rate, sometimes that can be very, very overwhelming. So part of me, it's kind of like your personality type on that. But for student loans, I'll tell you, I tend to be one of the people that's like, hey, if you can go quicker and be motivated, the interest rate might not matter as much in the end. Yeah. Because I know for Sam and I, our last student loan was a $91,000 student loan. That's what I was gonna ask. How much I knew it was your largest one. Yeah. And It was one chunk and I was like shook. I was just like, no, I Don't wanna do it, I don't wanna do it. But So that's probably the reason that I would take that approach.


Obviously mathematically speaking you would say yeah if you can get a lower interest rate, like do that. But these consolidation companies, like when we talk about like debt consolidation, the ones you see at midnight. Yep. Those are the worst. I would never pay someone to do for me what I can do for myself. Yes. Which is basically ask for a lower payment or get yourself on a payment plan. Those are all things you can do on your own. You don't need to pay somebody a lump sum, you don't need to tank your credit in order to get a deal. Right. Like all of those things. So I would not use one of those like late night credit consolidation situations. Yeah. Yeah. And I think it is al, it's a question we always get and it always goes back to it's more than just math. Yes. Right. From a mathematical standpoint, sure.


But also from the motivational standpoint, totally different. And you actually could get out faster with better motivation. That's right. And better interest rate. That's so, so great. Well Jade, thanks for the great hour. Fun. Thanks to all the guys in the booth and thank you America. We'll be back.


Taking care of your health doesn't have to cost a fortune. That's why field of Greens is in my house. Field of greens is made from fruits and veggies selected by doctors to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism. And here's the best part. They're so confident your doctor will notice your improved health. They offer a money back guarantee, no questions asked. Try today and get 15% off@fieldofgreens.com slash RAMSEY promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Live from Ramsey Solutions, it's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author and my good friend Jade Warshaw. And we are answering your questions about life and money and relationships, career, anything and everything. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five and we will be taking your calls this hour up. First we have Maya in Atlanta, Georgia. Hi Maya, welcome to the show. Hi, thank you so much. Can you hear me? Yes, we can. How can we help you today Maya?


I am terrified, to be honest. I'm expecting my first child soon and I Congratulations. I am, Thank you. I am in a very big hole. I'm considering filing bankruptcy just because that's kind of what's been recommended to me by a couple friends, but I'm just more so looking for guidance because I don't really know where to start or what to do or if that's even the best option for my situation. Yeah, Well tell us more. How much debt are you in? A little over 200,000. Oh wow. And what kind of debt is that?


So it's kind of a mix. About 25,000 of it is strictly credit cards. Okay. 14,000 is from student loans and then the remainder is pretty much delinquent. Like previous bills that I am behind on or kind of got charged off or auto loans I had. Tell us about the auto loans. Okay, so I had a car rental business that started last year, but it's pretty much a failed business at this point because I'm not really making any revenue and I've considered and tried multiple times selling the vehicles and you know, trying to trade them in how many but no one, there's five different ones.


Can you tell, can you go through and tell us the, the story on each of them? Like what you owe on it and what it's worth? Yes. So there's five different ones. I can pull it up if you give me one second. Sure. So what were you doing? Like Turo or something? Yes. Okay. And so my guess is you pulled dead on all of these vehicles with the intent to rent them and they're correct. You ran up the miles on 'em, so probably they'd depreciated very quickly but you just weren't making the spread that you thought you would. Is that what Right. One of the vehicles actually started out as a personal vehicle, but then I eventually of course used it for the business side of things once I resigned from my, my previous job.


Got it. Okay. Okay, so that makes sense. 'cause before when you said, hey, 25,000 credit cards, 14,000 student loans, the rest is in like other stuff, I'm like, gosh, that's like 160. Yeah. Thousand dollars in other. Okay. It makes sense now that it's cars. Do you have that info? Yeah, if not, we can move on to the next thing. I do have all of the cars and how much is owed on each one. Okay. But as far as the value of them, I kind of got the information a little while back. Okay. So it's not as up to Date. Okay. Well as, as much as we can go through 'em and kind of give you some insight. So the first car, let's call it car number one, what do you, okay, what do you owe on it?


The first one I owed 24,000. And what do you think it'd be worth? Private sale. What I've tried or what I got last information on was about 20,000. Okay. And how long ago was that information? Probably about three to four months ago. And this is for all of them about three to four months ago. Okay. So one is 20 your $4,000 upside down. Okay. Not as bad as I thought. What's the next one? The second one is about 28,000 is what's, 28,007 is what's owed on it. Do you want me to keep going on the other ones? You said you owed 28,000 and what's it worth? Get 28 from it As far as that one's worth.


It's probably a couple months ago. It was around 25. Okay. Is what it was Worth. Okay. What about car number three? Number three is 37,005. Okay. What I was told it was worth is about maybe 33 ishish and some change. Okay. And just for clarity, what did you go to like a CarMax type place? Where'd you get that information? Correct? That's where I got 'em all previously appraised. Okay. That's good to know. The good news is what I wanna encourage you, like before we even get through the list, the good news is yeah, CarMax value is like the, probably the lowest value you would get for them if you sold these private sale, you might actually break break even.


Yeah. Yep. So keep going. Let's hear number four, number five real quick and then Rachel and I'll give you your advice. Okay. Number four is about 40,000 that's old on it and I, that's the one that I really don't know what it's worth, but if I'm guessing it's probably about 5,000 upside down, but I'm not a a hundred percent for Sure. Okay. Okay. And then the final one, The final one is 40 2002 is what's owed and the last time I got it appraised it was about 6,000 upside down. Okay. Okay. Okay. So the good news is I really think for sure the first three, if you sold in private sale you could probably break even or get really, really close.


But I think if I were in your shoes, and I'm not saying this, this is not a sexist comment by any means, but I'd be getting with whoever I know that has a little bit more kaons in this area and like more expertise, like I'd be calling up my dad and brother, be like, help me sell these cars when these asap Yeah, when these, because my, I just added this up, that's $171,000 in cars. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And if it, in worst case scenario, you're probably 15, $16,000 upside down. So this, this, I mean I, I would be making, I would say I'm getting these, I'm getting rid of these in the next two weeks. Yeah. Yeah. I mean like I would be putting them everywhere, all over the internet, anywhere I could. I have some great cars and I'm selling them, get them out of my life because that frees up, I mean I can't imagine that car payments you're paying every month on these.


Yeah, Maya, I mean like that's, yeah, I mean I, that would be my number one and so there is a lot of hope in that situation. That 100%. Yeah, the majority of all of these, I mean, yeah, you could be, Have you tried to sell them and not had luck? Is that what's holding you back? Yeah, They're also, a few of them are like extremely tied due to the point where they're kind of out for repossession. So it's like I'm trying to get rid of them The same so they're back Payments. Okay, okay. Yeah. Okay. So which would make me get that I, and I would take less to get them out quicker. Yeah. So that it doesn't, they don't get repoed. 'cause then you have nothing to, to offset the debt even if you have to take less. I would, I mean this is more of a desperate situation because of what you're in, you know, my, it's kind of like, you know, with, you know with people that are behind on their mortgage and it's like you'd rather sell it quickly than get foreclosed on.


I mean it's kind of the same equivalent. So The hard thing though is you've gotta be able to give 'em the title. So how are you gonna close the gap from the one, do you know what I'm saying? If you take less, how are you gonna close the gap so that you can actually sell it free and clear? Do you have any money anywhere saved? I only have as of today probably about a thousand dollars to my name. Okay. So what I would do then with that a thousand dollars because one of breaking loose on one of these is gonna help you avalanche through all of them. So the one that you was the least upside down was number two. The one that you owed 28,000 on that was worth 25. Right. If you can just really quickly get 3000 bucks saved and just focus on that one, you even clearing one of these immediately is going to rock your world.


Yep. You know? Absolutely. And so that's what I'd focus on. And then after that, they're gonna go like Domino's because it's gonna clear up that payment. You're not gonna feel the stress of it. And so focus on one at a time. But there's a lot of hope here, like Rachel said. Yep. For sure. And what you can do to make money between now and when baby comes is gonna be as helpful as possible too. That's right. That's right. Some extra money. Maya. If you stay on the line, Christian's gonna pick up and we're gonna get you with a financial coach to even walk with you through some of this. 'cause there's a lot here. And with a baby coming, I know. It's just life. It's difficult. So hopefully that helps. Thanks for the call.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys. I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance, Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


People ask me all the time, George, what's your number one money saving hack? I'm glad you asked. Nothing makes me happier than helping another frugal friend. So here's the hack. Get on a budget. Seriously, how are you supposed to save money if you don't know how much you're spending in the first place? And that's what makes the EveryDollar budgeting app a game changer. With EveryDollar, you'll get a clear picture of your spending and from there it's easy to see where you can get more intentional cut back and save more money. So how much money are we talking here? Well, the average EveryDollar Budgeter frees up $395 in their first budget. That's the hack. And if you ask me, I think you're way above average and you'll save even more. So what are you do when still listening to me go Download the EveryDollar app for free and start saving more money right now


When it comes to your insurance bundling home and auto is usually a great, a great start to saving some money. And our RAMSEY trusted pros actually will shop the market for you and compare insurance quotes so that you don't have to. Your pro will compare pricing discounts and bundle deals for you with no extra cost. So that will save you a ton of time and money, which is great. And when you work with an agent, that's what they do for you and our RAMSEY Trusted pros. They're interviewed, they're vetted, and they're coached to make sure that they are market experts and have your best interest at heart. So to get connected with an insurance pro, that again, is going to help you shop insurance the right way. Make sure to check them out at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash bundle because that's one of the easiest ways that you're gonna gonna be able to save money on insurance and the cost when it comes to bundling your policies. So to get a pro in your corner and to check out the pricing, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash bundle, or click the link in the description if you're watching on YouTube or listening in podcast. On podcast. Not in it. I guess you could be in a podcast. On podcast. There you go.


All Right. Next we have Joseph in Lafayette. Hi Joseph. Welcome to the show. Hello. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. How can we help? Okay, well my fiance and I, well I should say my fiance wants to move. We currently live at her on her parents' property in a back house while we're paying off our debt. And when we get taxes in, she'd like to pay off one of the loans, but then move. And I like from all the numbers I I've touched, it's like I'm trying to not break her heart, but tell her that we might need to stay longer until we pay off all of our debts before we add another Bill expense. Yeah. Why does she wanna move? It's always, we're getting a bit older just to get away from, you know, parents.


Nothing wrong with parents, it's just something we, we wanna move to a bigger place for the kids. Okay. So it's more out of a desire, not a necessity. It's not like something is going awry relationally and it's like we gotta get outta here for the health of our family. There's not an urgency to it necessarily. It's just a deep desire of like, I wanna be on my own. Yes Ma'am. Okay, perfect. So how much, how much extra do you guys have a month? If you were to try to say, okay, yeah, what, here's what we would probably rent for. Have you guys put that into a budget just to see what that looks like? Paying, I have paying off the loans still. Like if we were to move instead of paying off the loans, I'd be like negative three 50.


Okay. Every month. How much are the loans? I've got three loans that all average about $2,500. 2,500. Okay. Okay. Yes. And what's the, what are you paying right now to live in this other property that your parents have? I electric loans 30 a month. Are you there? Yes. Okay. How much, how much are you guys paying? Do you, are you paying anything or are they letting you live there for free? Pretty much free. I just pay the electric bill while they know. Okay. How much do you make a year, Joseph? You and your wife? Combined? My wife's a stay at home mom and this year I made 44,000.


44,000. Okay. Because I was gonna say, I mean you have eight grand of debt. It's not, Yeah. Well how were you paying off other debt before this and this is just what's left or this Is what's left. Oh, That Makes more sense down. That's True. Okay. So when do you think, like, based off of the progress you've been making, how quickly can you have this 7,500 paid off? I mean, I could pay off one loan and that, that loan that's $400 a month that I can put towards other loans. Yeah. It's like paying off one, but it's you time to the heart of variables. So it's, I could pay off the biggest and then pay off the other ones. Well you wanna move smallest to largest. Like that's the way that we would teach you to do it.


But even doing that, how quickly do you think you'd be through the whole 7,500? Within the next six months. Six months. Okay. Yeah. So that gives you adequate time to start doing your research and seeing what it would look like to rent. Like Rachel said, you're throwing it in a budget, you're kind of running the numbers and getting used to what that idea would feel like. And by the time this debt is gone, it's gonna be, you know, you packing up that. Yeah. I mean how many, how many kids do you guys have? Three. How many? Three. Three? Okay. Because Joseph, I would say, what do you do for a career Warehouse management. Okay. Because 44 grand, you know, with a family of five Before taxes, Before taxes, you know, I mean Yeah.


You guys are running on a tight ship and so to just, I mean, I'm gonna say as the kids get older and as you guys start looking, 'cause eventually Yes. The goal is to own your own place one day. You know, there, it's, it's either gonna take a, it's gonna take longer Right. With on a $44,000 salary. Yeah. Or if she decides to pick up some work and do something from home to bring in, I mean, even a thousand bucks a month or something to help kind of speed this up as well. Right. I mean, I think that's what's always, you know, di difficult in a situation is, you know, we are all for stay-at-home moms. Yeah. Like, that is not a slam against our, I mean, I think that that is incredible. Absolutely incredible.


But when you make one choice there, then other choices, you know, so she has to understand too that there's a reality of what you guys make every year and what you bring in a month and there's a reality of what you can afford. So either if, you know, and I don't want you working 80 hours a week to be able to own a home. Right. Right. I mean like, like there, like there's a reality too to your time and enjoyment of life. But, but that's a, that's a reality she needs to realize. So even though I know she doesn't like being there, there, there's a math issue here too. How Old are the kids? Six, seven, and two. So is she doing the homeschool thing or are they, are two of them already in kindergarten?


Homeschool and, yeah, Homeschool. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Which is great. So I think that, you know, and you guys do a budget together. I mean, I'm assuming she sees all these numbers. We Just started. Okay. I just discovered the, the, the Ramsey Solutions. Okay. Like two, three months ago. Oh, awesome. Well you guys made great progress. Well done. That's awesome. Thank you. So, and, and how old are you guys? You may have said this. I am 24. She is 25. Okay. Okay. Well, and the positive thing is too, Joseph, I mean, if, you know, if this was the case and you guys were in your late thirties or something, I'd be like, whew, okay. We gotta we gotta keep moving. But you're young in a sense that, you know, you'll only be moving up Yeah. In income from, you know, every year you'll, you should progressively be making more and, and that, and that's the positive.


So it may not happen as fast as she may want it, but also there, you know, I would make it a goal though, to at least get out. I understand what she's saying and become, you know, your own crew Yeah. Somewhere and renting, but buying a home and all of that, it may just take a little bit longer. Yeah, that's true. That's true. It's, yeah, I, I understand that. And like, I hope she does too. It's just, I don't want to break her heart. 'cause she was like, we need to move, we need to move. And Well, you're not breaking her heart. Math is breaking her heart. 'cause she's not living in reality. I mean, And she could be sad about it. And that's, that's appropriate too, right? Where it's like, oh my gosh, I wanna be gone outta here and this sucks and I hate it. But you know what grownups, we, we all do things that we don't, we don't like, but yeah.


But I would say, again, hear me say we are pro being on your own. Even if you were a single guy, Joseph and you were 24, we'd like, Hey Joseph, how can you get outta your parents' house? Right? So for the time being, you guys are on a plan and have an end date as well. This would help her too. When you actually look, 'cause you said we can be done in six months and you know, it's, it's February, so what is that August-ish or so? Yeah. And make it a plan to say, okay, by September 30th we are renting a new spot. October one we'll be paying rent for a new spot. Right. And you guys together need to be at a timeline and have that end date. 'cause that's going to help her. If it's this just like forever we we're gonna try, we'll see that ambiguity, I feel like stresses people out.


And I understand that in her case. So have a plan and then you guys Yeah. Rent. And then again, I dunno, there, there was a reality too for her to realize. I mean, you guys are in a great spot, a situation to pay off the debt fast versus having to pay $800 in rent somewhere in Lafayette. So that's what I would do. Yeah. What do you think, Jade? I I, I Think you're right. You know, I like, I love when moms wanna stay at home. I think it's a great idea. I love the idea of homeschooling, but there's two really, like you said, facing the reality of a financial situation. And like I've said many times on this show, a dream deferred is not a dream denied just because you say, Hey, in this season I'm not getting, you know, I'm not able to have my cake and eat it too.


So in this season I've gotta work hard. And then once I get our ourselves in a better situation, then I can do those things. I can stay at home, I can do the homeschooling. And so I think that there's a, a little bit of sacrificing to win that needs to take place here. Yes. Or you're sacrificing by choosing to, to be home and homeschooling, which again is great, but then you're sacrificing home ownership down the road. That's also true. And you got, and that's a and that's the thing, right? You guys have just have to look at the math and the values of your family, Joseph, and that's what you want to drive you. But math has to be a reality that we have to live in. That we can't just want something and it just happened. That's, that's not being a grownup either. So I hope that helps Joseph, but you guys are killing it. I mean, you guys have made so much progress already.


So keep up the great work.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. You've probably heard people talk about different kinds of flags and friendships and romantic relationships, red flags, green flags, beige flags. Listen, it can be helpful to look for patterns or unsafe behaviors in potential relationships. But all those labels can distract from what's really important, your values. And whether you and your potential partner are willing to wake up every day and choose to honor each other's values. And look, I know it can be tough sometimes to even know what's important to you in a relationship. Therapy can help you figure out what your values actually are and decide your boundaries and your non-negotiables. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy that works with your schedule to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. If it's not the right fit, you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost. So whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or working on yourself, do it with help from BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


I still remember 10 years ago, 23 years old, I was frustrated, anxious, and flat broke. I had followed all the ways that toxic money culture had led me down from well-meaning parents and misguided guidance counselors. And it left me with a pile of debt. But I'm telling you it doesn't have to stay that way over a decade. I went from broke to millionaire and I break it all down in my new book, breaking Free from Broke, I'm gonna show you just how toxic this money system is and how you can break free from credit scores and credit cards and student loans and auto loans and investing traps. And finally live a life that you're not exhausted by a life with more margin, more options, and more peace. If you wanna check out the book, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to get your copy of breaking Free from Broke. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Every quarter our research team sends out a survey to listeners of this show, but also just the general public just to get a poll on what's going on when it comes to personal finance in America and our Q4 results are in and they've taken everything, all the data people, they're so good at it. They are good at it. Yeah. And they figure out all this stuff. But we have some highlights from the study, which we just think we think are interesting. It's very interesting. So the first one is that saving money was the top New year's resolution for Americans saving money. Yeah, I get that piece. I can understand that. Okay. 37% of Americans said their personal finances will get better during the second Trump presidency.


Listen, I think that's, we saw that at the polls obviously. Yeah, for sure. 37%. One in four US adults plan to use their tax refund to treat themselves. Whether it's travel clothes, eating out or something more. Oh wow. Which caveat y'all, if you're in debt and you don't have savings, use your tax refund for that stuff. Yeah. When you get it and adjust it so you don't get a big refund. I know, right? That's so funny to me. That's that Disney money right there. Okay. I love this one. Grocery shopping was the number one category where Americans said they're likely to overspend. Which we've been telling you guys that for years, that's Us Food is the budget buster. Right? We Did a Costco run two weeks ago, I don't wanna tell you. It was terrible.


Absolutely terrible. I thought, oh my gosh, if I spend this on clothes, I would have, I already know what it is because, because it's the same at our house. So bad. It's so bad. Nearly six in 10 American adults said weekly meal planning is an essential task. But 44% wish they did it better. Ooh, well six outta 10 60%. That's pretty good. Yeah, because back to this grocery thing, eating out food in general Yeah. Is always a budget buster. So grocery shopping for sure. But if you don't plan for it, you end up going to a restaurant getting to go. I mean it just ends up being like the catchall where you end up spending more doing that. Yeah. But it's like, I mean when I look at that, it's like eating, eating your vegetables. Like we all know like yeah, I'm supposed to eat broccoli.


Yeah. Like I should probably eat Brussels sprouts but we don't do it. You know what I mean? But meal planning, do you find I, this is like, it's a love language to me. I love it. I feel in control. I'm like, I know exactly. Tonight we have spaghetti and meatballs. Yes. Yesterday we had chill. Like we plan out exactly what we're gonna eat. Yep. Every night. And it feels good to me. I think I'm like it feel in control. I think if you have Rachel, those go-to meals that the ones you that are easy, the ones you know your family likes, it does make meal planning easier. I think it's the folks who are like, I hate cooking. Yep. I'm bad at cooking. I don't know what to like those are and I'm tired after Day. Really? I don't wanna, I Struggle. That's fair. That's fair. Alright, So this one is a heavy hitter. It says, American said the ideal interest rate for them to consider buying a home in the next 12 months is 4.5%.


Keep in mind that right now it's 6.13 or something like that. Yep. Yep. Absolutely. Okay. 45% of Gen Z and millennials said that if the government increased the child tax credits, it would be a big or moderate impact on their decision to have a child or additional children. That's 45%. That's a lot. Are we gonna have a kid or not? Depends on the tax credit. I, I mean, don't get me wrong, like Rachel, we're always talking about considering, but finances and family planning. But I feel like that's definitely next level. All Right. About half of Americans have given money to a person in need or a charitable cause in the last three months. I think that's great.


Prioritizing, generosity. I think no matter where you are in the baby steps, if you do that, like there's nothing wrong with that. That's a wonderful thing. Gives us some, gives us some humanity. Yeah. That, that makes me feel good about I about people. All Right. 30 the last one, 33% of Americans said that it's acceptable to borrow money from the person you're dating to pay a bill. Let me tell you something Rachel. Lemme just tell you something Rachel. If I'm dating, listen. If I'm dating Leroy and he slides into my text like, Leroy, Can you gimme? And Leroy says, Jane, I need, I need extra 300 bucks to cover the cart payment this month. I Do you think it's different between guys and girls?


If a Girl comes to a guy, it Shouldn't be. It shouldn't be. But it feels different. It does, it does. It's way less attractive for a guy to come to a girl for some reason for money. Like a Girl to a guy. Can you spot me a few singles for my utility bill? No, I can't. Sorry. Leroy. Leroy, Leroy budget. What are you doing? Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Oh boy. Well I'll go back to one though, Jade, with buying a home. Yeah. And they want to, you know, have the interest rate drop, which again makes sense. If it's around 6.1% right now and they want a 4.5, almost a 2% drop. Yeah it does, it saves you a ton of money in the long run. But lemme tell you guys, get in the game. If you have an already, like if you have the ability to buy a house, meaning you are out of debts, you have an emergency fund, you have at least 5% down and your, you know, your payments, you know no more than 25% of your take home pay on a 15 year fix.


Like all the parameters are there. Don't sit and wait on an interest rate. 'cause you can always refinance later. But we, we, you don't have control over that. But getting in the market as soon as possible, I really think is a good bet because Jade, as we've seen it, that the housing market, it's not, it's not shooting up. Prices are not shooting up like they were, you know, three years ago, but they steadily are still increasing. That's right. The small percentage. So it's just gonna get more and more expensive. So if you have the ability to get in, go ahead and get in the earlier the better. And again, I want you to be financially ready before you do so. But if you have any questions around housing, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate and we have so much information on there, you guys, 'cause again, buying a house is a big part of your financial plan and we want you to be set up well with the information and with the people around you to be able to make that as smooth as possible.


All Right, up next we have Lisa in Raleigh. Hi Lisa, welcome to the show. Thank you Rachel. Rachel, my husband and I are 64. We'll be turning 65 at the end of the year. So of course we're thinking about retirement. Retirement and that kind of panics me a lot. I feel that we did not plan very well and it came very fast. We do not have a pension. I took my 401k to pay off some debt, but we do own a home with no mortgage of 700,000. And I do own a business that is grossing 1.3 million A month.


Or I'm sorry, a year. A Year. A year. And what do you take home from that? If it's grossing? What's it, what's the profit of it? A about, about 200. Good For you. Great job. I I know, but we just find it very hard to save money and money is always going back into business. And of course we like to live a nice lifestyle too as well. But, so my question is, how do you have enough income for retirement if you don't have the pension or the 401k? Would it be wise to sell the house at, at some point and the business and then invest that and live off the Income?


Yeah. Do you guys, are you, are you married, Lisa? Yes, I'm married 40 years. Okay. Oh, congratulations. Thank you. Do you guys have any retirement? Thank you. Any Roth I raids? Any 4 0 1 Ks, any mutual funds, anything? I, I, no, I took it. We, you know, you'll, you'll love this. We paid off our kids college with that, so no. Okay. And does the business, you guys run together so your husband doesn't have a separate income? He he takes social security. He doesn't take a salary from the business. Okay. So he takes two thou, 2000 a month Social security. And just to, to clarify for me, you said the net profit from the business was 200,000, but it sounded like that's not necessarily what you take home.


'cause you were investing a lot back into the business. Did I hear that right? Well, I would, I would say 200,000 Is what you're taking home. But of course, And that's, and that's what you guys make a year total household because he's not working. So are you guys living off of 200? Yes. Okay. What are you doing? Where's the 200 going Exactly? Well we do, we do help his parents and that's about 2000 a month. They're 92 years old and they have round the clock care. Okay. And So we do help with that. We do have two car loans.


Oh, okay. How much are those? Those are two cars. 400 each. But what do you owe on them At least? Okay, so you're paying $800 a month and leased cars $2,000 to, in to, to parents. So I think what you guys really need is to get on a budget and we'll give you an EveryDollar budget, but that's gonna help you see where all the money is going. And when you see that, you're gonna have this moment of Oh my goodness. And that's gonna give you the opportunity to reshift your priorities, you and your husband and saying we might not be able to afford some of the things that we're doing specifically the Lease cars. Yeah. And we can't, and we're gonna be able to retire soon. Either Lisa, unless you have a plan to sell the business, you guys could downsize and put some of that money and investments.


But my fear is, Lisa, your habits haven't changed when you do that. And you guys will blow through that money. So I would sit down with an investment professional, a trusted pro, and, and really look at this retirement. If you hold in the line, Christian will pick up and we'll direct you where to go. Thanks so much for the call, Lisa.


Okay. Picture this. You sit down to do your taxes, but instead of stressing out, you're actually ahead of the game and filing with an affordable software that makes your computer shoot confetti when you're done. Okay. Not that last part. But Ramsey Smart Tax does make filing easy and doesn't make your bank account cry. Ramsey Smart Tax is a hundred percent accurate software that's honest about its pricing and is backed by a company who's been in the business for over 50 years. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax to take advantage of early bird pricing and stress free filing. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


If you're wondering if you're staying on track with the baby steps, make sure to check out our quick quiz, check your progress, and receive a personalized plan just for you. So go down and click the link in the show notes. Are you on track with the Baby Steps and complete the quiz and I'll just give you a quick snapshot of, of where you are financially. All Right. Up next we have Edward in New York City. Hi Edward, welcome to the show. Hi, thank you so much for taking the call. Absolutely. How can we help? Yeah, so I'm looking to, I have an opportunity to invest in a house in a small city in western Pennsylvania.


It's, it's a rental and I've never bought, just to give you a little background, if you don't mind about, you know, my finances, I'm 29, I'm single, my retirement has about 85,000 in it. I have about 85,000 in cash brokerage account in stocks and stuff like that is about 40. I pull in about 4,400 for my day job a month. Okay. And then, and then I have a property of my own rental property that I own and I do have a mortgage on that. How much is that? The mortgage? Yeah, it's about 83,000.


Okay. It's valued around like 1 75, 200. Okay, Great. And where, where are you living? You know, I, I think you guys are, what's That? Where are you living right now? Yeah, so I actually, I had an another apartment and I was fixing it up and then I actually sold it. I was gonna rent it out, so I moved back home to my parents. Okay. So what's that property? Yeah, you sold. Oh you sold it, you sold it? Yeah, I sold it, yeah. Okay. Is that okay? Where's the proceeds to that? Yeah, that's like, I'm just holding that in cash right now in my brokerage. Is That the 40,000? Yeah. Okay, got It. Okay. Interesting. Okay.


And, and the question is another property? Yeah, I have a, I have a third opportunity that a friend gave me. Also, I think if you, if you guys don't, I think you'll laugh at this. My rental property actually burned down. Oh no. So I wouldn't asked at It. No. Rental properties are not passive income. I run that the hard way. Yeah. Got you. Amen. Edward say it, say it louder for the people in the back as they say, it's all good. So tell Rebuilt that's fine when you tell me. But for $44,000 cash, it has a tenant in there, they pay about 9, 6 75 a month.


The taxes and the insurance I was told are about 150 a month. Okay. Here, can I, can I pause for just a second? Let me, let me get a Yeah, a little bit more. So the one that burnt down, what's the status on that? It's being rebuilt. Okay. It's a townhouse. Okay. I, and I'm a, I'm the president of the HOA board. Okay. So I'm closely aligned with, you know, the construction process and everything like that. So When it's, when it's built out, are you planning on keeping it as a rental or are you gonna sell it? I'm gonna rent it. Yep. You're gonna rent it and keep it. Okay. I mean, I think my, my my next goal for you, Edward, is a, is a home for yourself, is a primary residence.


Yeah. I'm gonna, I'll be moving in with my girlfriend this summer and we're probably gonna rent. Okay. So, Well again, I mean I I would be putting my, i my next financial goal because do you don't have any debt correct? Other than the mortgage? Yeah, no consumer debt. You have an emergency fund in place. You have this rental. I mean, again, from a, from a goal of getting yourself, not trying to play, play some game with the real estate market, but just truly trying to get you in the best position at Word financially is going to be owning a primary residence and paying it off as quickly as possible. And then beyond that is kind of when we, when we factor in looking into real estate as an investment, because it is a great investment, but also doing it in the right order I think is key.


It brings I think more stability and peace to you. So can I clarify, can I clarify the first rental that you were talking about, that you have somebody in there, did you say that you owe 83,000 on it and it's worth 1 75? Yeah. That's the one that burned down? Yeah. Oh, okay. But if you, and it's where you live, like it's in your area. Yeah. So my question is, you told me you said you have 85 in cash, then you've got 40,000 in a brokerage. Why wouldn't you? Now don't get me wrong. Yeah. I don't think you should do the deal in Pennsylvania. You're nowhere near there. But why wouldn't you pay off the, the one that you plan to keep? Yeah, I think about that daily. Yeah. And, and live in that townhouse.


Be completely debt free, then Yeah. Then you can look and say, okay, is there another rental I wanna do? I would not do 44. You know, how far Is, how, how far is this from Pennsylvania? Oh, it's far. It's, it's on the western border. Yeah. I I mean I wouldn't, Edward I mean I think that's gonna be exhausting and it's not gonna be, I mean it's not a ton. So I think you could save that money. Yeah. I would only Make, I would only make maybe $450, $500 a month. Yeah. It's not worth Profit. Yeah. So we crossed that one off the list. You pay off the one that you have. Okay. For 85,000 now you've got a paid for rental and then you've got another $40,000 to start putting towards a down payment on Yeah.


Would you, your house, what would you live in that town? Home? My girlfriend won't. Why? I would, she doesn't like it, but I mean, with some con convincing and showing her their financials, I might be able to convince her, But Yeah, because I don't, it'll be brand new this summer, so. Okay. Because I mean, I'm gonna be honest, Edward, I mean you're putting to a degree your financial, not your financial future. It sounds so dramatic, but your decisions about your finances in the hands of a girlfriend, not your wife, not someone that, you know what I mean? Yeah. I I like that. So, so there is, just, just remember that, I mean, 'cause honestly, Edward, if you thought about it, just play out a scenario, what Jade said was brilliant that paid off.


What if you lived in there, you had no rent, right? Like, like nothing. Right. And you're making, how much are you making a month? Just 4,404. Yeah. Yeah. So you're making that, you live off that and put some in investments, put some away, have a goal for a property, like run some numbers out of what life could look like. 'cause when you don't have a mortgage, that is the largest expense in somebody's line item of a budget. I mean, it is, your living expenses is always your home. Yeah. Whether rent or a mortgage is always the highest. And if you can eliminate that and you have, you have absolutely no debt, no debt at all, then you can say, yeah, maybe I'm gonna sell this town home in two years. Yeah. Because it's gonna be worth two 50, 100% and then I'm gonna go get some, you know what I mean?


And I can step up in house. The way people step up in a car, you have the ability to do this. Okay. Kind of from a home perspective and just 'cause the girlfriend doesn't like it. I mean, I, I just, yeah, I wouldn't, I wouldn't put a lot of stock in that honestly. And I don't know, that's, and You know, just, just to end off that, I totally agree, honestly, that's the wise decision. But you know, if I was a, like a seasoned investor, let's say I was like 20 years older and I had a, a large portfolio even then, would you think that investing in out-of-state properties is a bad move? Yeah. We, we always say no to that because of the headache, the hassle, you don't have eyes on it, you end up honestly paying a man, a property manager most of the time. Yeah. That's what I was gonna do to do it.


And it Yep. And then it just eats into the profit. And, and for the most part, you're not getting a lot out. And, and as you you'll see with real estate, for most people, you're either making money on a flip, buying it low, selling it high, making the spread. And you have to know what you're doing. If you're doing that and or you are buying property and you make, you make your money at the table, right. When you're buying the property, that's usually where you're gonna make the money. And then you, you don't make a ton of money off the rents. Like that's not what's gonna make you rich. It, it's the value of the property increasing and selling it eventually and taking the equity. Right. That's where you're really gonna win. So having a, having a rent is not, that's not the mindset I go into. It's either I have this and I'm holding it and I'm gonna make the money off the equity, off the value off of the value of the property long term.


Or I buy a crappy, you know, $44,000 property that you can see. And if you're into it Edward, and you're like, yeah, I mean I could get some subs in there, we could fix it up and I could sell it for 1 25. You make some cash that way. Right. That's happening. That's a, that's a other that's not happening. Do what? Yeah. He said that's not happening. Oh, that's happen. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, those are the two ways I see. Yeah. That's a tiny Little house. It's Not Okay. Yeah. That's the way I see the, the investment on real estate. It's either doing it with cash and you get some short term gain from a, from a flip, which again, know what you're doing if you're doing that, what you're getting yourself into or when you're doing it, it's more for the long game of the equity. Yeah. You know, I was, I was gonna, I put a loan mortgage in, or I'm sorry, an application in buy a house near me.


It was severely damaged and everyone is, I got outbid by a bunch of cash offers. Yeah. And it went over asking. Yeah. And like, I can't even compete in this market, honestly near Me. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and let me encourage you too, you know, like in 10 years maybe this is a game you end up playing, but maybe you just invest for now, you know, build up some money that way and then taking that and, and doing some real estate later down the road. It doesn't have to be today, but, but you're doing great, Edward. I mean, you're, you're in a great spot Jay. Thanks for a great hour. Thanks to all the guys in the booth and thank you America. This is The Ramsey Show.