
Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave RAMSEY, your host Jade Washau. RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. The call is free, and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. Vinny starts this hour in New York City. Hi, Vinny, how are you? Hey, how are you? Pretty good. Good. How can we help? So, I looking to get advice.


I have a small business. I have about $95,000 in debt in our business, and we make good money in sales. But every time I feel like I make money, all of my profit just goes to my credit cards and that I never see anything. And it's just very frustrating 'cause I make two steps forward, one step back, if that makes sense. So I'm trying to see what I can do to get my debt down. I also have a small, small debts in my personal, because I'm also looking, I wanna buy a house next year as well. So that's what I need help with.


Okay. Well, bad news, you're not gonna buy a house next year 'cause you're gonna be getting out of debt. Yeah. Yeah. You, you can't do both of these things. Right. The, so you financed the start of your business on credit cards? No, I, no. So we've been in business, You said you had business debt and then you said credit cards were taking all your money. That's where I got that. Well, So we have business debt because we purchased, I made some, you know, terrible finance decisions as far as buying a truck at the wrong time, purchasing a newer truck instead of an older truck. And one of the, one of the biggest, I'm sorry. Oh, go ahead. Keep going.


One of the biggest debts is in February, I had to spend 30,000 on a pickup truck because in February I had an accident and I had to clean snow and I had no choice but to, to purchase another truck to, you know, complete the snowflake, the commercial properties. So You didn't have insurance? I have insurance. They fixed my other truck, but now I have two trucks when I didn't even budget for that or plan for that. Are you still, still I have my Are you still actively taking out debt or have you decided I'm done. Like, have you changed your philosophy around debt? Yeah. Right now I'm, I'm done.


I, right now I try to make the low, you know, the lowest amount of expenses. Like I, for instance, I don't even go out into dinner anymore. I try to cook, you know, food at home. Okay. Let, let's go back to the business. Let's go back to the business a second. In, in your business, you, what do you do? What is your business? We do landscaping and construction. Okay. All Right. And now you have two trucks and you only need one? Well, I mean, we are, yeah, exactly. Pretty much. Yeah. Not pretty much. Absolutely. Yeah. You were doing it on one and then you stupidly went and bought another one to, to plow three streets while the other one was being fixed.


Right. Okay. Right. So how much do you owe on the stupid truck? 30,000. Okay. Sell it. Sell it. Okay. Yeah, Let's get rid of that debt, I guess. Rid of a third of your debt, dude. Yeah. And you didn't need it, Right? You panicked. Right. Okay. Next time you panic debt is not your answer. That's what she meant by, are you through with debt every time you have a problem in business, if you go borrow money, you'll be out of business in about 20 minutes. Right. That's the path you're on. Okay. And how much credit card debt have you got? I have six.


I have about another 30. Okay. And what's the other 30? So I have, it's a couple credit cards. I have one credit card at 16. Yeah. And then I have another credit card that is six. And then I have another one that's about Eight. Okay. That's 30 and 30 on a truck. But you told me 95. So what's the other 35? So the other, the other 35 is I have my, the original, the first truck I have, I still owe 15,000 on that. Okay. And then I owe my dad 12,500. Okay. All Right. Good. Okay. So, and, and what did you, what was your profit in the year 2024 net profit that you paid taxes on?


My net profit was around 40,000. Okay. All Right. And you live in New York City In Connecticut, but it's worse. I was in their city. Yeah. Yep. Extremely expensive. Yeah. You can't, you know, you're not making any money. Right. You're starving to death. Yeah. I mean, if you had a job making 40,000 and no debt, you, we would tell you to look for a job. Right. So is this, is the business growing? The business is growing. You know, last year in sales in 24, we did around 200,000 in 23 to a hundred.


So definitely is growing. Okay. Well if you can double it again, you can get there. Right. So if you sold, if you sold the truck and doubled it again and lived on beans and rice at home, right. You can plow your way through. There's no pun intended. Okay. Are you single? I am, yes. Okay. All Right. Yeah. And, and I, if you're not working on your construction stuff, you're working, doing something else, you work all the time, you're broke. So pick up, pick up a side gig working for somebody else if you can't stay busy with your construction, landscaping stuff. Okay. So, okay. That, that's the trick, man. I mean, you, you've gotta get some income coming in to offset this.


'cause it takes more than $40,000 a year to eat in Connecticut. Right. And, and so there's nothing left. That's why it feels like the credit cards are killing you. However, it's actually the stupid second truck that's killing you. Yeah. How many employees have you got? I have four employees Full-time. Yeah. Okay. You gotta get more work in there. You got four people working, creating 200 grand. You gotta get more work going. You gotta get this to 400 grand to make these numbers work. But it sounds like you're on that track. That's a positive part of the story. The business is actually growing. If you can maintain your margins by carefully managing the business and managing the accounting of the business and quit borrowing money, every time something goes sideways, like you borrowed money from your dad, you borrowed money on a credit card, you borrowed money to buy a truck, you borrow money and buy another truck.


Right. It's gotta stop. You're killing yourself. Right? Right. So if you stop that, what Jade said is exactly right, you stop that and you divorce yourself from debt is my provider to I am my provider. Yeah. I am going to get up, leave the cave, kill something, and drag it home to the T of 400 grand. 'cause see you go to 80. If you kept your margins, you go to 80. No. Yeah, yeah. You'd go to 80. If you made 40 on 200, you'd to 80 on 400. Yeah. And so keep your margins right there. And at 80 you live on 40 40 and you sell the truck, you're almost out of debt. You sell the 30,000 truck, you got 60 left, you throw 40 at the 60, you're almost outta debt in a year.


But that's kicking it, man. And it's all gonna debt. No lifestyle, no weekends. I don't wanna hear about happy hour, happy hours. I'm happy I'm working more. Okay. That's where you are right now. That's the business you gotta get in is making money and throwing it all at the debt and then reverse the stupidity. I've done dumber things than you've done Vinny, but, but you're right. I mean those, you got a couple things on the dumb list there. So you got some stupid tax being paid. You don't spend $30,000 to plow four driveways. Nope. Not on this planet. You give them work to one of your buddies and you pay him to do it. That's got a snow plow and do it 'cause your truck's in the shop. Yeah. And you just miss that revenue right now.


That kind of stuff. Instead of buying a $30,000 truck, no more panicking. And even if you do panic, dad is not gonna answer it. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I'm super excited to announce that two of the goats of sticking to a budget have finally teamed up. That's right. RAMSEY and Aldi are partnering together because well, groceries cost a lot of money. And besides that, most stores are designed to trap you in a maze. A sad, expensive maze. But Aldi is different. Aldi gives you simpler, better food choices that save you money and get you in and out. So you can focus on what really matters from affordable, high quality must haves to grass fed meat, organic produce. And yes, even name brands, Aldi has what you need at prices that won't steal your joy. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi. Find a store near you today at Aldi, us. That's a ldi us.


If you're a business owner or you know one, you know one thing about business, it's hard. You go to work for yourself, find out you work for a jerk. Yeah. When you work for yourself, that guy's a slave driver. He will drive you into the dirt, man. Just crack the old whip. You know? Hey, I know this. And this is why we've been, I mean, and I know this from running our business and from coaching now about 10,000 businesses through entree leadership. It's why we wrote the new book Build A Business You Love, where we unpack the proven step-by-step method to go through the five stages of business. It's hard, but it's easier if you know where you're going. And so today's the last day to get access to the ebook to weeks early pre-order before midnight. And you'll get early access to the ebook. If you order the book in advance, it comes out in two weeks. Then you're gonna get the ebook today. If you do it, you get the ebook early, you get early access to it, you get the entree Leadership Hiring playbook, and you get the enhanced audiobook. All of this is about $300, three $50 worth of bonus items. But you pre-order to get that, the book and date is actually April 15. So pre-order Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Matthew is in Austin, Texas. Hey Matthew. What's up? Hey, Mr. RAMSEY. Hey Jade, thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? Well, my fiance and I are getting married in October. Yay. Right now we're working the budget. Yes. It's exciting. So I've been using y'all's resources online, so I have a good picture of, you know, how to set the budget. But my question today is how do we approach and ask our parents how much, if any, they're willing to contribute to this wedding? Ah, how long have you been engaged? We got engaged in February. Okay. So they know it's, they know it's coming up. Has have they said to you, Hey, we have some money set aside.


Not specifically her parents. We kind of, you know, started the planning process and both her and our parents were kind of like, don't assume like you're on your own. Oh, okay. They, her parents offered to pay for her dress. Okay, great. And Seemed like they wanted help with the venue. Okay. My parents, they haven't told me specifically, you know, amounts or what specific expenses they would want to, So How, how old are you today? They the same thing. I'm 23 and she is gonna be 22 in about two weeks. Okay. So if I were in your shoes and I was in your shoes when I got married, I would have, I would go to my parents and say, here's the date you said that you were gonna help with the rehearsal dinner.


What does that look like? And what does that mean for you? Here's I'm, I'm trying to lay out the budget. Help me plug into it what you want me to plug Into it. And, and then she goes to her parents. That way if there's any feelings, like they don't have to deal with having some expectation from the in-law, if that makes sense. Yeah. It'd be fine if you went with her to her parents, but don't talk. Yeah, Exactly. And it'd be fine if she goes with you to your parents, but she shuts up. But it's not something where it's like, we're inviting both of our parents to dinner and we're figuring this out. 'cause I feel like there could be a level of pressure If you do that way. No, I would put 'em together. No. Yeah, definitely not. Yeah, definitely. That's a nightmare right there. Well, actually you could get 'em beat if they're competitive. No, I'm kidding.


I'm kidding. Into a bidding War. A bidding war. I love Her parents are No, No, no. I just, I I would just say mom and dad, I need clarification. Just 'cause I, I'm guessing the way you phrase these sentences that between you and your fiance, you would be the nerd, she would be the free spirit. Does that sound right? 100% In front of. So it's easy. It's easy. If you just say to your mom and dad, Hey, I, I, you know, how, how I'm detailed and you know, how, how I'm nerd nerd out about this stuff. It'll help me a lot to feel, to, to have peace about the planning. If I just know what to plug in here. You just tell us what you wanna plug in. Right. And I, and I need to know, I need to know.


And, and, and then she can say the same thing to her parents and say, you know, Matthew's a big planner and it just helps us to have peace and less stress, less anxiety if we know the amount. Yeah. And not only the amount, but you know how these things are, people need deposits and they need, they need the money well before the fact. So make sure that you also reiterate that because you need to understand if it's gonna be a situation where you're fronting the money and then they're giving it to you as a gift on the backend. Or if they have the money today. Yeah. Right. To put those deposits. So just make sure you get clarity on the timeline and make sure they know, Hey, if you said that you're paying for the venue, I'm just letting you know that they need a deposit in the next three weeks here. That way.


'cause sometimes they're not, they're not thinking of it in the same way that you're thinking of it. They're thinking of it October. Right. Right. And so just, just that clarification is gonna help everybody. Yeah. But I think it's in person. Yeah. Calm. You don't have an attitude or a voice tone of entitlement or expectation. It's simply a question of clarification. Yes, sir. That's all you're looking for. Honestly, we could, we, I I ran the numbers. We can cash flow this ourselves. I ah, that that's not the issue. The issue is we need clarification of what you're not cash flowing. Right. Because you've gotta put together a budget Unless, right, unless, let me throw this out there. If you have some indicator, and you didn't say it, but if you have some indicator that taking this gift comes with something and you don't want the something that comes with control.


Yeah. Then you do have the ability that I'll pay for the venue if you take the venue I want Or if you invite all my friends or if you, you know, that sort of thing. If you don't want that and you can cash flow, that's also fine. It's up to you and your wife to be Yeah, we, okay. We took the more, back in the day, the bride's parents paid for stuff. Paid for the wedding. Okay. So we took the more traditional approach with Rachel and Denise and sat down. We proactive the other way, sat down with their fiances Winston and Bill and said, okay, here's the amount at the top line. Now you guys have gotta figure out how to buy everything within that number.


And here's some budget items you need to look at. Okay. Reception's the most expensive thing. Dress is not, flowers can be if you lose your freaking mind. Yeah. They can. And so on. So you get, you're gonna discover this as you actually start putting the thing together. And so you do a line by line by line itemized budget for the wedding. A zero based budget. Just like if you were spending EveryDollar on paper before the month begins. It's project management. It's a project. It just has a lot of emotions and usually involved, or a couple of human projects. But, you know, And people's definition of wor let me just say, people's definitions of words are different. And it's worth always clarifying because I know with my wedding, my parents said, we'll pay for the venue.


In their mind, that was the backyard. They said, we'll pay for the food. And they thought that was barbecue. You know what I'm saying? Like, so we're gonna Stop by the barbecue trailer. It's like on father of the bride, Steve Martin envisions the chip chicken. Yeah. So you have to make sure, hey, this is what I have in mind. What do you have in mind? Definitions matter. Our girls grew up on father of the bride. So we had Fr Franc. Oh, oh yeah, Fran. Yes. That's so funny. Yeah. It was just, it was classic. And we're like, yeah. And you're writing the check, just like I'm not dealing with fr you're dealing with him. Here's one check, you're done. It's going in the wedding account. Got your names on it. It's a gift. I'm done. I'm not gonna tell you you have to do anything except don't come back to me for more.


That's it. That's, That's all. You Get's the number. And if you spend less than that, you got a down payment for a house. There you have It. Oh, I love that. So you can do that. None of 'em did. Yeah. They just, they just, it just had a, we just had a huge party and it was wonderful. Oh yeah. My parents, Hey, I love a big party. I do too. Especially if you can afford it. You know, so that's the thing. So a good rule of thumb too, guys, the average wedding in America today is a little over $30,000. Okay. That's an average, which means up to half of them or less and up to half of them or more. The average household income in America is about 70,000. So maximum wedding budget would be 50% of your household income if you are paying for it all.


And for that matter, moms and dads. If you're providing it for the bride of your, for your daughter, who's the bride, it would still be the maximum of half your annual income and you're paying cash. That's a good parameter. Okay. And so other than that, you know, is it too much? Like, I went to a guy's wedding that his kids' wedding, it was like, I mean, they dropped like a hundred grand on this thing. It was a, it was a partake. That's a partake. It was serious. It is. But you know, he makes about several tens of millions of dollars a year Yeah. To do that. So it really was a nothing expenditure for him, but it was way different than the typical thing. And I'm kind of walking around going, you just burned all this in one day. But for, for him it was like buying a biscuit. It's a biscuit. There You Go. It's not, it's a ratio thing.


So that, that's the trick. Look at the ratios. I mean, if you make $40,000 a year and you wanna spend $40,000 on a wedding, the answer's no. That's stupid. You're out of control. That's one money for one day you are gonna be in the backyard with the barbecue and just telling you so that, not that there's Anything wrong with that, No, nothing wrong with it at all. Just make sure we have clarification. Yes. That's all we want. That was a good point. Really good point. This is The Ramsey Show.


Let's be honest. Shopping for health insurance can be confusing with high costs, complicated terms and customer service that doesn't really serve you. Most folks just pick a plan and hope for the best. See, insurance companies don't work for you. They work for themselves. Meaning they love it when you overpay. So you need a guide on your team to help you make the best choices. Health trust, financial works for you. They're not salespeople. They help you find the health insurance option that makes sense and saves you money. The fact is, health insurance is one of the biggest expenses in your budget. But most people who work with Health Trust Financial end up saving $500 a month. Imagine putting that kind of money toward the baby steps. My team has worked with them for over 20 years and they've served thousands of people just like you. They're the only health insurance broker that's RAMSEY trusted to help you. So stop throwing money away and get the health insurance that's right for you@healthtrustfinancial.com. That's health trust financial.com.


Thanks for joining us America. If you wanna help us out, click the subscribe. The follow button helps a bunch with the algorithms and the stuff on the internet that lead you, your friends to watch this show that didn't even know it was here before, but you helped by subscribing, following, leaving that nice five star review. Mama said, if you ain't got nothing nice to say, don't say nothing at all. Yeah. So move on. Troll. But other than that, yeah. I mean the rest of you, if you're loving this, thank you. It's very helpful to us. Very helpful. We appreciate it. Rita is with us in Phoenix. Hi Rita, how are you? Hi Rita. Hi Rita. Hi Dave. I'm sorry I'm nervous.


That's okay. We're good. How can we help? Thank you. Well, I'm 63. My husband is 60. We've been married 36 years and most of our marriage has been full of debt. Right now we have about 44,000 in credit card debt. We have an $800 truck, truck payment, 200,000 between the two of us in student loans. And I just feel we have no retirement whatsoever except our home. You know, and, and so Help, help me with how you have 200,000 in student loans at 64 years old. Oh, we're late bloomers. Yeah.


Who's the doctor? So My, I know my husband felt the need to go and get two master's degrees. He's a teacher and I'm a teacher and So we, we got a late start probably in our mid fifties and I taught, you know, I'm teaching. Wonderful. So One of them was not in math. No, I know. No. Wow. So what are your incomes between the two of you with these degrees and these careers? So between the both of us, I added it up. Take home only is $5,635 a month. Okay. Wait A minute. You make 60,000, you make $30,000 a piece. And he has two master's degrees.


Well, yes, in teaching it helped him make more money. But our, our debt just seems to No, no, no, no, No, no. Wait a minute. Yeah, you don't make anything. Teachers that have two master's degrees should each be making 60. What the, what are you doing? Are y'all working in a preschool? No, he's teaching high school and I'm teaching middle school. So that was your take home. What's come, what is it before that? Are you taking a bunch outta your check? Oh, well, for the credit card debt, not, I don't even know how much it's taking out of that. It's doing it automatically. Oh, you're paying the truck payment and the credit card debt and you're putting money in retirement.


Yeah. And you got all this other crap. Yeah. Okay. And you're getting a tax refund too, probably. Right. Okay. Okay. So you might be making one 20. So what are you owe on the truck? Right? Oh goodness. About 34,000. Sell it, which is about what it's worth. Oh yeah. Sell that today. Sell it. That's the problem. I don't think my husband's willing to sell it then. I Don't think I can help you. Does he know that you have, does he, does he feel that you guys have a a financial problem? I've, I've kind of hidden it from him, so that's my fault. Oh, that's my fault. Yes. That's my fault. So if you, if you told him today, hey, we have 44,000 in credit card debt and 200,000 in student loans, that would be a light bulb moment for him.


He, he doesn't know that It would. And if I may let you guys Know, I haven't picked, he picked up the truck, he drives it. He didn't think that Santa Claus brought it and he picked up the two master's degrees. He didn't think Santa Claus brought those. Santa Santa very true. But Okay. He may not know the exact numbers, but he knows, knows dad. He, he, he has made a mess and he knows it. And I feel like I've allowed him to, because when his dad died, he gave him a hundred thousand dollars. But Listen, you're both, you're both complicit because you're married, right? You're both in on this. It's just the level, whatever the level of denial is or the level of, you know what I'm saying? So you're both in on it. You know, we can go back and forth on who, who did what and who knows what.


But you're both in on it. Okay? So I would Say, and both of you're required to fix it. Yes. And if he does not want to buckle down and clean up the mess that by and large he is responsible for. I agree. It was his choice to buy a truck. It was his choice to go to school and get degrees that have not monetized. These were his choices. And so now at 60 years old, he gets to be a man and, and own his choices and go, I, my family is in jeopardy. I've gotta sell my truck. Your family is in jeopardy. He has to sell his truck. By the way, this is not an option. This is why he won't sell his truck.


Because when his father died, he, he inherited a cabin in Colorado that's free and clear. It's worth about $500,000. Okay? And so he doesn't wanna sell the cabin because it's emotional. You know, his dad's memory is tied to it. What's I got to do with the truck? Yeah, that you're right. You're right. I mean, you linked it. I'm, I'm asking that as a real question. Is there a link or, oh, He feels that once we sell the cabin, someday that he'll be able to pay the truck off. Oh Gosh. Okay. You got a, you got a choice Friday. One of them goes up for sale, you decide. Okay.


It sounded like the cabin had way more sentimental value. When I look at this, I go, okay, the truck, you're not even upside down. You get rid of that today. Do you have any money saved anywhere liquid? We have, we have $30,000 in our checking account. But I don't, I don't wanna pay anything off with that. 'cause that's my security nest over the summer when he doesn't get paid. Okay. Oh, you're, but you guys make enough throughout the year. Yeah. Work in the summer, Don't get paid and I don't know where it goes. Okay. Work, work in the summer when you don't get paid, this is what other teachers do. Two Homeworks. Okay? First homework is you gotta have a budget if you don't know where your money, when you said that, I said, okay, they don't have a budget.


There's no plan for the money. So you're downloading EveryDollar tonight. Second homework is when you go to open up EveryDollar tonight, because you've already downloaded it, you sit with your husband and say, we have a crisis. And I don't know if you know it, but here's what it is. And you start laying out those numbers and say, I have a solution. And, and you, you, you've gotta open up the lines of communication tonight. There's a couple of things we can do. We can either sell your truck and buckle down and get on beans and rice and both take extra jobs. Or we can talk about selling the cabin. Now. We cannot stay on the trajectory making the stupid butt decisions we've been making for the last decade and have anything but Alpo for retirement. You've gotta say this out loud.


Yeah, you do. Okay. And I'm, I'm scared for you, honey. I want you to, I want you to go win, but, but I'm scared for you because every time we bring up something, there's a reason to not do it. You've got about five things you've been doing wrong. You gotta reverse all of those in dramatic fashion and then slam on the accelerator in the other direction. Okay? Okay. Number one, you're not disclosing and working together on every detail of your budget and your future. You're treating him like he's a little boy and his feelings are hurt when his daddy died. And so he can't make a grown man decision. Sorry. You get to be a man when you're 60. No way around it. You gotta deal with it.


Okay? Number one number. So you gotta be on the budget, you gotta be on the same page. Number two, you guys are gonna have to chop something with a freaking machete because you have a mess because you've been spending money like you're in Congress around there and you've got to stop it. You've gotta chop some stuff. And this car is one of 'em. But the car really points to the cabin. If I woke up in your shoes and I was him and I had to come to Jesus meeting and I decided I was gonna be a grown man, I, the decision I made to go get two master's degrees that I couldn't afford to do was the day I made the decision to sell the daddy's cabin. You didn't mean to sue it, but that's the day, that's exactly what happened.


You lost the cabin when you went and got two master's degrees that didn't monetize. That's what you did. You traded the two. 'cause it's a balance sheet thing. You got over here, you got a 500,000 asset over here, you got $200,000 debt. And the sooner you fix that, the sooner you can get in gear and start saving and actually retire and not eat Alpo. That's Right. And Rita, you need to run actual numbers because what's gonna make this compelling, not just to you but to your husband, is to say, Hey, here's what we have. You know, teachers, they set aside, you know, you have to pay into the pension. Here's what we have. If we continue to go at this rate, here's what our retirement will look like dollar-wise, here's what we'll be bringing in. And that's gonna shed some light when we compare that with what we owe on our mortgage and what we have to pay.


Like real numbers are gonna make this a very compelling argument for you guys to do what Dave said and go in the opposite direction. So 36 years you've been taking care of him and now it's time for him to step up and say, I'm gonna be a man and we're gonna make grownup decisions together because we have made a mess. By and large, he has made a mess. That's what it's, you're trying to take care of him. You're trying for him not to have any hurt feelings. Toughies, you signed up for this trip. He did. And he gets to take it. Yeah, I'm sorry. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by why refi our defaulted private student loans. Keeping you up at night will why refi can help you lower your payments and your interest rate get you outta default. Visit why refi.com/ RAMSEY and start resting easier. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Alright. Alright. Today's question comes from Nora in Wisconsin. She says, my mother purchased a Gerber life insurance policy for my son and daughter when they were babies. My mom has since passed away. So I called before my son's 18th birthday to inquire about cashing out. The representative said if we wait until he turns 21, it would be worth 30,000 fast forward. And my son is now 21. So I called again to inquire about my son cashing out so he could use the 30,000 for house down payment. This time a representative informed me that he had an upon death policy and he can only cash out for the money that's been paid in, which is 2,200, not 30,000.


Needless to say, I am in the process of closing the accounts for both of my kids. I will still give them the amounts their policies are worth. But what a let down tell people to avoid this trap at all costs. And we do, we do tell people to a avoid these traps. Gerber life insurance is probably one of the worst ones out there. It's Humorous. It's so bad. It's Really bad. And you bought life insurance. This his sweet mom who's passed, bought life insurance from a baby food company. Yeah. I mean think, just think about that. When you say it out loud, it tells you there's a problem, right? Absolutely. So yeah, what a rip.


And then they lied to him too, which absolutely they do. I mean, they just lie. All these people in this business, they, 'cause what the guy meant to say was, he forgot to say it correctly, was that the death benefit would go up at 21. That's because he becomes an adult. But the death benefit is not worth anywhere near what they paid for it. The poor lady, if she had put that money Oh she did. She put it in a fruit jar That's, yeah. She put it, put a cookie jar and it laid there for 21 years and you got your money back with absolutely no interest. And so what that means is that it should have been close to $20,000. If it was in a just a, maybe a, a decent mutual fund.


Not even a good one. Yeah. You would've had Oh my gosh. Yeah. That's painful. Yeah. And you know, here's the sad thing too. That sweet Nora, his mother that passed away, I think that was her name, right? Did he called her that? Yeah. The mom's name was Nora. Yeah. Yeah. Sweet. Nora thought she was doing something sweet for her grand babies, which every grandparent wants to do. And these freaking people at Gerber completely predatorily fed on her grandmotherly love and ripped her off. Well, when you're in, if I Remember well, I hope I wasn't unclear about how I feel about this. When you're in the delivery room of all the papers that they give to you, they give you the Gerber life insurance policy in, in the room when you're having the baby.


You know, we ought to just talk to some hospitals about how they're, that's malpractice. It It is. I remember saying that. I thought, man, it's great to wanna invest for your kids and invest for the future, but they give you the worst possible thing. If they, I would rather them give you a paper that says, Hey, from here on out, if you just put a hundred dollars a month when your kid is, you know, 30, you know they'll have almost $400,000. Like anything, I don't care. You could put it in a index fund and have that. Do you see what I'm saying? You Just, yeah. You fall off of No, Nora, who asked the question? I'm sorry. It was not the mother Nora, my mother. She said Yeah, that's right. That's right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry about that, Nora. Okay. I'm just not looked down at the email and saw it, but it's so aggravating. Yeah, It is.


So, but it's kinda like this guys, look, if you people call and ask us about like reverse mortgages, okay, where do you hear about reverse mortgages? Now think with me. Okay, the advertisement before the reverse mortgage is a walk-in bathtub. The advertisement after the reverse mortgage is a snuggie. This is where you're picking up your financial products. I mean, right there, this tell and, and and who's advertising it? Actors that are done. That's right. Actors that are way done. Yeah. Monte mean when you reach the end of your career that the agent calls and says you can do a reverse mortgage commercial. Yeah. And you go, yeah, baby, sign me up.


We know where your gone career is. Okay. It's gone down the tubes. It's in the, it's in the snuggy toilet. That's what I'm saying. But yeah, it's the same thing guys, just think about where you're learning about this. Here's another one. Okay, let's just think about this. Okay? How many cash advance places do you see in the rich end of town? They're not there, Dave. Okay. There's a clue, right? How many tidal pawn places do you see in the rich end of town? Okay. There's a clue, right? Think about this. Oh yeah. Did you know that something like 78% of the lotto tickets are sold in the poor zip codes in town?


Or, and, and have you listened to the lotto commercials? They're not appealing to the highest common denominator of humanity. Pretty much Darrel and his other brother Darrell are their target market. I mean, think about it guys. Yeah. These are people that can't afford to go to Vegas and lose money. Okay. So you, you take some clues from the proximity. That's good, Dave, of the marketing on this. And it will, it will help you too. I'm sorry you got ripped off. Nora and I thank you for giving us the opportunity to completely trash Gerber. Again, we do it pretty regularly. But whole life, life insurance, insurance that has a cash value insurance.


Insurance has a cash value buildup, has a savings program in it. 100% of the time is a bad product. There's not a good one. There's some that stink less than others, but that's true of humans. Okay. So it's just, it is just both of them stink. They're all bad. Do your investing not with an insurance company. And by the way, even If with investing, even If she had had the 30,000, that's still a crappy rate of return. No, that would be, you know, it's only what it 2,221. It's like a hundred bucks a year Until 21. A hundred bucks a year. That would've been, yeah. That, that would've come out probably about 30 k, but about 20 5K probably.


But anyway, it's not putting a lot in a hundred bucks a year, not a month. Yeah. So, but yeah, still Oh yeah. A year. It's not, it, it is $8 33 cents a month. Yeah. So you put that in the calculator. I was thinking a month. Yeah. But anyway, the, wow. Ouch. I'm sorry. Hate that. So what do you do if you have kids? Well, they might get juvenile diabetes and be uninsurable when they're older. Yeah, they might, you know what the percentages is on that? Almost zero. Yeah. So let's talk About, they might get childhood cancer too and be uninsurable, but you know what? The probabilities are on that almost zero. Okay. Percentage wise. And you, so you don't buy life insurance on someone whose income you aren't trying to replace.


And children do not have an income from a financial perspective. They're a liability, not an asset. They're not creating money, they're drinking it. And so, you know, all and eating it and whatever. Yeah. And all that. So, but that, I think that's, that's the misconception. That's, we're not mad at the kids, send them to the salt mines. No, that not wasn't what I said. No. What I said was, is they're wonderful, perfect little things that are to be taken care of and it costs money. They don't make money. So you don't insure something that doesn't make money. It's that simple. And Yeah. Yeah. I, I like the way to think of it is, if if somebody's dependent on your income, that's, that's When you get life insurance. Yeah. And you get insurance. Only do your investments somewhere else.


That's Right. A hundred that's right. Percent of the time. So we may as well go through it. So if you're working, if you're the working adult for me, 10 to 12 times my income on you. Right. On me. And then if you have a spouse that stays at home, what do you say? Like four times the amount or up to, Well, what I always just say is you, you know, let's say Sharon was a full-time mom. If she had passed away when I had little kids at home, I would've had to hire Mary Poppins. That's right. And that's a lot of money. Mary Poppins. I mean that they we're talking cook food, do homework, drive kids around. Yes. All that. In today's world, that's 50 grand. Yeah. That's a huge Monetary value you have. So you need five, 600 grand on a stay at home mom.


Yeah. Because that's the economic value that she brings to the table. That's right. In in that example. So, but if you're, if you're working and you make a hundred thousand bucks, you need 1,000,002. Yeah, Definitely. And our 1,000,002 invested at, you know, 10, 12% will replace the a hundred K without touching the million two. It'll create a hundred KA year in an in income for the remaining spouse. That's right.


And our friends at Xandr are the ones you want to go to to get that locked in and in place. Really today, don't wait on that. Insurance is not a baby step. Life insurance is not. Good Point. George brought that up recently. Yeah. Yeah. Very good.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Lemme tell you the gods, It's holy week in Jerusalem. Crowds welcome Jesus. As king rebellion is in the air, Jesus Operates outside our jurisdiction. Rome Will descend on us all. But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables. My House shall be called the house of prayer. But you make it a then of thieves, The world will never be the same. Now in theaters, the chosen Last Supper, get your tickets now


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality number one, bestselling author is my co-host today. The phone number here is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Thomas is in Honolulu. Hi Thomas. How are you? Hi. Hi, Mr. RAMSEY and Ms. Wasa. So I, I'm currently unemployed. I recent, recently got terminated from construction services company, north America.


Also have had some extensive experience in sales and customer service. Some operational stuff is why. Recently last year, actually I graduated the University of Hawaii at Meno with a bachelor of science and biology degree. 25 years old. Got roughly 13, around $13,000 in savings right now, I just paid off my rent for the upcoming month. I'm, I'm actually just not sure where to go from here. I've been applying to some sales positions and, and some operations positions, but haven't been getting as, as much interviews, whatnot.


Haven't been, why'd you get fired, Thomas? Yes. So my current, my previous position, they, they said it was due to negligence. Actually, I so locked up the store in my role at HILT was part of the account manager development program. Basically we would run the store, do send out, send out packages, receive packages, inventory, sales and whatnot. But the stores, the roll and then we've always had issues with the door to go in and out. Some people, they've gotten locked out. We had a call, locksmith whatnot.


But one evening after I locked up, an hour after it, after I left the dock door popped open and then I, I got told it was, it was negligence. I, I didn't secure the entrance, but I do think that they were kind of hoping to kind of cut me. 'cause the previous two employees in my position, they got terminated and the last one before that, he, he just quit without any two weeks notice. I think they're trying to maybe get like a fresh start there or something. Hmm. Okay. So you've been applying for sales positions.


Is it that you're not, are you even getting in the room for an interview or you're not even receiving interview callbacks? So I, I, I've had some sparse, I've had two interviews so far. Account executive role and then a project management role. But it, it seems for me, I, I realize with my age and then how Old are You, whatnot? I, I 25. I'm 25 years old. What? So I, I, I feel like over here anyways, a lot of the, the applicants, they seem to be a little older. So I, I, I kind of put a lot of pressure on it and I feel like I'm not performing as, as well as I can.


It's possible and maybe should be in the, It's possible. I, yeah, I, I'll tell you right now, I think you, you might do well with some coaching or you might do well with a little bit of help in that area. Are you limited to Honolulu or are you looking elsewhere as well? So I am, yes. So I am open to moving to the mainland, but right now with, with my current living situation, it's just me and my younger brother actually. Have you Got some kind of a, a limitation or a, a slight disability or anything you're facing? No. No. Okay. All Right. Good.


Okay. You, you just sound really, really nervous on the air, which can, that I would be nervous too if I wasn't used to being on the radio, so, or on the podcast. So I understand that, but I'm just trying to check and see what's going on because your voice cadence, it, it sounds like you're, you're scared to death and maybe that's all it is. Okay. That's fair. I'm, I'm picking on you. I'm just trying to find out what you're dealing with, why you're not landing these positions. Okay. I would, if I'm in your shoes, I wanna step back two or three steps from this and say, okay, where do I wanna be when I'm 30? Where do I wanna be when I'm 40? What do I wanna be doing and what are the steps to get there and why do I wanna be doing that?


And it's not necessarily go back to school, but it sounds like a lot of your jobs, you just fell backward into 'em. Just whatever landed at your feet, you took it 'cause you were hungry and you wanted to eat. By the way, that's not a bad thing. As a temporary measure, take a job and so you can eat, that's an okay thing. But I, I doubt When you were getting a four year degree in biology, your dream was to manage the warehouse and try to lock the door. That's broken. No, no. That was not like, like you weren't sitting around dreaming of doing that when you're 25 years old. So you fell backward into that job, is what I'm saying. It just, it just came at your feet and you took it. Yeah. Some of the sales things you took, it's the first thing that came up.


You may or may not like sales. You may or may not be good at sales, I don't know. But it feels like that just whatever rolls in front of you, you pick it up and go with it. And again, to eat, you do a lot of things on the short term. But I want you to start doing some thought about where I wanna be five years from now and 15 years from now. And I'm gonna send you Ken Coleman's book. You find the work you're wired to do, it has the get clear assessment built into it. It's my gift to you. And then I'm also gonna send you his book, the Proximity Principle, the get clear assessment takes about 20 minutes to take. And it will point out to you what some of your strengths are, your passions are, and it'll help you point in a direction that is a good long term career path, not just a job.


'cause you gotta get out of the business long term of a job, short term, take a job, take three jobs. I don't care. Short term is anything, go make some money. Right? But long term, I, I don't wanna be stuck in something where their biggest crisis of the week is a door that won't lock. Oh my god, really? Let's move on. Thank God you got fired. And so you get to go do something with your life that matters now. Yeah. And yeah. So I, I'm gonna lean into that and I may take some jobs while I'm working towards my career, but get in an apprentice program. It could be something in the trades, you could go that way. Yeah, that's true. Could be something in technology.


It could go that way. It could be you wake up that biology itch and scratch it. That was there. I don't know. But I'll send you those two books as my gift, Thomas. And, and so while you're looking for a job, I also want you working on your career Y Yes. And do your best to prep for these interviews as best as you can. You know, role play these interviews, go over these interview questions and get good at really being prepared to for them so that you can answer them like in a concise way and really get across what it is that you wanna Say. If the, if the place is open to the public, go walk it. That's right. And feel the air. That's right. And and get on their website and read everything about them. Yes, yes. Read the history of the founder.


Yes. Of the organization. If you're gonna go to work for Amazon, know about Bezos, know how he started in his garage. Know all that. That's right. If you're gonna go work for Dell know he started in his garage. Right. And so, you know, and, and so what does Michael Dell do? How's he think? Because that does run down through that organization even to this day. That's So true. Yeah. Preparation. Remember this Preparation is a gift you give yourself. That's some of the best advice I've ever gotten. And in an interview situation, it's Very cute. Well, and what'll happen is you'll chill out and then your vocal chords will, will sound confident, not freaked out. That's right. And that'll help you with that whole process. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, What's up guys? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows student loan debt is a problem. It's me. My husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out. And you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for auto pay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from student loan debt. If you want 'em gone, you can't mess around. Go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry and slow motion than file your taxes, but thankfully you don't have to dread filing. When you've got Ramsey Smart Tax, it comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus, with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host Drew's in Fort Worth, Texas. Hey Drew, how are you? Any better? I'd be you, Dave. That's cute. How can I help? Oh, well I was calling in to let you know I'm a millionaire. Thank you. Woo hoo. Baby steps millionaire. What's your net worth? So right now we're sitting just at $2 million. Nice. What's interesting about it is we hit our first million just before we turned 40, and then seven years later we just turned 47. And like you say, it doubles every seven years. We just hit $2 million. Wow. I love it. Gimme a little breakdown on the mix.


How much of that's real estate, retirement and so on. Yeah. So we recently hit a million dollars in our retirement thanks to the guidance of your smart ster pros. So a big shout out to Chris and Tyler out there. Good. It was awesome. And we saw that seven figures on there, I'll tell you. That was so that's sweet. Inspiring and exciting. That's sweet. We also, we also have about seven 50 in our home equity, another 150 K in our college savings and then remaining hundreds in like cash and cars and things like that. Got it. Well, well done sir. Well done. How much of this did you inherit? Well, interesting enough, so my grandmother passed away about seven years ago and she gave the grandkids just a thousand dollars with a message of saying, Hey, live life, you know, have great experiences and today would've been her a hundred and sixth birthday.


So, okay, wow. This is an experience that I'll never forget. Wow, how fun is that? That's very cool. Good for her. That's great, man. That's amazing. So, so she was like 99? Yep. Nine. Nine. And a half. Wow. She passed away. She was the matriarch of our family. And my daughter is named after her. She's the fifth Adelaide named after her grandmother. That's Sweet. Adelaide the fifth. That's Sweet. That's right. So what was your income during this time? So highest To lowest or lowest to highest? Yeah. So our adult income, you know, range from 40 5K to 220 is about what we make right now. But I'd say probably since we started the baby step process, you know, 15 years ago, it's probably averaged about one 60.


Okay. To one 70. What Do y'all do? I am in medical device sales, leadership, and my wife is the COO of this household. Love that. Love that. I love it. Very cool. And so you got a four year degree? Yes. In what? I graduated in three and a half years from Miami University in just business marketing. Okay. Very good. All Right. Good marketing degree. Of course. You're in sales now. That's good. What was your GPA? So I'm sure you can relate to this. I graduated with a 3.07. I was dying to get that 3.1 look at you, but unfortunately fell a little short.


Well, you were over three, so that's the one that killed me. Good for you, man. Excellent, excellent. What do you drive? So in Texas you're required to have either a pickup or a Jeep. So I went with a 2018 Jeep Wrangler Sport. Love it. I love that you went with the Jeep. That would've been my choice too. I like it. What about your wife? Well, we just upgraded her car. She had been driving our last, the last thing we ever took dead out was in 2009 when we bought her a traverse. But now living here in Texas, she wanted a convertible. So we upgraded to a two 19 Buick Cascade. A convertible. Nice. Oh, that's fun. That's nice. Yeah. That's very cool. That's my $2 million net worth car.


Yeah. Living the dream. I like it. Put the top down. I like it. Good job y'all. Well, well Done. So what, I have a question. What role did budgeting play in this? Oh, it's, it's, it played everything. I mean, I tell all the people, 'cause we do financial peace and lead that we're going through, we're leading a class right now and I tell everyone, when you start, it's amazing. You immediately get a raise. The advice I give people all the time is dream big, but act small. Ooh, I like that. So like, yeah, my wife and I, we always have these conversations about, you know, what we want our future to look like. And it's just exciting to kind of see like, what goals are we gonna have? What do we want to do?


It keeps us motivated, but dreams, you know, without actions. Just a wish. That's right. So, you know, if we, if we want to do these small things, your future's determined based on these small little decisions every single day. And the budget, you know, keeps us on pace with, with what those small decisions are. So we could reach those goals. You're right. Yeah. The budget's, the map to get you to all your money goals. That's so important. Very cool. That's a good, that's good advice that I was gonna ask you. What you tell the youngsters and that's younger than you. You're a youngster, but younger than you. You're a young millionaire. Young two millionaire. For sure. Very well done dude. Well done. Proud of you. Thanks. How's it feel, Bob?


It's, it's so freeing. I mean, the, the journey we're $2 million, but to be, you know, completely honest and stuff, it, it, it isn't such a, it's not always a smooth ride, right? No. The last year, I mean, I've gone through a couple different layoffs in medical device. Sometimes you have that with startup companies or different things. There's been some layoffs and through the entire time, like we weren't stressed. We knew we had the emergency fund, we knew we had our budgeting, we knew we had all this stuff in there. And we are just constantly at peace, you know, with where we're at today and where we're gonna be tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. That's great. Well done sir. Very proud of you. Thanks for calling in and sharing your dream with us.


'cause you're living it. You are living the dream. I like it. I like it. So what'd he say? Dream big, act small. Small. Yep. And I would say if you're gonna dream big, you better work big. Gotta work big. Because if you don't work big, it is not coming. Yeah. The work goes with a Dr because otherwise you get called a dreamer, which is a negative thing. Right. And you don't want your daughter dating a dreamer. They'll live in your basement. Yeah. So, no, we want people that, that get stuff done that leave the cave, kill something and drag it home. That's right. Obviously Drew is one of those, you know, Jade, I think I'm just visualizing out of the 30 or 40 million people that are gonna consume this particular moment on this show, that there's a couple things.


Drew's family understood that the typical person walking around doesn't understand. Number one, 89% of America's millionaires are first generation rich. They did not become millionaires because of an inheritance. That is good news for all of us who didn't have a rich uncle or rich parents. All we've gotta do is leave the cave, kill something and drag it home. And you remember a couple of principles. Principle number one is the power of compound interest will make you wealthy. And that's what happened to Drew. It's also making him double wealthy fast. So what that means is a hundred dollars a month invested from age 25 to age 65 is 1 million, 176,000.


So you're a millionaire. That doesn't count buying a house that would even take you up higher. You'd do even better. That's right. And that doesn't count the fact that you're probably gonna put a lot more than a hundred dollars in, in your 401k, your Roth IRAs and stuff as you go along with matching. But a hundred dollars a month gets you there. Yeah. That's, you know, principle number one. You know, piece of knowledge number one was that 89% of America's millionaires are not millionaires because of inherited wealth. We get that from the largest study of millionaires ever done in North America. Airtight research that RAMSEY research did. It's in the book, them baby steps millionaires my latest number one bestseller.


And that book has the white paper of all the research in the back for those of you that are interested. But, so Drew is a baby steps millionaire. And that's the third piece of information as he followed the baby steps. That's right. And baby step one. Yeah, baby step one. You are saving a thousand dollars, a thousand dollars saved after that baby. Step two, you're paying off all of your consumer debt. That's everything except your mortgage baby. Step three, you're walking in and you're saving up three to six months of expenses after you've done that. Now we're at baby step four, where you're investing 15% of your income, baby. Step five, we're putting away for kids. College baby. Step six, we're moving on to pay off the house. Finally, baby. Step seven, living and giving like no one else. Yeah. And there you have it.


And typically to get all the way through, six meaning houses paid off takes people between seven and 10 years. That's right. From today. Ready, set, go. They typically are out of debt, consumer debt and everything. If they lean in using the debt snowball and beans and rice, rice and beans. Quit spending money that they don't have. Sell stuff, sell so much stuff. The kids think they're next, they're out of debt in 24 to 30 months, two, two and a half years. And then about seven years later, the house is paid off or at the seven year mark rather, the house is paid off. And that's right where Drew is. That's that's, you know, he's got there at 40 and now it's gonna double about every seven years for him. Yeah. And it's, it's not a magic act. You know, a lot of people think this just magically happens, but it's not magic.


It's very intentional. It's very intense. And if you do that, you can make it happen. Absolutely. That's the moral of Drew's story right there. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


I talk to people every day who wanna know how to do better in two areas, money and relationships. That's why I am pumped to bring the money and relationships tour to a city near you. Join me and Dr. John Delony for a night that will challenge the way you think about this stuff and possibly change how you live forever. Starting April 21st will be in Louisville, then on to Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour before they're gone.


We do our show on the glass Monday through Friday, meaning there's a window and you get to watch the monkeys in their cage here. That would be me. And he used to have a little sign up that said, don't feed the monkeys. And George Kamel took, he took exception to that sign, So we had to take it down. 'cause he was afraid that he was being called a monkey, but that's not cool. So anyway, I, I'm, I'm the, I'm the self-proclaimed monkey here, so just, I'll take credit for that. Anyway, we're on the glass and you can stop by and hang out. Watch the show happen from one to four central time. Monday through Friday. Two of us will be in here all the time. And we're, we're in here to help you.


And also just outside the glass in the lobby with all the folks, there's usually 50 to 200 folks sitting around watching the show. There's free homemade cookies, there's free coffee, and there's a debt-free stage. And standing on the debt-free stage is Josh and Rebecca to do a debt-free scream. Hey guys, how are you? Good. Good. How are you? How Are you doing, Dave? Welcome. Welcome. Where do y'all live? Zein, North Carolina. A little small town just east of Raleigh. Okay, fun. Welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you? Two paid off? $203,400. Oh, Love it. How long did that take? 63 months, right at 5.3 years. I like it. Good for you. And your range of income during that five years?


About 1 0 5 to 1 65. Cool. What do y'all do for a living? I work in retail merchandising And I'm a systems analyst at a transportation company. Great. Very cool. So five years, 200, 3000. Was that your house? Yes. It, it wasn't house, thankfully. You Paid up your house. Yes. Only You look at weird people I know. A hundred percent debt free. How old are you? Two weirdos. I'm 30. Wow. I'm 29. She robbed the barrel. Wow. With a paid four house in Raleigh, North Carolina. Especially weird. What's the, what's the house worth? Right at 360. Wow. How fun. And how much have you guys already got in your ntic?


Roughly two 50. All Right, so you're halfway to little over halfway to being a millionaire. And you're third not even 30 years old and barely 30 years old. Yes. Excellent. Excellent guys. Way to go. Thank you. Wow. Wow, wow, wow, wow. So you start this and you're not even 25 years old. How long have y'all been married? Five and a half years. Okay. So boom. Right off the right outta the gate. Here we go. Yes. Game on. So tell us the story. How in the world do you get this smart, this young? I'm very thankful to say very little of it has to do with us. So we both were raised with parents and even grandparents that modeled biblical principles for how to handle money from a very early age. So they, they modeled giving, they modeled investing, they modeled living on less than you make, living on a budget and just generally managing God's resources.


Well, and I'll give you a short story that illustrates what I mean. So I, I grew up with a dad that I've always called the boring version of Dave RAMSEY. He has a little more hair, but you're a lot more fun to listen to. And I remember one story in particular, he went to a yard sale and haggled with this poor, older, older elderly lady for a nutcracker than she had the Nutcracker marked at 50 cents. And he walked up and the Nutcracker had a chipped tooth. So he got that thing for a quarter. Well, there you go. That's how you do it. I love it. That's fun. And Then if I can say so, and then college, this is where the RAMSEY organization comes in.


So I at college found your, your videos, I'd never heard of you before college and FPU made such a big impact on me, even though I hadn't actually taken the course. As soon as I graduated, our church started offering it. And I think I took it three times because I liked it so much. And then Rebecca attended the, the last one and we also led a couple of small groups. And so FPU was a big part of that. Wow. So our, our story is a success story. Not so much because we're fantastic or amazing, but because the people around us are fantastic and amazing. And you, Dave, and the entire organization are certainly a big part of that. And we cannot say thank you enough. Well, thank you. You, you, you had the option of doing stupid and you chose wise, you did that.


So I'm, I'm still gonna blame you for your success. Well done hero. Good job. Because not everybody gets a good pattern and follows it And No, that's right. You, you that, like Dave said, you have a choice and you guys chose Right. And I love that you were both immediately on board. So you never really had the consumer debt. You just both got in, locked in and said, we're gonna do this. Did it feel like a sacrifice or was it just kind of, hey, this is just part of our budget. We don't really feel it. Tell us how it felt paying off the debt of the house. I know for me, I know paying off the house was a big thing for Josh. Like, let's try to pay it off early. For me, I came into it. I, I like to say I got married and got into debt for the first time ever.


'cause he had bought the house just a couple months before we got married. But it was able to see just the weight and the stress that was taken off of Josh once the house was paid off. And now we just have a lot more freedom as a result of that. What's the first big thing you're gonna do to celebrate Buy a car? Oh, good. Rebecca. Totaled. Well, actually a Deere totaled our Oh, only half decent car last Thursday. Oh wow. So, So we lost our only decent car. And so I looked up the Kelly Blue Book value of our two remaining vehicles and old truck, my grandfather's truck and the first car she ever bought. And it's like four, that $4,900 between two vehicles. Yeah, you need to upgrade.


We need something a little bit More reliable. Both of you do. Yeah. Instead of deer fodder. Yes. Yeah. I like it. So what are you gonna get? I have no idea. I am not a car person, so I'm leaving that up to him. I just want a better car. Okay. You just want something that's a little nicer. Yes. Not, not, doesn't take much to upgrade that. So No, it doesn't really. You're gonna get a little insurance check and you're gonna put a little money with it and try to try to get a little better place a little better Thing. Yes. We're going to get anything that allows us to have enough confidence such that we're not preying on the way to Ramsey Solutions. I hear that. Oh my gosh. Way to go, you guys. I'm very proud of you. How's it feel to not have a payment in the world? Wonderful. Feels great. Wonderful. Feels amazing. Yep.


What do you tell, what do you tell people? The key to getting out of debt is you paid off your house by the time you're 30. I, so I've been very blessed to get to know a 99-year-old World War II combat veteran over the past few years. He was my grandfather's best friend and he told me once, once you become emotionally invested in something, it becomes virtually impossible to change your mind. And so I think the key to getting out getting outta debt is simply becoming emotionally invested in it. Allowing the stuff to drop from your head to your heart. You know, rain, rain that falls on grass doesn't actually do anything. It's the water that soaks down to the roots that causes life change.


Yeah. Wow. Very good. That's very true. Very, very true. And well put. Exactly. Yeah. It's, you become what you think about, you know, Bible says, as a man thinketh within his heart, so is he. So that, that's the deal. That that's and it's the power focus, the power of intentionality, all of that. I is a biblical principle. You're exactly right. So very well done sir. Proud of you guys and lady y You guys are awesome. This is great. We'll pray you get home. Thank You. So you can get a new vehicle So you can both get a new car. Yeah. Yeah. Because now without any house payment or anything else, now you've got the ability to save and pay cash for that. And you probably don't realize what the next three years is gonna look like.


How, how much freedom you've really set yourself up to be because you've only really known one way while you were married, but now you've got a whole new version of you two to learn about and it's gonna be pretty incredible. So way to go. You guys are heroes. Exciting. Yeah. Exciting man. You're amazing. So, you know, every time someone tells us that there's a a Gen Z problem or a millennial problem, I tell 'em no, there's not. I point, I I got excellent versions of both on this stage every week coming in here and showing us how it can be done. And so you guys give us hope for the future. Us old people. So good job guys. Well done. Josh and Rebecca Raleigh, North Carolina, 200, 3000 paid off in 63 months, making 1 0 5 to 1 65 house and everything at 30 years old.


Count it down. Let's hear a debt free Scream. 3, 2, 2, 1, 1 debt free. Love it. Love it, love it. Wow. Well done. 29 you guys. Nine years old, man. That's beautiful right there. They'll be able to do anything. I mean, you take a couple hundred thousand dollars a year of income, which is what they're approaching and no payments of any kind. They're not even, they're 30 years old. It could be so much money. So much money.


Unbelievable. Wow, That's inspiring. I'm inspired. Very cool. This is The Ramsey


Show. You spend hours researching before making a major purchase like a home or car. But it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage to protect your biggest assets. I recommend using RAMSEY Trusted Pros, whether you're looking for car home or any other type of insurance. RAMSEY trusted providers have been coached and vetted to serve you like we would find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance


Conference. Jade washau RAMSEY Personality's my co-host Mike is in Idaho. Hey Mike, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Oh, how's it going guys? Better than we deserve. What's up? All Right, so I think I accidentally started business and I need a little help here. Explain. All Right. So I'm a high school photography teacher and I, I teach yearbook and journalism and all that kind of stuff. I started taking senior photos and sports team photos and designing banners and essentially I started doing it simply to essentially pay for my classes in Idaho.


We really don't have a lot of money for things and I wanted my students to actually, you know, have cameras to take a photography class, which I think is super helpful. Anyway, so Yeah, you think So? Yeah, right. So anyway, I, I've taken all that money and I just donated to my classroom. I hire some of my students in order to get them experience my problem, I suppose is a good problem here. But word's really gotten out that I'm doing pretty well with this stuff. I'm starting to get booked up with a lot of different senior photo sessions. Great. A lot of different teams are contacting me with to get, get their photos.


And right now I'm looking at like 400 to $800 a month I'm bringing in for my program that I'm donating because I'm making actually a lot more money than I originally thought I was going to. I wanna make sure I'm protecting myself and I, I, you know, I, I'm very ignorant when it comes to business. I still wanna donate a lot of this money, but down the road I would really like to maybe start compensating myself with all the hours that I put into this. Yeah. Do I need to file for an LLC or I guess what are my Next Steps here? No, you don't need an LLC, you just need to make a decision. Yeah. How much of you have to decide at What you, you used to give 100% of your proceeds to the cam to the classroom and now you're not going to Correct.


Again, I'm not sure yet. I'm not sure which route I wanna take, but I suppose that would be my next step to decide what would, if I wanted to start compensating myself, what would be my Next Steps? Just making that decision. Is anybody else, I mean this is for your class, in your classroom, is anybody else dependent on this money that they're going, oh man, we were expecting that money from Mike that needs to be involved? No. Yeah, and at that point it's, no, it's just me at that point. It's you figuring out, okay, what percentage of, is it 50%? Is it 80% that I want to give away versus keep and what's your intent with the money? Is it that you're getting out of debt? Is this just to help build up savings, like, and kind of have a clear picture for all of that and then you just push play?


Yeah, Exactly. Okay. Sounds good. Yeah, the first thing and, and then I would open a separate checking account for your business. Okay. You can open it in your social security number. It doesn't require a tax ID and it doesn't require to require an LLC. Okay. The only reason you would need an LLC is if you get big enough the business is big enough, or your personal wealth is big enough that you have a target on your butt and somebody wants to sue you. Right Now, your broke photography teacher, nobody wants to sue you. Correct. You're not gonna get any money from me anyway. Exactly. So I mean, what are you going do? Drop a camera on their toe? I mean, I mean there, you know, there's not a lot of potential liability here. Okay. So the, I'm I'm not worried about it if I'm you, so you would open it under what's called a sole proprietorship.


And so you're checking, checking account would be Mike, so and so DBA doing business as Mike's photography or whatever you call it. Okay. Okay. And then all the money that you make doing that goes into that account. All expenses come out of that account and all contributions come out of that account And keep some money aside for taxes because you're gonna, you know, you're Gonna have taxes on the net profit. And the other thing with taxes is, is there a, some kind of a nonprofit associated with your school that you can donate this money to that ends up in your classroom?


Yeah, So we, we all have our own accounts for each one of our programs here. So goes Into our, is that a tax deductible account? Could I make a contribution to it and get a tax deduction? Yes sir. Okay, Great. Then, then you're making a contribution to that account. You take a tax deduction for your contributions, you take a tax deduction for your expenses. What's left is taxable profit. Okay. And you would set aside a fourth of that and you file quarterly estimates on your income taxes for your taxable profit. But that just depends on how much of it you're not going to donate. As long as you're donating everything net of expenses, you have zero taxes.


Okay. But once you decide Yeah. And right now and right now, every single dime's going to it. So I am I okay right now At least you're fine. You with Every single time. Fine. You're fine. You're fine. Okay. But I mean, if you're doing 800 bucks a month, that's $10,000 a year. Correct. That's pretty, pretty generous to a single classroom. Well, again, we, we don't have a whole lot here and I'm Not trying to do with stuff. It's a lot money. How many times you gotta buy all this stuff one time. Correct. Well, cameras break down and all that kind of stuff and new equipment comes out and they keep filling my classrooms full of more and more kids and I need more resources. I guess it's, it's Well you, you also know in the technology world or the camera world that that isn't endless.


Yeah. That's a bottomless pit. Correct. Yes. Yeah. Right. I mean, You'll Have to draw a line. I've got several million dollars in various kinds of cameras inside this building and I'm constantly having to look at people and go, no, I think we've got enough. 'cause the people that are on the backside of those cameras love buying more. That's true. You'll have to draw a line there. Yeah. So yeah, it, it, you know, ga you get your gadget people and gadget people just always want more gadgets. That's, that's life. And so yeah, you wanna do that. Very generous of your mind. Very, Very. It's pretty cool. What that that's like a, the cool teacher. He is the cool teacher. I'll give the cool teacher a piece of advice though. 'cause we didn't talk about it, but if Mike, if you have debt, you do need to take some of this to put towards getting outta debt.


Just saying Absolutely. You know? Absolutely. Split the difference. Something I I, I'd probably go as much as half or more. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But this guy's just very generous. He's, and he loves what he does. He loves taking, he loves pho photography, he loves kids. And that clearly shows because people keep coming to him. That is a huge ingredient when you're building your business, I think is clearly having a passion for it. Having a love for it, because people can sense that. Yep. And you're better at it because of it. Yeah. That's exactly how it works. So, very well done, Mike. You're the cool teacher, man. We've, we dubbed you that for the week. Good stuff. Open phones here at Triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. Anthony is in Cleveland. Hi Anthony.


What's up? Hi, how you doing Dave? Great. How can we help? So I'm 20 on, I rent right now, but I'm looking to buy a home. I only made 30,000 though. What's your advice on being so young and not making a lot of money? Trying to buy a house? I wouldn't buy a house. You're 20 and you don't make a lot of money. I I would go make some money. You it's okay to rent. Yeah, rent as cheap as you can rent. And let's work on the career side of the equation. Let's get the income way up. Start stacking cash. Yeah.


I feel like I'm bad at budgeting my money and like when it comes to like rent and all my bills and actually budgeting, I don't know where my money's going. Well, do you have debt? I learned about you in the high school school. Yes. I got 17,000 in a no. 16,000 in a car. Well, that's where a lot of it's going. 1600. Wait A minute, wait a minute. You owe $16,000 on a car. Yes. And you make 30,009 Credit cards. Yeah. That means when you took our class in high school, you flunked it. Yeah. That, that's where the money's going. Sell The car.


Yeah. You got to, and dec you gotta decide today that you're not borrowing money because I can tell you, as long as you're taking out debt, it's gonna, buying a house is gonna become further and further and further and further away from you as a goal. So if you want to lasso that and pull it closer, you need to stop borrowing money. Especially, especially things like credit cards and car payments. Yeah. That, that's the deal. So yeah. You, you listen folks, when, when you own more than half your annual income on a car, the car owns you. You don't own the car, you can't breathe. All you think about is making car payments. That's all you can think about. The thing's got you handcuffed and it's dragging you around the parking lot. It is no fun at all.


The thing's eating you alive, dude. So yeah. Wade don't even talk about buying a house. Yeah. And let, let's get our income up, get the car gone, get the car debt gone, get all debt gone and lean into that budgeting stuff. Yeah. So you'll be okay. Keep it, keep at it dude. Keep at it. This is The Ramsey Show.