
It's a bonus session. Live From, the headquarters of at Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Jade Warshaw, and we'll be answering your questions about life and money relationships career. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. So we're gonna start off in Spokane, Washington, and we're talking to Jules.


Hi Jules. Welcome to The Show. Hi, How are you doing? I'm okay. I'm just a little bit stressed. All Right. How How can We help? So I'm a single mom on government assistance and I'm just feeling really stuck in like the system. Okay. Tell us more about what, what you're receiving and what's causing you to feel stuck. So I have like, so I have food stamps and then I have like Medicaid or whatever for, for me and my, my kiddo. But I'm just feeling stuck because I had gotten a job over like the summer working at like a daycare and I couldn't accept the position because I, oh, sorry.


I'm nervous. No, You're okay. You're fine. I, I like, I had to run it past my complex 'cause I live in low income apartments and they they upped your rent like a percentage of your what you're making. Yeah. And I had told them like that in that when I moved in my apartments around April that I was getting child support at the time and I was, which was like, I don't know, $600, but then they can't, sorry, this is confusing. They can't adjust that until another year. Okay. So they can't fix that. I'm not getting child support anymore until, so the $600 stopped and now your rent is higher.


Yeah. Okay. So tell us. So I had to give up my job so that I could keep my benefits and well, let's, I had gotten my son into daycare, but the daycare funds for low income are now not, they don't have any funds. What is your Income? So I'm like, okay, What is your income? I don't have any, I, I'd say like my mom helps pay for my car and my phone. Okay. And then I'm, I get maybe $200 child support maybe. Okay. If that And what are you making? Oh, nothing. Why not? You don't have a job. I don't make anything. So, because what you're saying is when you went to actually start working, then you basically priced yourself out of the situation you're in from your apartment to everything else.


Is that right? Right, right. So like, I was losing How quickly will the, Than I was making, How quickly will your rent, because you said it will take them a year to realize that you're not getting the extra $600 a month. Will they, will that same be on the other end? That if you start working and making money, will they raise your rent? Yes. Okay. But why would they raise it but not lower it? Depending on your situation? I, I don't know. Honestly, I'm really confused about it because Okay. Yeah, I would get some, I would get some information because here's, 'cause here's the thing, I, I could, I could understand like the rock and the hard place that you're in of like, okay, once I start this track of actually making some money, then the life as you know, it will change.


But I wanna encourage you, the life as you know, it will change to something better. Something that you have way more say over your life. you have way more choices, right. And options and freedom and opportunity to do some amazing things. And, and so I know that that jump is gonna be scary and I wanna help you real quick. We just have a few minutes to try to set you up Well for when that jump is gonna occur. Not, not if, because I do, I want you, I want you to be working and I want you to be able to support. Is it, do you have one child? Yeah. Okay. How old as a toddler? He is, he is almost two. Okay. And your mom's helping you out a little bit with childcare it sounds like?


Well, she doesn't help me with childcare, just just with finances. Oh, Okay. Just with your phone and, and your car. So with your card, do you have a car payment that she's paying or is she helping you just with gas? No, and everything else just With, just with gas and like insurance. Okay. Okay. So I think, I think the way we work this backwards, and we're gonna give you all the materials that you need to get started, but the way to work this backwards is what's, what's that threshold of you losing your benefits? So figuring out that, what that is and then figuring out, okay, if I do that, how much more do I need to support myself? Have you kind of done that math and said, here's what I need every single month in order to survive?


Absolutely. Yeah. No, I have done the math and when I, when I had qualified for that job, I actually sat down and went through all the finances. Okay. And like, I'm in counseling, I go to like doctor's appointments and things like that. and I kind of did the math and I was like, okay, C can't, I'd be losing more than I was making. And then the insurance for the new job wasn't kicking in until 90 days. That's, yeah. And so I was like, oh shoot. So Okay, but what do you need? What is that, what's the number that you say if I get, you know, $3,500 a month or $4,000 a month, I will be able to pay my rent, my car note, my kid goes to daycare and I, you know, we have groceries that you're covered. What is that number? So I haven't, so I didn't take the job, so I kind of lost track of the, the finances.


But let me, let me ballpark it. I wanna say like, Well that's your homework, Ju maybe like, honestly, like how much I, maybe a thousand because I'm thinking like, I have my phone. If I were to pay all my bills myself, like What about housing? Because will you price yourself out of the current situation you're in? Yeah. So I'm in those low income. So probably We're talking about a situation, Jules, to be clear, we're talking about a situation where you don't have government assistance, where you are paying your rent. Okay. So Like, not you paying low income apartments either. That's right. I'm talking about a situation where you pay for everything and you're no longer Maybe 2000 Maybe.


Okay. So you need $2,000 a month. So what I wanna encourage you is that's out there. It's out there today and it's gonna, it's gonna require you making, working more than 40 hours a week possibly. But I mean, you can go over, there's a lot of places like Walmart and even fast food that are paying over $18 an hour if you can work your way up. Okay. So it's out there. I think right now the biggest thing that you're dealing with is this kind of mental block because you're used to this and it's very hard to get your mind around something that you've not really experienced. Right? And you're like, oh my gosh, I need this, I need this. And the truth is, you're not far away from being completely free from this.


Yeah. And I would, and I would tell you Jules too, we, especially when it comes to money, the more facts you have, the the easier in a sense being able to process and make decisions becomes, because when it's just this idea of like, gosh, I don't even know how much we spend here. I don't know what apartments will cost. So like to Jade's point earlier, your homework would be to find actual numbers. Yeah. Actual numbers of a one bedroom apartment somewhere. Actual numbers of hey, here's really do what I spend at the grocery and per week, here's what I think it will be. And it doesn't sound okay. You know, you're, it's not this, I don't think it's gonna be this outrageous number. I mean, just like what you just quoted us even. I'm like, yeah, $22,000 a month.


I mean that's 25, 30 grand a year after taxes. Yeah. So like that, that is very, very doable, Jules. And so if you stay on the line, Kelly's gonna pick up because we want you to be able to have the information to help you. So we'll give you financial piece university, which is our nine lesson course. We're gonna give you EveryDollar, which is EveryDollar premium to, to hook up to your bank to actually create a budget. And when those transactions come in, Jules actually track them and drag and drop them and start telling your income when you get a job. Hey, this is where, this is where it's going. And then we'll give you some of Ken Coleman's. Yeah. Ken Coleman material because there's a get clear assessment. and I want you to take this Jules. 'cause I want you to have the ability to see yourself and your giftings and what's you're wired to do.


And find a job in that lane. So we believe in you, Jules, you're doing an incredible job as a mom. So stay on the line, Kelly. You'll pick up


What does the future hold for business. Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Well, 2025 is just around the corner. So listen up that post-its that you wrote your goals on for this year. Yeah, it's probably, oh gosh, not gonna cut it because listen, goals, it can be intimidating. Keeping up with them, knowing where you're at and the progress that you're making. It can be hard. But if you make them specific and measurable, that's always a great way to achieve your goals. And the 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner will help you break down your goals so that you can actually see real progress when it comes to not just your money, but also your faith in your relationships. And so it's packed with really great monthly teaching from myself, Dr John, Delony, and right here, Jade Warshaw to keep you motivated. So this, this planner, it is a, it is a, it's a hefty planner, you guys, 'cause I mean there is monthly and weekly calendars, stickers, a vision board, goal setting, system savings tracker, all of it. And it can be yours today for $47 and 97 cents. That's very specific. So specific, $47 and 97 cents. Or this actually could be a great Christmas gift as well. If you know someone in your life that loves a great planner, the Ramsey Planner, it's always, it's always a bestseller around this time of year. It's on my, it's on my list of favorite things. Yes. Like five favorite gifts to give. It's really, really great. So you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or click this, click the description if you're listening on podcast or watching on YouTube.


All right, let's go to Anna Marie Island in Florida and let's talk to Amy. Hey Amy. Welcome to The Show. Hi, how are you guys? We're doing great. How can We help. So, so I'm a little confused as to where to go. I own two properties. One of them is on the island and that property I owe about 400,000 on it's worth 700,000. My, my monthly payment with HOA and everything is 4,500. I own another property just over the bridge. It's a bicycle ride to the beach that is an air Airbnb property.


I've been making about 50,000 a year on, but I don't owe anything on that property. Okay. That is worth about 650,000. What I am thinking of doing is selling my property on the island. I, I'm kind of tired of the HOA stuff and actually I'm in the process after Hurricane Milton renovating my Airbnb property right now. And I'm thinking I wanna move into it. Wow. I'm thinking of selling condo on the island and moving into the house, just over the bridge. Then I'll have no, no house debt.


I have 200,000 in cash after the renovation left over. Okay. And then if I sold the condo, I would have, I would make 300,000 nice profits off of that. So I'd have a half a million. The only other debt I have is my car, which I just bought. And what's that? I know that it's, well, it's kind of against Dave's rules. I know, but I bought, just bought a new Infiniti, Iowa 70,000 on that. Okay. So that's a $13 a month payment. I have a 70,000 IRAA $20,000 fidelity account. So What's wrong with, what's wrong with doing this deal and, and moving into the R Air Airbnb and selling the one on the island?


What's wrong with that? It's not, what's wrong with it? I think that's, I think that's a smart decision. The question I have for you guys is, so I'm a real estate broker. I've done real estate, you know, renovations, flipped building all, all my life. I'm a single woman, 55 years old. If I did this move and my condo actually sold and I got into the house, I have a half, half a million and I need to know what to do with it because I'm, I'm most likely to wanna buy real estate and fix it and do all that. And I'm not knowledgeable at all about the stock market. I'm, I'm trying to just wrap my brain around all of it and learn because I'm getting to the age where I want the money to work for me instead of me working the money, you know?


Yeah, for sure. Yeah. How old are you? So I'm 55. Okay. And what do you do for a, for a job? Are you working I'm a real estate broker. Oh, that's right, you said that. I'm sorry. How much do you make a year doing that? Well that's, that varies quite a lot. But anything from a hundred grand to 300 grand a year. Okay. And then your primary residence where you live now, what is the situation there? So I, the condo on the islands is we, I owe Was That, where is, where, is that where you're living? Is that condo?


It's, it's been my primary residence. Oh It has? Okay. I'm sorry. I gotcha. Okay, perfect, Perfect. I'm the Airbnb now renovating it, but I'm thinking about just moving here. Yeah, that's great. That's great. Okay, so the $500,000 cash, I mean what I would do honestly with it is I would take some of it, I would diversify it and I love the idea that you like real estate and maybe 'cause I come from a real estate family, but I think it's a great, right. I think it's a great option to have, especially if you know what you're doing and a lot of people don't, but you do. 'cause you live in this world. Yeah. And it's great. It's a great way to invest. So I would take some, Amy and I would probably max out a Roth IRA every year I would make that part of my rhythm.


Okay. I think it's $7,000 per year that you can do. So I would allocate some money to make sure that you had the cashflow and that can come out of just your income that you're making anyways. It doesn't have to come out of this 500,000, what is your income? Just anywhere from a hundred to 300. It, yeah, Anywhere from like 100 to 300. Yeah. I'm made a little more than that. Made a little less that. So I would, so yeah, so that would be a thing. That would be something I would do. And then I would still, you know, I think your, your IRA, do you have any other retirement investing do you like within your brokerage? No. Any kind of 401k, anything? No, I've always been, I've always felt like, I've always felt like I do better with real estate than I do with like, because I, I have always scared me, you know, it's always sure.


Been an unknown For me. Well, and so lemme tell you this, there is a level of risk that I wouldn't take in the stock market when you think about single stocks and there's ways to do it that's risky and then ways that actually have way less risk and you still get a great rate of return on average anywhere from 10 to, I mean, 12, 13%. I mean, this past year the market did incredible. So it was even more than that. But doing mutual funds, investing in mutual funds, which is gonna be 90 to 200 stock within a fund. So no single stock investing, all of that. So really you, you limit your risk when you spread your money around. And so that, that would be the bet that I would do.


I mean, I would do anything I could to do some tax favored plans in retirement. So that would be your Roth IRA? Yeah. Within your brokerage. I don't know if you're, if if you do you own the brokerage or you work for someone? I own the brokerage. You do? Okay. But I, so I would look into like a a, I would look into it like a, a sep I mean I would look into a couple individual 401k. Yeah. I would look into a couple of options just to put some money in from a retirement standpoint. 'cause that is gonna be, it's gonna have more tax advantages than just going into the market on your own personally. Yeah. So I would, I would allocate some money for that. I would look around, I mean, I don't know what real estate is going for in your area, but I mean, if you can find something and pay cash for it and have another rental property to the side, I mean I think that's, I think that's a great option as well.


So yeah, there's a, there's nothing, you know, you, you can't, I wouldn't say do anything completely wrong unless you took all this money and just like blew it or put it all in like one single stock or something. But I think real estate and some in retirement would be great. But I would also recommend sitting down with one of our smart investor pros. We actually just met one and the last break that's here from Seattle. Yeah. And a smart ster pro can sit down and really help look at all of this with you as well and just kind of your long-term plan of retirement, long-term goals that you may have and be able to let this money work for you in that way as well. Yeah, I think that you're doing well. The thought I keep having is, you know, a lump sum is gonna double every seven years.


So let's say you sold the house on the island, you got the 300 K, let's say you dropped that in the bank and then you invested the cash that you have into real estate. I mean if you do that and you continue to add 15% of your income every single month, I mean in 10 years, I mean you're gonna be looking pretty good. You're gonna have around 1.3 and that's just assuming, you know, you're kind of midway at that midway point in your income. It's not assuming for the months that you're making 300 or the years that you're making 300 and above. So you have a really great horizon on this and way to go. Good job. Yeah. Yeah. That would be some good numbers to kind of play with. If you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com, our investment calculators there and plug in some of the numbers and just say, what if I just invested, you know, all this 500,000 Yeah.


What Fund would be, because if it doubled, you know, every seven years is kinda the rule of seven that could be exciting to you. And it may be less work and headache as real estate. But if real estate's something you love too, maybe you take some of this and buy a paid for property. Thanks Amy for the call.


Hey, you guys, when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt for example, it might seem weird at first and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird if that means you're doing things intentionally, including how you spend your healthcare dollars. And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM isn't health insurance. They're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom programs. Start as low as $98 a month, find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. Up next we have Brent in Cincinnati, Ohio. Hey Brent, Welcome to The Show. Hi Rachel. Hello. How. can We help? So I'm wondering if I'm able to purchase a a car for my wife. We've been leasing to own for the three years and upcoming December we can purchase it for 19,000. Oh, the same car is valued at 23,000. Okay, so you've been leasing it for three years. What was it worth when you started?


I'm just wondering how much it's depreciated. How much? No, how much was it worth? 28,000. Okay. Okay. And now it's worth 19, but you're saying you've seen it other places for 23, is that what you're telling me? Yes. With the same mileage the same year. Oh, So it looks like a good deal. Yeah. Do you have the money and do you like the car? We like the car but we don't have the money. So we'd be getting a loan through Maya Credit Union. Oh, Mm. And what's the alternative? You just give it up?


Yes. Do you have Any But my, my wife's very attached to the vehicle and doesn't really want to consider any cheaper options. Yeah, I listen, I can understand that. Go ahead. Well, yeah. Why is she attached to it? She just likes it a lot. She likes it a lot. Okay. Well the fact that she's not gonna be able to consider is she's sitting there with you, Brent, tell her hi for us. Yeah. What's her name? Elizabeth. Hey Elizabeth. Elizabeth. So, yeah, I mean, when you put yourself in a position, when you purchase something and say, well I'm just not, I I don't wanna look at anything cheaper, you've kind of already made your decision.


I mean, if you guys don't have the money and you don't wanna look at anything cheaper, I mean, I guess the only thing that you guys have decided at that point is yeah, you're gonna take a loan out and and buy the car. We would advise you differently. And so you called the show. So we'll give you our advice. I don't know if you're gonna wanna take it because what you realize is you've been, you've been basically renting this car for three years in The most expensive way possible. In the most expensive way. Yeah. and I know, you know, you can't really tell the interest rate on a lease car, but when people, you know, actually ratio it out, it's, it's high. Yeah. It's, it's usually more expensive than if you went and got a traditional car loan like 14%. So then you're gonna take a $19,000 loan pay interest on that and then we're gonna look up in four to five years and this $19,000 car is gonna go down to probably $10,000 or $12,000 in value.


So when it comes to cars, it is one of the places that financially speaking, I mean it's kinda one of the dumbest debts you can, you can get into from a financial perspective. Because again, you're borrowing money and paying more on that borrowed money 'cause it interests on an asset that's going down in value versus like a house, a mortgage. Right? You take out a mortgage, you do pay interest on that loan, but the value of that home is going up at the same time. So the car itself is not a wise purchase to make when you don't have cash for it. So my next question to you guys would be, do you have any cash available to you? Do you have No, we don't.


Okay. We're still trying to get over some credit card debt. Okay, good. How much, how much debt do you guys have? We have 4,000 on the credit card. Okay. And then we have a few monthly payments. How, What are those? We're still, we're paying off our wedding rings, which we have 7,000 left over. Okay. Okay. And then we have some, a personal loan. We're paying back my parents, which be owe about 2,500 left. Okay. And I'm doing 500 every paycheck. Okay. So about towards the end of January, the 500 a month will clear up.


Okay. How much do you guys make a year? Close to 40,000 a year Combined. Combined? Yes. Is are, are you both working? My wife is looking at getting a new job that could make more money soon, but we just don't have the money yet. and I don't wanna make decisions on we will have more money later. Yeah, that that's right. I wanna make the decision on for sure what we have now. Absolutely. Which is very wise, very, very wise. So yeah, a $40,000 income, there's no way I would take a $19,000 loan for a car. No, you can't afford It. Do you guys have kids yet?


No, not yet. Listen, I'm gonna throw something wild out here and roll it over in your minds and in your hearts tonight. But she's not working yet. You don't have children when it comes time for this lease, like you let it go. But If, you have to be a one car family for a couple of months while you save up. What's the harm in that? Just a thought. Yeah, I suggest that my husband and I did that while we were trying to get out of debt. We got rid of one of our vehicles and we were upside down, but we got a small loan for it to get out of it. And then we had one an just our single car. We paid it off and then we actually found that it was doable for us for quite a while and we stayed that way.


And then when it was ready time for us to have a second car, we bought it in cash. And for you guys in this season of your life, that actually might work out better for you than a lot of other couples because she's not really working yet. And, and I'm gonna say this Brent, and I'm gonna be very kind as kind and fun as Rachel, is it? This comes through but the, what the life you guys just described to us from a financial perspective only is so normal. You, you know, you have a personal loan to the parents for, I'm not sure why you got wedding rings, you didn't have the money. So you guys took out a loan, you have some credit card debt, you have a car lease, like this is, you guys are, y'all are the normal Americans out there.


But the problem is Brett Normal Is Broke normal is 78% of Americans today are living paycheck to paycheck. Meaning if you miss a paycheck, you don't have enough to cover your bills. So if you guys decide that you wanna continue to live normally, then what you guys have have so far decided is that, and and normal would be to go get, just keep the $19,000 car because you like it. That is normal and you will have normal results because of it. But what we encourage people is to flip all of that onto their head and actually say, what is the weirdest thing we can do? Because if I get the results of normal, which is paycheck to paycheck living and not being able to build wealth and not be able to invest or save for the future or have any amount of money in savings, like I don't wanna be normal.


That's not where I wanna be. And if you guys look at each other tonight and say we don't wanna be that we want to be people that have no debt. We have an emergency funds. Yeah. We're actually funding some retirement for the future. We have a house that we can afford. It doesn't stress us out. We have margin in our budget like this life that can be created. Brett is possible, totally possible, but you can't get there if you keep doing normal things. So what Jade's saying is a one car family for for a couple that doesn't have kids. Is that inconvenient? Yeah. Is that weird? Yeah. Yeah. But you know what? You don't have a car payment. 'cause that car payment on the $19,000 car, it's gonna be $600. Okay. That you guys don't have. Like, so you have to make different decisions if you want different results, Brett.


And that's gonna mean not taking out a loan for a car for you guys. The re the reality is a one car family. It's saying goodbye to my emotions, saying goodbye to what I want and what I love and all the things that got me to this place. And you put all that aside and you guys are like, we're adults. Yeah, we're adults and we're gonna make adult-like decisions. And we don't have the money. We can't afford this car. You can't afford this car. Brett can't afford at $40,000. You can't afford half of your annual income going to the value of a car like that. It's not good. It's not wise. And and I would be working like crazy to get your income up and, and I would start working to get outta debt.


I mean you guys could get all this paid off. Your debt's not crazy. No, I mean it's, you know, 2,500, 4,000. Like you guys can get this cleaned up really fast if you just say we're gonna be weird and we're gonna work 60 hours a week 'cause we don't have kids and we're gonna take side hustles. Okay, we're gonna drive Uber. Right? I Mean like, here's Brent here, let me put this in perspective. Here's a couple of interesting statistics about, about cars because I want you to never go in and have a car payment again. Number one, Rachel just said 78% of the people living paycheck to paycheck, right? 85% of people who buy, who get a car, take out a loan or a lease to get it. and I think that's a very interesting correlation. Almost everybody. Almost Everybody. Which is almost the same percentage of people living paycheck to paycheck.


Yep. And for most people that car payment is about $525 a month, which is very close to where you guys were at and I mean. And if you invested that instead of gave give it to a car company, what would that be, Jay? Well think about it. Most new car payments are over a term of six years. If you had listened to us and invested that money over the last six years, you'd have $85,000 instead of a car debt that's gone down in value. And so Be weird Brent. Be weird.


Hey guys, George Kamel here for Delete Me. I saw a headline the other day that made me squirm. One third of the US population's background info is now public. We're talking 115 million Americans personal info out there in cyberspace for data brokers to buy, sell and trade like Pokemon cards and data theft happens all the time. Data brokers get your info, like your name, address, phone number, even your kids' names, and then boom, it's available to online bad guys. But to that delete me says not so fast. That's because Delete Me finds and removes your personal info from hundreds of these data broker sites and they send you an easy to read report showing you exactly what they did and how much time they've saved you. What I love most is that delete me reduces the risk for scams for me and my family. Not to mention that we get fewer creepy ads and robocalls. So it's time to take control of your online privacy, their individual delete me plans start as low as nine bucks a month and you can get 20% off if you go to join delete me.com/ Ramsey. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


I think one of my favorite things right now in life, Jade, is I will hear a trends that and not to point fingers at generations Point them Gen Z will come up with and you hear it and you're like, well that sounds familiar. I think we've been doing that. It's already a thing. One of them was cash stuffing. This was like two years ago. They came up with someone on TikTok was like, we're gonna cash stuff, which means you take cash and put it in different compartments like envelopes to pay for things and they're calling it cash stuffing. It was this new like, that's such a wise idea how smart, you know, it was this new trend Wallet. And we're like, that was the envelope system That's happening. Rachel been having wallets or Yeah, I Was like, I think we have a product for that.


We have a wallet for that if you want that. Wow. Another one was like, they have a, it's, they call it dinner parties. Yeah. And they're like, and everyone brings a dish. Yeah. So instead of going out to eat, you bring a dish and they're calling it a dinner party. We're like, isn't that a potluck? Like is it, haven't we been doing this Like in the Baptist churches for, For decades, even like the negative stuff they were calling like what we would call financial infidelity. They were calling it stealthy spending. Oh. I'm like stealthy Spending to like get around the spouse of your purchases. Yeah. So yeah, these, these things that have been going on, they just kind of put a little Gen Z, like sprinkle dust and excitement, a little glitter on it and make it a little bit exciting. So there's a new trends that they have come up with and it's now like trending on social.


And it is called slow shopping is what they're, I'm so done. Where it means you don't just buy something when you want it. You wait Oh wow. To see if you really need it. What a concept. Vetting a purchase. So a slow shopping. It's become a big trend now among the Gen Zs. Okay. Which we applaud. We are all for this, this, yeah. Quote unquote trends. Trends mindful Buying. Yeah. But the idea is that again, shoppers are now cautioning each other to be slower when they're making purchases not go off of emotion. And even if there are deals and promotions, still wait to see if you need it. Don't fall for those traps. Wow.


Which is very smart. So yeah, the, the whole idea of spending and consumerism has always been something we've talked about here. But the but the slow shopping. Yeah. We are all for Gen Z. This is wild. This is wild and crazy to me. And then, and then there's another one and then you're ready for this one. Okay. Hit me. This is on TikTok. This is the latest financial trend that's called under consumption core is what they're calling it. Where it basically means that you don't buy anything that you don't need. What a time to be alive. So you just use what you have already and that's all. And if you, you know, actually have something you need, then you can buy it. But if it's just something you want, we're not buying it.


It's an, and they're calling that under consumption core. Wow. Which again has been around forever. Jay, you know, this whole idea of like, you know, being what's the core Part? What's the core? I don't know. I hear these terms and I'm like, I don't need, I don't know what it means. Okay. Kelly May be able to tell us. She, I feel like she's like in the trend and She's like, I don't know either. Yeah. Okay. But under consumption core is what they're calling it. So, but, but, but again, this consumerism and this idea of what we've been teaching at Ramsey for decades is, yeah, if you don't have the money, don't buy it. Your needs versus wants is always something to consider because there will always be a new and better thing. But if you don't have the money, don't buy it. So I'm glad that Gen Z's picking up on it. Good. This is good.


This is a good trend and it reminded me of there's a Saturday night live old skit. Old skit with like Steve Martin. Oh yeah. Amy Poer I think. Do we have it? Okay, let's, let's play that. This is this, this it reminds Me of, I just can't get these numbers to add up. It's like we're never gonna get out of this hole. Credit card debt. Does it ever end? Maybe I can help. We sure could use it. We've tried debt consolidation companies, We've even taken out loans to help make payments. Well you're not the only ones. Did you know millions of Americans live with debt they cannot control. That's why I developed this unique new program for managing your debt. It's called Don't buy stuff you Cannot Afford.


Oh Let me see that. If you don't have any money, you should not buy anything. Sounds interesting. Sounds confusing. I don't know honey, this makes a lot of sense. There's a whole section here on how to buy expensive things using money. You save, Gimme that. And where would you get this saved Money. I tell you where and how in chapter three. Okay. But what if I want something but I don't have any money. You don't buy it. Well let's say I don't have enough money to buy something. Should I buy it anyway? No, Now I'm really confused.


It's a little confusing at first. Well what If you have the money, can you buy something? Yes. Now take the money away. Same story. Nope. You shouldn't buy stuff when you don't have the money. There you go. Wow. What a concept. Such common sense. Such common sense. So yeah, America, follow follow Gen Zers. You know, when you're gonna buy something, especially this holiday season, be a little slower with your purchasing. Make sure you have the money for it and you know, if it's not a, if it's not a need, maybe you skip it. Maybe You skip It and live in that under consumption core trends, which is so great. I feel like it should just be under consumption. Yeah. I don't Know. That's it.


Talking to two millennials here. Oh wow. Okay. Oh, all right. Let's go to San Antonio, Texas and Regina is with us. Hey Regina Welcome to The Show. Hi, first off I'm 26 and the fact that I only know about the under consumption makes me feel so old. But you also forgot about the de influencing so now influencers that kind of de people. Yes. I love, I actually really like that de influencing trend. Yeah, Same idea. Well done. Thanks Regina. Thanks for the Of course. Keeping us young. I got you. So good. So good. How can We help. So yeah, so obviously right now I am super, not obviously, but I'm on the show now. So I am Dave crazy right now and I'm in baby step too.


and I feel like, I don't know if I've made his name a cus word just yet, but I do know that a lot of my friends, they know I'm on it and they support me and I feel like some have been trying to spread the word about it. But I have a little cousin and she looks up to me a whole lot. She just turned 18, she just entered college for the first year. and I really wanna try to go about that conversation of finances with her because I know when I was 18 my prefrontal lobe wasn't developed yet. Right. So like anything that anybody would tell me, I was like Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like my mom swears she told me not to you know, get debt. But she also remember, I remember her telling me that I could get a credit card when I was 18.


So that's all I remember. Sure. And so I'm trying to, Oh no. Oh, oh no. Did we lose her? She, oh let me put her on hold. Okay. Yeah, shoot. Okay. Regina we are gonna answer your question. I think our phone system just got a little crazy. That was like the old school fax machine. That's what It did sound like. Oh my gosh. Somebody was sending us a fax. My yes. Okay, so we'll talk through this Regina, I'm so sorry we had to cut you off 'cause of that. That's all right. We got it. You can't ask any follow follow ups but yeah to be a great influence I think is number one. I appreciate you even thinking about people in your life and saying, oh my gosh, I know someone does look up to me and watches my decision making and I wanna be able to help them when it comes to this.


So first I'll give you my number one is always, always, always, people are going to see what you do more than what you say. And so she's gonna be watching you do this and, and she may be watching you, you know, take on an extra job to pay off debt. She may be watching you saying no to a vacation that all your friends are taking and you're like, yeah, I'm not going 'cause I'm paying off debt. Like as you live this out that is going to speak so loudly. 'cause even like your parents, you know Yeah they're like, you know, they may have said something but then also they're like, yeah I bet you can get a credit card and they probably live with credit cards and live with some debt. And you just kind of follow what you know and what you see how people act as you watch them.


And so by you just simply living, just know like that is a great starting point because she's gonna be seeing what you're doing and realizing, oh she's not stressed about money. Yeah. God Regina has has margin to spend and she's like saying no to things and she's gonna be watching your decision making. I Agree. I think seeing that, I think there's a couple areas that that really applies. And weirdly enough, I think it's the same areas that we talk about couples being aligned on. People don't like for you to just strike up a conversation out of the blue about their money, their politics, their religion, how they raise their family. Right? That's right. It's like when you do that it's like wait, wait, wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. So to just like, even if it's in love, like bringing it up, it kind of feels invasive because those topics are extremely invasive.


And so I think Rachel's exactly right. Let your actions speak louder than your words and they truly will like the fruit, you know, a tree by the fruit it bears. Yeah. And if you guys do have a great relationship, you know, sitting down with her at lunch and just telling her what you're doing and just being like, oh my gosh, okay, I found this new show and I'm so excited about it. I'm paying and, and talk about what you're doing you're doing and not point the finger at her and just say if you ever have any questions, please like call me. I wanna talk about this. and I would love to help. If you want help like I'm here for you. Yeah. You know, just offering that door to be open. Thanks Regina for the call. Thanks to everyone in the booth. thank you Jade for a great hour and we'll be back. America, this is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members and I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out debt and live generously. In fact, they design products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more and while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author Jade Warshaw and we are answering your questions about life and money and relationships, career, anything and everything we are here for you. So first up we have STA in Nashville Welcome to The show. Hi, it's Stacia Sta. I'm sorry. You are totally fine. I've heard it for all 33 years of my life. I bet you first and foremost I am unapologetically fangirling.


You guys are some of my favorite hosts and personalities ever in the history of the whole show. Oh, I'm so nice, so glad, I'm glad we're here for you today. Oh absolutely. They keep it 100 all the time Rachel, you're just the best. So you are kind. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, Thank you. Yeah. Well I just a little context. I have been following the principles of RAMSEY since I was 17. I'm 33 now. Wow. Two and a half years away from being a baby steps millionaire. Yay. My gosh. That's amazing. Yes, it's So grateful. Like so, so grateful for the principals. I come from a family that does not have money and so I'm actually calling you today because I don't have anyone else to ask this question.


So I am in baby step six. My husband and I are in baby step six. We are about eight years away from paying off our house fully and I know y'all say I know the principal's inside and out, but I know you'll say to not purchase a second property until your first property is paid off. And so we're in a predicament where we want to purchase land and then eventually build a small home on that land. And so we would love to throw like $50,000 at purchasing land. But I'm wondering and how to navigate big purchases while in baby step six. Do we just like stay gung ho for the next eight and a half years with like every extra penny going up the mortgage or like when do we have permission to save up a good chunk of money and make a big purchase?


And is it okay that that big purchase is toward like one component of a second property? Yeah, it's great question. Is the $50,000, will that be enough to cover the land that you're looking at? Well, well that's the thing. I'm from Nashville, Rachel, I know you're familiar with East Tennessee. So like we, we know exactly what part of town outside of Chattanooga or East Tennessee that we would wanna purchase. And so if and when the right land came available and we were able to jump on it, I wanna be able to jump on it. And right now a lot of land is going for a lot less 'cause people aren't buying houses, primary houses and especially not buying secondary property. So land has been cheaper and so I'm trying to weigh the options of like do we go ahead and like jump on it if something's in that 50 to 70, When you say jump on it, when you say jump on it, does that, is that permission to buy something that's more than $50,000?


Like more than the cash that you have? No, we have. So we have that cash on top and that's what I'm wondering. Do I, we have our emergency fund and we have on top of our emergency fund extra cash 50,000. I'm like, do we throw that at the mortgage? Yes. I'm like, do we throw that out the mortgage? No. And maybe go get the mortgage paid down a year faster or do we jump on land? Yeah because the land would you guys want to, in your perfect world, would you move there before eight years or is this like in 20 years? No. So this would just be a second enjoyable spot. We live in the city. We live like right downtown in east Nashville. Got it. So this, this land, this land would be like a little getaway space for us to share with our family and for ourselves just enjoying for us.


Gotcha. Yes. Like to get out in the country. When would you start building on it after this first mortgage is paying off or what are you thinking? Absolutely. Okay. I would buy the land. Yeah. Why not paid off? Yeah. Buy the lands. Okay. I just, I don't know of like hearing permission of like because it's associated with a second home. Like did that have to wait until the mortgage and I don't know. I don't have anyone to ask like how do you like wisely go about it? I know. I think it's wise that you're paying cash. It sounds like it's reasonable. Yeah. you have the money to do it. Yeah. and I think it really goes back to that teaching of once you pass baby step three things kind of Yeah. You're able to live your life and you're able to focus on the things that are valuable to you and that you wanna spend money on.


And in this case you're gonna continue to pay the house off and you're not building Right. The residence before you're figuring out your primary residence. So. Right. For me it's, I would, I would do the same thing if I were in your shoes and I and I cared about That. Yeah. And it's, you know, $50,000, which is a lot of money, but it's also like that's the price of a new car for some people and they replace their car and they, you know, they, so yeah, it's not like we're talking about $500,000 and the house could, your primary residence could be paid off today or something. Right. It's a reasonable amount of money. 'cause how much do you guys make a year Combined? We're at three 10. That's great. Okay. Yes, I would for sure I would. Yep. I would save and I and I'll even go a little further 'cause I'm such a, I'm such a spender.


Go on Rachel that to, to really get what you guys want long term. If the, if you're looking at other properties you like, gosh if we had another 10,000, like that would be that that would be even that's the real, know what I mean, real one. Yeah. Like, like don't, because you're not in a rush, don't cheapen the purchase by just being able to say we got it. So really looking and I'm sure you guys have done your research and maybe 50 grand is just enough and like it's perfect and you're getting Shopping Rachel. That's right. Slow shopping to be able to get, you know, so maybe 50 grand really will get you guys exactly what you want and that's amazing. But I would also say you guys make great money. Yeah. You're in baby step six. Yeah. You're doing great. And again, if you're like yeah but you know, 10 grand more and we, and be disciplined in this, dont, don't let it go crazy but like 10 grand more would really get us this view here or this that, or you know, whatever it is.


Right. Maybe even pause a little bit, save up a little bit more, get what you want as well. What do you owe on your current house? Just curious. We owe 5, 5 50. Okay. So you've got, you've gotta waste And so we're on track. Yeah. We've got about eight and a half years and my husband gets annual bonuses and sometimes they're 35, sometimes they're 50. So what we use is like we just live on the base salary and then those bonuses can either go to lump sum of the mortgage or they can go to a big purchase. And so we know that those come every year. So I'm like okay, we could add that and that could be extra going towards a land, you know, a nicer piece of land or you know, it's not gonna move the needle a ton in how early we pay off the house since we're pretty aggressive about paying it off monthly now.


Yeah, I mean the good news is it's Such a hard knowing. The good news is, and I'm not saying that this will happen, it doesn't sound like it would, but the good news is if you were to purchase something and then seven years from now if you change your mind or something in your life changes, it's great point. It's something that's gone up in value hopefully and you could sell it and you know, you won't have lost anything. Right. So 'cause a lot can change in eight years is true. But yeah, if I were in your shoes I'd do it. Yeah. Would you guys use the land between now and eight years just to go and I? Don't know. Yeah, and camp. And Camp and all of of that. You would use the land. Okay. Yep. That's Great. Yeah, absolutely. So that's what, and be flexible also like kind of camp and see where do we want the front of the house, where do we want the natural life? Yeah, That's fun.


Start learning The land. But I just, I, I look at, you know, spots outside of Chattanooga and East to see all the time and some, some are going to auction and people just don't have the extra money and so they are going for a little bit cheaper and we're, we don't need a view, we also just kinda want wooded. Seclusion, so it's just up in the air. I just wanted to get permission, quote unquote permission to make a large purchase even if it is associated with a second property while in baby steps stickers. Hadn't hadn't heard anyone ask about that. Yep, absolutely. Well I'm glad you called because yes, you have our permission because you're paying cash and it's a reasonable amount compared to what you guys guys make and overall your financial life.


So yeah, it's not adding risk. Yep. Nope, it's great. And congratulations. Well done. That's always refreshing to hear. It's kinda that first generation of, hey we're, we're doing something different with our money. Yeah. And, and, and hear that too. Since she's 17, she's been doing this. Maybe not as aggressively in high school as you are when you're working adult, but this is a marathon. It is a long lifestyle, long term play. Yes. They are rhythms in your life at which you adopt good money habits. And you get to be a point to say, yeah, we wanna buy some lands. So I'm so glad you called. This is The Ramsey Show


These days. It's not if your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt. Then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft, and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more. Call 803 5 6 42 82.


Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget is like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Up next in Boone, North Carolina. We have Sierra on the line. Hi, Sierra Welcome to The Show. Hi. thank you. Absolutely. How, can We help? So my husband and I are living paycheck to paycheck and I was introduced to Dave RAMSEY from my grandmother. Now I have been trying for the past six months and I'm stuck on baby step one and we're not getting anywhere. We had half of baby step one and then everything happened with the hurricane and we're back to zero.


Oh man. Were you guys hit hard? Were you one of the towns? Yeah, we were. and I So sorry. It's okay. It happens, but I'm just, I feel like we can't catch a break and living paycheck to paycheck is so hard for us. I am a full-time student, college student. I'm 29 and my husband works full-time. Sometimes even over like overtime shifts just so that we can get by and I just, I don't know what to do anymore. What, what's he bringing in income wise? About 49 to 50,000 a year. Okay. And when do you graduate?


I have about five semesters left, so I'll be finishing up in 2027. Okay. Wow. Okay. Are you, are you working at all Sierra? I'm not, but I pick up pet sitting shifts to try and bring in some money. I tried a full-time job and full-time college and it destroyed me. Okay. What, what are you getting your degree in? Biology. Okay. And what's the goal with that? What, what do you wanna do? I went to go work on the coast as a marine biologist. Wow, Okay. Okay. So you're, he's bringing in 49,000, you're doing pet sitting. How much do you guys see a month, like after taxes, after everything?


What does that look like monthly for you? It's about three, 3,500. Okay. And what, how are you guys living? Are you renting? What are you paying for rent? We are renting. Okay. We pay a thousand a month for rent. Okay. Yeah, this is tough. The solution that you're looking for, I mean, people live paycheck to paycheck for different reasons. Sometimes it's our spending's out of control and we've gotta, you know, reign the budget in and reign the spending in. And sometimes it really is a income issue. And it's, in this case I think you're creeping up on an income issue.


I'm just wondering what is, what is your husband doing for work? What kind of work does he do? He makes fiber optic cable. Okay. And and you said he had a side hustle too? What's that? He door dashes. Okay. So I'm wondering, I'm wondering if both of you need to sit down and kind of figure out, okay, what do we both need to do in order to make this work? Because to your own words, it's not sustainable. Are you guys going into debt? Like how are you covering the overages? We are door dashing every chance that we can get. Okay. Just so like I can get to class and we can get food and sometimes his mom helps us out.


Okay. So there's not, you're covering the overage then. So there's part of this and, and there may be more that you can do income wise, but there is part of this where you've said, okay, I'm gonna go to school for the next three years and I'm gonna become a marine biologist. And by me doing that, here's what we've decided. My income is limited and he's in his career right now. And so there's part of this that you guys have decided by, you know, by choosing this path. And I'm not saying it's a bad thing, it's just we've both understood that for the next three years it's gonna be extremely tight, but there's a light at the end of that tunnel because you're gonna be a marine biologist. What's a marine biologist make?


It kind of depends. I'm trying to get a state job and that can range anywhere from 50,000 to 70,000. Okay. That's great. And how are you paying for school Right now? I am pretty set with financial aid and scholarships. Okay. I've already finished my associates and Good For You. Very good. Went through that with honors. So I've been doing pretty well with scholarships. So No debt, no Loans. Yeah. Do you guys have any other debt or any debt at all? Yes, I have three credit cards, but it only adds up to about a thousand maybe. Okay.


1500. And when you guys and I have a car, How much is that? The total on It's 28,000 and I pay 668 A month card. Oh, there, there's some money problem. Sierra, you gotta sell that car. Yeah, you gotta sell it. See, and I'm trying to figure out how to sell it So sell it, But I'm not sure because I'm $13,000 flipped on this car. Ooh. Oh wow. So you, so you owe 28,000 and how much, and you're saying you really can't sell it except for 15,000 is what it's worth? When I had it, because I went and had it appraised at a dealership.


Okay. Don't, and they said they can only gimme 6,000 for it. Yeah. Okay. So don't do the dealership route 'cause they will always give you a much lower rate than what you could actually sell it private sale for. So go on Kelly, kelly blue book.com, put in all the info and just see on the high end what you could get for it. Okay. So the, the dealership told you, how much would they pay for it? 6,000. Oh my gosh. Wait, $6,000 and it's a 28 and you owe 28,000. What kind of car is it? It's a 2017 Jeep Cherokee and I have 162,000 miles on it. Okay. What, what does your husband drive? What's his deal? He has a motorcycle that's paid for.


Got you. And we have a, we call it a hoopty and it's, it's just a really old beater that's also paid for. What about the motorcycle? What's it worth? About 4,000. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I would, okay. I think, yeah, I would be selling this car Sierra for sure. And even if it's, even if you can only get 16,000 for it, I would rather have a $16,000 loan than a $28,000 loan. Does that make sense? Like that's gonna Yeah, that's gonna change your numbers a whole lot. And if I were you guys, do you guys have kids? We have a 2-year-old. you have a 2-year-old?


Okay. Yeah. I mean, I, I might sell the motorcycle and take the 4,000 and get a beater car for you. Yeah. And then sell your car. Yeah. I mean, honestly, 'cause you can always go back and get a motorcycle again. But you guys, I mean, to your point, I mean, it's gonna cut that payment down when she gets a loan for whatever it is. Oh, almost half By half possibly. Yeah. I mean, it'd be, yeah. You guys would've an extra $300 a month coming in. Yeah. So there, and there's decisions, Sierra and I think Jade set it up really well and it's a, it's a, it's kind of a hard pill to swallow in life, but it's understanding that, you know, as adults we make decisions around our life and not all of them. It's not bad.


Yeah. Not all of 'em are right or wrong. It's not this, you know, oh gosh, you shouldn't be in school right now. It's not that at all. It is though. We have decided to do this route and because of that, we're not gonna have a lot of money. Like, we're gonna be, we're gonna feel broke for three years until I get through school and until I get a job and all that. And in three years it's gonna look different. But in the meantime, what can we do? What other decisions can we make that are gonna be adult-like decisions. Yeah. That may hurt and they're not fun, but it's things like getting the extra job like you guys are doing. It's selling stuff to see what you can free up. It's getting outta debt and you know, freeing up income, Cutting up those credit Cards, cutting up credit cards.


Yeah. I mean it's doing a couple of these, making some of these decisions within the big decision of the lifestyle you guys have made just to make it easier, Sierra. And that's the thing is, is we want peace. You know, we talk about financial peace is what we want for everyone. And that piece is gonna look different depending on, you know, everyone's situation and you know, the way they view life and all of it. It's a little bit of, you know, subjective to a degree, but you don't have peace right now. And so what I would fight so hard for is in these three years, how can we get some peace and being able to free up some money would bring some of that. And how do we do that? Well, I just listed out a couple of options Yeah. From jobs and sell and stuff and all of it. So that's what I would do.


And my mom's a long term that you've committed to, like, once she starts working, she's got a great pathway to make $70,000 and Oh yeah. And then together with your husband. Yeah. Y'all will be making, you know, 130,000. Yeah, that's great. Before taxes. Like, that's amazing. So the light is coming, but it's getting to the light that I think is really key in what decisions can we make in between. And, and these are hard, Sierra, I understand. Like, these aren't fun. It's not always fun, but it's getting you to a goal that you guys want together. And part of that is you still being in school. So I commend you for having a 2-year-old and doing this. And, and I'm so sorry about the devastation in your area. We, we, we think about you guys so much. So we're praying for you. Thanks for the call.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude and most of us have people in our, our lives that we're grateful for. One of those people for me is the wonderful Marilyn Fannon. She gave me a chance, she taught me poise and professionalism and she challenged me. But there's one person that we often don't take time to think ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're barely surviving or that we're moving forward or that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything seems to have gone bonkers, it's not always easy to be grateful. So here's my reminder to thank the people in your life, including you. And sometimes to do that, we need some professional help. We need to talk to someone trained to help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season. That's why I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy and you can talk with your therapist at just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost this season. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp hlp.com/delony.


Folks, The Ramsey Christmas cash giveaway is here and you could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show.


Our question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi refinances your defaulted private student loans. And defaulted means when the borrower can't make the required payments. So if that describes you and your private student loans, contact Why Refi, they can offer a lower fixed rate loan and they will have it built for you. So go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey may not be available in all states.


Alright, today's question comes from Theresa in Wyoming. She says, my husband and I have five girls under the age of 12. Wow. We have been in our home for seven years and we owe $234,000 on it. We love our house and three acre property, but in the past few years, the homes on either side were bought by a man who rents them out to people who work for him. Now we have what looks like a junkyard next door. They've also moved a two bedroom trailer to one of the properties that houses more workers. They dump all their construction materials on their land and regularly burn enormous piles on of it. I have complained and the county has been out, but nothing has changed.


They walked through our front yard and the woods, which is our property. Recently the police taped off the woods and a crime scene investigator spent the day, oh my gosh, there and hours. What spent the day and three hours there, I guess is what it should say. So all of that backstory, what should we do? Our realtor has said that we could sell the home for 800,000. That's pretty good. Should we stay because our interest rate is so low and paid off? Or should we put up a fence around the property? I've got five young girls to look out for, so please guide me on what to do in this weird situation, Rachel. Wow. Oh Man, This listen, the crime scene would've got me. Yeah, I I would have a lot of questions.


She's in Wyoming, so there's like, my mind is going to some shows that I've watched. But anyway, I love that this is worth a lot. I I wish I knew how close, like yeah. How close the neighbors are. I'm envisioning more land I guess. 'cause I'm envisioning Wyoming, but three Acres, acres isn't like, Isn't huge. Crazy, Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I, You know, I wouldn't let the interest rate keep me there. I definitely wouldn't. I think that you have enough equity that you could probably move on if you wanted to. And if you're truly concerned about safety, and I'd make sure to get all the information from the county first and say, okay, are there any violations?


Are you planning on doing anything? And if they're not, then I, I'd probably get to step in. I know Yeah, you're the primary residence of which you live. Some people, there's not a lot of options. You kind of are stuck, you know, depending on your situation. But you wanna feel safe. I'm like, that's the one place in life that's the point you can go Yeah. And, and not have to think and and for your kids. Yeah. Yeah. Play where you're not worried about them, them and everything. Play yard having a good time. Yeah. Yes. So I, I, I may talk to him and just see not what he would change, but if he's thinking of what his long-term plans are, because who knows, he could say, oh yeah, in the next two years I'm leaving and going somewhere else or whatever. Right. Yeah.


And then this problem, it's short term. I would not have the conversation with the hopes that you can change the way he does life and all the, you know, how he's lived thus far. That's not gonna change. Yeah. But I would be curious what his long-term plans are. And if he doesn't have any, then I probably would be moving just to feel Yeah. Just to, I mean, you have the option, you have great equity and just to feel safe again. I mean, honestly, it's like, golly, I just wanna enjoy my house and what's around me. Yeah. Versus like rolling my eyes every time I go in. And again, some people there's no option and you will be in the house that you're in because of interest rates and everything. True. So, but They've got options. It's, yeah. It's a, it's a, it's a blessing to be able to say, Hey, we can, we can actually make a different move.


So I probably would. I I would too. I think that there's a soul tax here and a a Yes. Mental calorie tax that you can afford to pay. Yep. I love it. But thanks for the question, Theresa. All right. Let's go to Adam in New York City. Hey Adam Welcome to The Show. Thank you Absolutely for having me. I have a question. I, I was in an accident and there was a settlement. I have some debt of 28,000 total between my wife's credit cards, my credit cards, and what's left in my car payment. We we're gonna wipe out our debt the, the minute we get our, our, our payment.


Okay. But what we wanna do is we wanna know what we do with the rest and it's about close to a half a million. Wow. What happened Adam? Oh, I really can't go into detail. Okay. but it was, it Was, are you okay? I'm getting there. Yeah. Okay. and I have, yeah. Will you have long-term medical issues at all? Yeah, I have something that was implanted that Okay. Is helping me. Yeah. Gotcha. I really can't get into the whole Oh yeah, no, I don't want you to, I'm just thinking for part of this money, if there was gonna be ongoing high medical care for you Yeah. That, that was gonna be part of my answer, Then you're down the line.


I have to get something like get something done again. Okay. I just wanna make sure you have the cash for all of that. Yes, yes. And that's what, and And also working rent going forward. Will you be working again or are you disabled or, oh yeah. No, I'm working. Both my wife and I are working. Yeah. Okay, Great. That's Great. I got back to work. I got back to work, but it was, you know, it wasn't easy, I'm sure. Yeah. Well, I'm glad you're, I'm glad you're doing okay. What is your, thank you. What's your combined income, you and your wife? 134,000. Very cool. Okay. So You'll have about, and We don't have children, so No children, so No, we're, we're like mid fifties.


Okay. That's Where we're at. And how, how are you living, what's your, what's your house housing situation? We have a, we, we rent, we, it's expensive area, but we have saying about our, our rent's close to 1700 a month. Okay. So, So You know that you wanna pay Ridiculous. Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, are you in the city? Like where, what part of New York are Your No, we're not in the, I'm, we're sub we're suburbs we're Suburb. Okay. So you know that you wanna pay off the debt, which is about 28,000, right? That's cars, credit cards. Yeah. Cars and credit cards. And then you're gonna wanna put aside three to six months of expenses. That's what we teach here. That's what we'd call baby step three.


So in your case, I'd put a put away six months just because you do have some things medically going on. And if I were you, I'd probably put out my out-of-pocket max. I would just like having that, that I can get to. That's right. And then the next thing on the list, obviously you should be investing, once this is done, you should start investing 15% of your income, your wife and you combined every single month just to set you up for later on. But with this 500,000, this might be a good time to start thinking about a long-term housing situation that's not renting. Yeah. Right, right. And so we, I mean, so what we're, what we're going for is what we need and, and in the area we need to live in because of work.


We just buy the house in cash or I mean as much as we can in down, on down payment or Well, What are you pricing out? What, what is real? If you look at what you'd like now to buy, what's it Cost? Well, but what we're getting settled for and what we are looking for is we could barely even pay it in cash. Well, I was wondering, should I put in a money marketing account and save up until we find something we like, or just with a nice down payment on something that, so we have a lower, I wouldn't buy something that you, you don't like, but I also you wanna buy something that you can afford. So that's, That's what Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yes. But what we like and what we can afford is what Are the price ranges you're talking about? Gimme more numbers.


Okay. The, the, the homes that we're looking at for we're just, just my wife and I. They're, they're, they're starting at like 450,000 enough. Okay. Okay. So what would be a, what would be a number that's like, oh yeah, that's, that feels like a good house for us. Good area. It's what we want. What is that? You said starting at four 50, but is that what you're thinking around four 50? 500? I say five, yeah. Four 50. 500. Oh, that's great. Okay. And does it weird you out that all to spend and buy out outright? Is that what you're saying? Does that weird you out to take all this cash and do that? Yeah. Yeah. And then, and then, and then I feel like I'm like, we're, we're house broke up. That, you know. Yeah.


Well honestly, Adam, that's, that's probably what I would, that's what I would do. Yeah. I mean, and again, I and don't feel the pressure to pay for it all in cash. But if you see a house that you like and you guys have to take out a $50,000 mortgage, I would do that and it will feel house poor. But that means the largest expense in your life. There is no expense to it. So it's The opposite of house Poor. Yeah. You guys can be able to cash flow so much retirement out of this and put so much money in investments. That's what I would do. That would be a huge way to get a jumpstart on this. Yep. That's exactly what I would do. I do it too. Thanks for the call, Adam.


Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment. Affording a home is impossible and you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right. Wrong George Kamel here. Listen, finding a home you love within your budget is possible. And I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving a Down payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist. We'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting today with bestselling author Jade Warshaw. And we are taking your calls. And up next we're going to north of the border, Jade, we're going to Toronto, Canada. All Right. And we're gonna chat with Diana. Hey Diana, Welcome to The Show. Hi, how are you? We're doing great. How can We help? So basically I am 48. I've got no kids. I'm single. I've got my mortgage that I've got about 13 K left. Nice. I have, yeah, I have some investments. 38 K, but I can't touch until I'm 55, which Okay.


Unfortunately, I mean, well fortunately that's right around the corner. But my thing is, I haven't been working for a year. I quit my job because I needed a change. My salary is only 50 5K. So when I do eventually get a job, you know, it's, it's not very high. But in the year I've been paying my maintenance and my mortgage on my credit line. So I've accumulated another 10,000 Oh shoot. In the last Year. But, but here's the thing. This is not the first time I've been in this situation. I've quit my job before and I've been, you know, not wisely paying my mortgage and my main fees on my credit line, but that's been a little buffer for me.


And then I'll get a job and I'll and I'll pay it down. That's such a risky way to live. It is. It is. And you know, that's what we call cash poor. Right. Where, you know, I'm not making a lot of money, but I'm smart with my money. You know, I'm not paying to get my nails done and stuff like that. I'm, I'm, you know, putting every cent that I have to that mortgage when I am making money. But here's my main question. I have no kids. I and my condo's worth about 700 K. Right. Why am I rushing? 'cause I only have 13 K left on this mortgage. Why am I rushing to pay down this mortgage? I don't know. I have, I want you to answer this question because you laid out a very interesting plan that I don't understand why you're, it's, it's strange to me that you are rushing to pay off your mortgage and that you're going into debt to do it without a job.


This, this is what I would call emergency mode. Okay. But I feel like you're kind of living it like a normal lifestyle. When do you plan on working again? Well, I'm looking for a job, but here's the thing here in Toronto, like salaries are very low. And I'm being, I'm cherry picking. Let's be honest and I know, but what caused you to, what caused you to quit your job before you had another one lined up? Was something bad going on? Yeah, I just didn't, I was sick of it. I was working for a company eight years and I was tired of it. Like I was just, how are you? Like, no, I need a break. How are you eating Diana? Like, and I'm not being facetious honestly. Like how, how are you having money to live? Oh, again, that's why I've accumulated the 10,000 is 'cause I've been paying Your Oh, so you've been paying your mortgage and your lifestyle off this line of credit?


A hundred Percent. So that's what that 10,000 is, right? Oh, I paying my mortgage. Yeah. So that's, I mean that 10 k accumulated over a year. Yeah. And it could have been a lot worse. Exactly. Exactly. And you know, and technically it's only 8,000. It's crawling up. I'm rounding up here. But the thing is, how did You get by on $8,000? You're on nothing. Did you have savings? You know what, I had a little bit of savings and I was technically collecting EI for like six months. So let's be honest. Oh okay. That was Only eight K is only I, So I'm very lucky the way everything. Yeah. So, but I think that there's, yeah, I I would say a couple of things Diana.


So the rush to pay off the mortgage 'cause you have no other debt but the line of credit. Correct. The the $8,000. Exactly. And that's, that's, it's, so the rush to pay off the mortgage, number one, we don't tell people to rush to pay off mortgage. Their mortgage. We say that it is in the baby steps at which after you're investing you don't have kids. So there's no kids college, then you would pay extra on the house. So it's not this urgency to pay it off quickly, but it is an intentionality that you wanna pay it off faster than for Americans. The typical 15, 30 year mortgage we want, we wanted to do it faster than that because your housing line item in your budget, whether it's rent or a mortgage, is always usually the most expensive thing that you pay for every single month.


And when that's freed up, that means you have all of that money. And for some people, I mean it's a thousand or more dollars that's freed up every single month that you can turn around and use for your life or to invest or all the above. Right. So that's the purpose of paying it off. It's not If you have kids or not. It's truly a line item issue in a budget. And when that's when your house is paid off, not only is there emotional freedom 'cause don't have payments, but there's also a financial freedom because you don't have payments. So for me and you, I mean you have, I mean you don't have a lot left. $13,000 on a, did you say a $700,000 condo? I mean, that's incredible, Diana. Yeah, it's a condo. Yeah.


and I want you to work. I mean, I don't want you to sit there and like be racking up debt and it may not be the job you want, but in the meantime, I would be getting something to earn some kind of money to live off of. So you're not living off debt. Yeah, because but here's you plan on living here, right? Or do is do you have a big plan to sell this and get access to the money? Like what, what are you thinking long term? And by long term, I mean like in the next eight years, five Years. Yeah. Okay. So, and here's the thing. I just got back from Jamaica because I was like, look, I know it's not wise. Let's add another couple of grand on that, on that credit Line. Diana, you're so different. Hold on, hold On. But this, but only, only because I haven't traveled in seven years.


You know what I mean? and I don't, Diane, I have to tell you. I dunno what you mean, You're crazy, but No, I Know, but you don't have a job, Diana. You're going into debt for a vacation. You don't have a job. How much was Jamaica? How much was Jamaica? how are you paying for it? It was only two grand. I that was only two grand. So, so you're telling me, I'm not kidding. You're telling, you're telling us. This is great, by the way, I really appreciate you calling because She's a free spirit. 'cause you got free, You got the $8,000 and you're telling me for a full year you have lived off of 8,000 with, I understand six months you were getting some unemployment and you took a $2,000 trip. So technically you only had $6,000 that you were using.


I just dunno if I believe your numbers. I feel like that's impossible. Well, eight grand because let's be honest that, that that credit card payment is this month. So that'll push me over to the 10,000 think, Oh, now we're at 10,000. So it Was 8,000 because of Jamaica. Okay, so then Yes, that's right. He has 10. So Diana, listen, you're, you're smarts. You've, because you've, you've paid down this condo. That's the reason I'm giving you credit. I'm like, okay, I'll give, you've paid down this condo so you have something in you that works hard. Yes. And you are smart when you're making an income, but you're not ma I mean this isn't smart. The, like, what you've been doing so far, the decisions in this last year are, are really, it's just interesting.


It has The ability to ruin what you have built if you keep this up. Okay. And that's my biggest fear. It's a rhythm and a pattern that's begun. And I'm, and I'm scared for you to stay in that long term because that it will be financial disaster. You've made so much progress financially, so much in your life. I mean, you look at your condo, I mean, seriously. Like, it's amazing. I just don't want you to keep going backwards because there's not, not a job that's paying you what you want. Like just get a job and pay something. See, and that goes into my next question because my mentality, maybe it's a good thing I'm calling in because I'm like, maybe I should take another year off and just travel. What? And just enjoy my life while I What? Do, look, look, I, I, I get it. Traveling is fun.


I I'm right there with you. Is it possibly, is it possible you don't know what you would want to do professionally and instead of figuring it out? Yeah, it's easier to just, yeah, because Because let's be honest, I don't wanna get another admin customer service position where I'm only making 50 5K. Okay. You know, the fact that I was able to pay my mortgage and all that stuff. If you could do anything you wanted to do professionally, like if there was nothing Oh, I no barriers. What do you think you could do? I Don't, I don't, I don't know. That's, I don't know. So you're, I would you wanna go on a eat, pray, love journey and figure out what you want do? I'm all about the travel. I just want you to have money to do it. I do too. I do too. Okay.


So Yeah, this is a fun call. I don't think that we're gonna convince you to change your philosophy on life right now. I mean, I hope we can, but I think you're, I think you're in a mode right now, But you're really just look, because I think because I have the cushion because my mortgage. Yeah, because worst case scenario, Here's the thing, you can't, you can't out earn bad spending habits for long. And although you do have this equity built to your own point, it's not like you're saying, you know what guys, I've got 600,000, you know, $777 of thousand dollars of equity here, I'm gonna sell it and I'm going to travel the world and use that as my nest Egg. Right? That would be a Yes. That's different, but you're holding onto it and you don't seem to have a plan to sell it.


And for that reason, you could look up and really have racked up a lot of debt And you're starting like yeah, I mean you're starting halfway to where you were. You're just making, you have great progress. So keep at it. So I'd get a job but Diana, hold on the line. Kelly's gonna pick up, we're gonna give you Ken Coleman's book and in the book is a get clear assessment. 'cause I want you to get some, some focus on what you love. I think you, I think you have a lot. I mean you have a lot to offer the world. You offered us a lot. So you did. You were fun. I appreciate the call. Diana, thanks to all the guys in the booth. Thank, you, Jade and Thank you America. Listen on the RAMSEY app. Coming up in the next hour, YouTube and podcast ends. Now Hey, you're still here.


What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.