
Welcome to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win in your life, specifically with your money, with your work, and in your relationships alongside George Campbell. I'm Ken Coleman. Thrilled to be with you guys today. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number to jump in. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Alright, let's start it off with Amy in Minneapolis. Amy, How can we help? Well, I am turning 61 in two weeks. Alright, that sounds exciting. Early birthday And I have been good with my money all along and, but I have failed to have a retirement fund and I'm wondering at this point what I can do or so that I can retire maybe at 67.


Alright. Oh, Oh, okay. So we're working with six years to retire And you have zero, George is gonna walk you through this, but just a couple quick questions. You have zero or you have very little, are you, what? What's the real, real here on retire? I have no re I have no retirement fund, but I do have, I have cash and I have no real debt. The only debt I have is about $9,000 that I, I took out a 0% interest loan and did some updates on my house. Okay, sure. Sounds like real debt to me. Well, yeah, that, but other than that I have no debt.


What Kind of cash do you have? About 200,000. And what's that? Sitting in A couple bank accounts. Okay. Just in checking accounts or normal savings accounts, making savings, are they making 0% Savings? No, they're making a little bit, there's a couple of them in, in savings and then some of it's just cash. Okay. So we can get that money invested working for you at least. What is your income About I I do childcare about it. It varies every year, but around like 57, 50 7,000. Okay.


And do you have any pension or anything like that? Any other retirement income we should be aware of? Nope. Okay. I have a life insurance, a small life insurance policy. That's, that's all I have. Okay. And are you living alone? Yes. Alright. Right now my, my 19-year-old is away at college, but I mean, he'll be here when he is not at college. Okay. And are you a homeowner? I own my home, yes. It's paid for no mortgage, It's been paid for, for Yep. No Mortgage. Good. What's that worth? I'm thinking around two 80. Okay.


And what are your monthly expenses? Have you added this up to see, here's my monthly budget, here's what I need to live. Nine monthly expenses are about 1675. Okay, great. So here's some good news. You don't need a lot to survive. Now, I don't know what your retirement plans are. I don't know if you had big dreams, we might need to change that picture based on the reality of where we're at. Right. But based on my math, you're gonna need, you know, and this is not including healthcare, if there's any other needs you have, but you're talking about 20 grand a year is what you're gonna be spending. Okay? So here's the good news. If you put the majority of your savings into the stock market, into a good growth stock mutual fund or an index fund, you would see on average over, you know, the next 20, 30 years in your retirement, 10 to 12% return, which means you put 200 in on average.


Again, not every year you're gonna see 20 grand, another 20 grand. And so that gives me some hope that you're not gonna be out on the street, but we're also not gonna be eating out and going on vacations. This is gonna be a bare bones retirement. Okay. Now, if you could invest a big portion of your income now that you have a paid for house, how much could you invest every month from your income? Could you do, let's say $2,000 Every month? Yes. Probably not. I could probably do a thousand. Well, you told me your expenses are about 1600. You're taking home probably close to 4,000, right?


Yeah, it just depends on the time of the year. During the summer I make a lot more 'cause I have way more children. And then, Well, it can help you fill in the gaps of income. But if you have stable income, you could invest $2,000 every single month from age 61 to 67, you'd likely have around $200,000 sitting in that investment account. Okay? So that is one option on top of the savings you have. Putting that into the market. I also would recommend you sit down with a financial advisor and actually crunch these numbers and they'll walk you through to make sure you're understanding where you're putting this money. I don't want you to do it because George said, or Ken said, I want you to do it because Right. No, Amy understands. And I guess I've always, and that's kind of why I haven't done, I, I just don't understand any of it and I've always been afraid of it and I've watched too much American greed.


So, Well here's, I go, I keep thinking of this line for you. The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The best next time is today. And so I know you're 60 And you feel behind, there's probably some guilt that you could have done more, you should have done more, you should have been investing. But I'm telling you, it's not too late to have some dignity in retirement. But it starts today. We can't have the excuse any longer of, well, I just don't know what I'm doing. Ignorance was bliss until this call. Okay. Yep, I get it. Now let's talk about that, that seasonal income gap. What are you doing in the winter time? What changes that you don't have enough work? I have work. I, I I, I do childcare and so during the summer I get a full house.


I have all the, the kids from school, school aged children. So I have 12 kids all summer long. And then during the winter kids go out to school and I tend to have less. And this year I chose to have a few less because I took my, my first grand baby, I'm watching her and with a baby, it's just a lot more work. And so I've, I've had less children during the years, but I do not, are you getting Paid to watch the baby or is this just grandma stuff? Par. Par partially. Okay, so What would be, No, not a lot. So let's say, just for sake of numbers, okay, let's say that there wasn't a drop off between the summer and the rest of the year.


How much more additional money would you make of over and above the 57,000? What do you think that that number would be? If you just had the same amount of kids all year round? Probably a good another 2030. I don't know. Yeah, so here's, that's the thing I want you to think about. George has done a great job laying out, okay, what you need to do, and here's the deal, that 200,000 is something to build on plus your existing money if you're putting in a thousand dollars a month. But I wanna challenge you to, to just believe what you just said. Let's say, let's round down, let's say you did something to go, okay, I'm gonna be more aggressive in talking about it. There are parents everywhere around you who would much rather have their child with you.


It's probably even more affordable than what they're looking at in the marketplace. There's no shortage of children who need to be watched. So with a little bit of aggression, more intentionality, letting people know, let's say you were able to make an additional $20,000 a year over the next six years. Okay? Yep. That's a lot of money. George, coming back to your calculator, she can now put two, maybe three grand a month away and all of a sudden Changes your retirement drastically, it changes it. And you might need to work until 70. That's right. You know, you get to retire when the numbers say you do not when you just decide. And so jump on a Ramsey Solutions dot com, get in touch with a SmartVestor pro, they can walk you through the investing portion and this is gonna take work.


And you gotta remember, inflation's gonna be, that's gonna be kicking your retirement in the pants. So you gotta get on top of this thing and start investing instead of just saving. But, but George and I are both, we really believe, Amy, you can do this. I I think this is extra income and I do think this is tightening of the expenses as well. And you can get there. Alright, quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Taking care of your health doesn't have to cost a Fortune. That's why Field of Greens is in my house. Field of Greens is made from fruits and veggies selected by doctors to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism. And here's the best part. They're so confident your doctor will notice your improved health. They offer a money back guarantee, no questions asked. Try today and get 15% off at Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY promo code RAMSEY Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY.


Welcome back America. Thrilled to have you with us alongside the incomparable and the, the very, very sharp dressed man. George Campbell. I'm Ken Coleman. So kind Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Taking your money questions and your income questions. So George is our money act money resident. I I might pipe in. I've been known to do it. You've Got a lot of great thoughts, but I'm more in the win with the income, right? Are we winning at work so that we have the opportunity to make more money. So if, if you're feeling stuck professionally, we're gonna equate that to our financial situation. So I'm here to help on that as well. Ken Will help you afford eggs. That's right. That's the goal today. Have you noticed, Do you A lot of eggs?


I went out and bought eggs last night. All right. And I was shocked. I told the cashier, I said, I thought egg prices were supposed to be jacked up. This is a reasonable price. I even opted for the pasture raised. Did you? I really went all out. You went, you went, you went high. $4 and 99 cents. Yeah. Very reasonable. Yeah, the Cost of eggs are actually moving up. So we'll see what happens. But they're really good for you. Let's go to Jason in Houston, Texas. Jason, How can we help today? Hey guys, how are you? Oh, we're having fun. What's going on? Yeah, so I, I wanna be, try to be succinct and not really reveal too much, but as much as I can what do Personal, But yeah, what, what do we need to know here? Do we need to be careful on how we ask follow up questions?


I'm beginning to think your real name isn't Jason. Oh, Maybe It's not anything you need to ask. Okay. Basically, me and my fiance are getting married. We're just doing a one-on-one ceremony, me and her in the, in the about a month. And we had decided to fund this ourselves and our budget was around 10 to $12,000. In the initial discussions I was gonna bring x amount of money, she was gonna bring a significant portion. So I was gonna bring around $2,500. She was gonna cover the rest. When we had this discussion, when we planned this, I had decided, or excuse me, I had budgeted based on projected income for the month of January and how much margin I would have on my budget that did not come to fruition.


And it's created a strain because I'm not able to contribute the portion that I thought I would be able to. I'm in a very tight budget right now. I will follow that up with I am bringing debt into this marriage from the second we'd even discussed marriage. She's had a full look into my finances. She sees what I spend, there's no nothing hidden. And we have agreed that when we combine our finances, when we get married, that we're gonna do the marriage, we plan to bring the debt to attack the debt that I'm bringing into the marriage. So a couple things. There is a lot of shame and guilt on my end too. Sure. And on her end, I think there might be some, not necessarily resentment building, but I don't want that to happen.


In, in yesterday. There was kind of some expression of that. And well, Let me ask a, let me ask, let ask a quick question. She's fully aware of your finances and which means she's probably very fully aware of your work and how you get paid. And that sounds like you had no control over this income. So she's disappointed. Yes. But does she understand the circumstances by which the money hasn't come in like you thought it would? Yes. Yes. And that's, that's kind of the question. Alright, second question, second question I thought, and I don't know if George, you heard this, so I'm coming to you, Jason, I thought you started off the call by saying we're having a one-on-one wedding.


Yes sir. We're we're all open. So why is it, why Thousand dollars? Yeah, I don't understand. This was the kind of the dream that she had and what and what we had thought we could budget for. And so there's been deposits placed, airline tickets placed, send money already spent. That would be really hard to sort of bring that and, Okay, so, so hold on a second. Hold on. So she had a vision for a wedding and now we can't afford it. So now we're opting for the one-on-one at the courthouse. Well, no, no, it, it's still affordable. Just the portion that I was supposed to afford is, Is no longer. I don't understand, George, why we, What changes now? 12 grand. Let's say you can't give this 2,500, you can't give a dime.


What changes about this wedding a month from now? What can't we do that we said we were going to do? Well, that's, that's exactly my question. We can do it. And for our conversation last night, the, the sort of thought is just get it done. But I, my question is more relational. I don't want there to be any harbor resentment or doubt from her because I was not able to uphold my end of the bargain. Here's the third question. Is there a pattern of you making a promise, telling her something and then it not coming to fruition? Are you letting her down? Is this the first time Suzanne? As far as I know, absolutely not. No. And, and 100% transparency. No. Have you told her about this yet? Just be honest with her and say, Hey listen.


Yeah, yeah. I was expecting this income. Oh yeah, they Talked about that. So she's al but she expressed some of, you know, disappointment. She was upset about it. And she's obviously pretty, you know, there's a lot of emotion already with planning a wedding and doing this. Even if it's just one-on-one, it's a big life change. And I think this just probably triggered something inside of her going, this man is he gonna be able to provide? Is he gonna be able to be the partner and leader that I need him to be? So it's probably causing some bigger questions in her mind and I think that's worth a second conversation with her. Okay. And it's the shame that I'm feeling as well. And that's, and I guess I'm just curious about how to, how to best approach that Navigate.


So I think that what Ly I can do between now and then to, Okay, So we can't really answer that until we understand what happened. What is the nature of your job or could you share with us briefly the circumstances that led to you not getting paid? What you projected that you might, what happened? Very, Yeah, very easily. I'm a, I do two things. I'm a field inspector and I sell real estate and my field inspection job is my main source of income. I was, I make basically just enough to pay my bills to get by with that. And then real estate, I switched brokerages back to a brokerage that I have been affiliated with before.


So when I made this change, we discussed it and said, Hey, you know, I can either focus my attention at this real estate and see the benefits from that three to six months from now. I've done that before. I know what it looks like, or I can in the immediate, in the next three months, go get a job doing whatever on the side to stack cash for this elopement. And we decided that the first option was, was how I would proceed. There was about a 15, or excuse me, a $2,000 job through this field inspection job that I do, that I was anticipating and told would happened in January. And that money was earmarked for the elopement and that work never came to fruition through the company that I'm working with.


Okay, So you have another month to go, is this wedding in March? Yes, sir. Okay, So you can go do a side gig, you know, one of these, you know, kind of a Instacart, Uber Eats, whatever it is. You can go sign up for one of those and go make 500 bucks a week until the wedding. Okay. And that, that was the reason my thought, Do whatever it takes, I think that'll prove to her that you're serious about. Yeah, I I got it. George. That's a great suggestion, Jason. Honestly, bro, you, you've got some self-belief issues, Okay? So that's gonna need to be dealt with, number one. But the best way to kind of deal with this, you're down in the dumps, dude.


You sound like what? Maybe a balloon that's lost all its air would sound like if it were talking. That's what you sound like. And I'm not making fun of you. I'm saying that's what it sounds like. You sound so deflated, but George is right bro, you can make $2,500 between now and that wedding day and I would start doing it. Okay? Now sell something. If you can't sell something and come up with $300, go sell it for somebody else. Go to all your friends. I mean, I'm telling you bro, like this is your chance to feel good about yourself. I understand why you're deflated, but man, this is an opportunity for you to go, wait a second. I can earn $2,500 between now and wedding day and I'm going to absolutely die trying and I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna find all the ways to do it.


And that's all I'm doing. I'm waking up going, I've got a a, you need a poster board in your bedroom on your mirror looking at some type of a, a thermometer that, that people do like $2,500 or bust. If There's 35 days for the wedding, say I'm gonna make a hundred bucks every day no matter what. Yeah. Come hell or high water. Yeah. So I mean, let's go and then here's the deal and then enter into this, this marriage all in with your wife to be on the baby steps. How can we, let's give 'em a wedding gift, George. What would, what? What should We do? Ooh, I love it. I think financial Peace University for the two of you would be great, along with breaking free from broke for you specifically Jason read the margin is breathing room chapter. I've got 10 ways to make more, 10 ways to spend less.


If you do both of those things, you're gonna find that margin to save up. And I want you to have that next conversation. Not with a MPI attitude, but with optimism. Yeah, with an excitement. With an enthusiasm that she goes, oh my gosh, this is a new Jason. That's right. And tell her I'm gonna come up with a 2,500 bucks babe, don't worry about it. I may not see much of you, but it's gonna be a great wedding. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey everyone, listen, we all have stories. The family and cultural stories that we were born into, the stories of the things that have happened to us, both the good stuff and the challenging stuff. And we have those stories that we constantly tell ourselves. And none of us can go back and change any of our old stories, but the world is waiting to see what each of us is gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new stories that you're gonna write. And I'm not talking about making goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life and the lives of those you love for the better forever. And if you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories and heal from them and begin writing new ones. If you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy And you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist And you can switch at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp, visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/deone.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. Phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Hey, it's time for our question of the day. Brought to you by our good friends of Why Refi. Now, you know, we don't recommend refinancing on everything, but for distressed private student loans, there's Why Refi we trust. Why Refi? Because they help you with a low fixed interest rate that you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and get outta debt. Learn more at Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states. Today's question comes from Felix in North Dakota. Bitcoin has been going through the roof roof recently and it looks like it's becoming more and more of a stable investment.


Do you now recommend it as an investment or do you still believe it's too dangerous of an investment and that people should steer clear of it? Oh, good question. I'm actually interested, excited To what you say about, to clear the air on Bitcoin. 'cause people really wanna know my opinion said no one. Yeah, here's the deal. I've never been anti Bitcoin. We took a call yesterday. Ken young man had every single one of his dollars in Bitcoin, okay? Had nothing in savings, everything in Bitcoin, okay? And he had been doing really well. And he asked us, well, what's wrong with this? And I'm going, you've been alive for four days. So yeah, if you just think this is how it's always gonna be then sure. But you know, we've seen things, we've seen Bitcoin drop 50% in value in 2022.


It's 24 7. It's, there's a lot of fraud and scams around the crypto world right now. It's been on a wild trend up lately. And so you're going, well why invest in the stock market to get a measly 10% when I could get a thousand percent? And so what it really comes down to is what I call the three stooges of wealth, which trips people up, especially young people. It's fear, greed, and pride. So it's the, I'm, I'm so scared. There's the FOMO of I gotta get in this now or else I'm gonna be broke forever. There's the pride of, well I know better. There's a little bit of arrogance there. And then there's the greed of just like, I'm not gonna settle for 12% in a slow way to wealth when I can make it a lot faster.


And so with Bitcoin, it's like investing in any single stock that's been on a wild ride. You know, you see Nvidia going up and then deep seek from China came out and Nvidia takes it and there's all this just gyration and fear in the market of what anything's gonna do. And it's why I recommend diversifying. So it really comes down to diversifying versus Bitcoin equals bad. And it's more that you got all your eggs in one basket. That's too much risk for one person to handle. And so if you wanna invest in Bitcoin, I can't say invest, if you wanna speculate in Bitcoin, put some money in that after you've already invested 15% of your income into retirement, into tax advantage retirement plans, proven mutual funds and index funds, be my guest and use your fund money to do that.


Knowing this is money you could burn on the table. But putting all the chips in on Bitcoin, I'm telling you, I think history is gonna show. That was a very risky move. Now there's Bitcoin billionaires out there who are going, ha ha, and they're laughing from their private islands right now. That could be the case. Well I think it's here, I think, I think there's no question that cryptocurrencies here to stay. So As a technology, the blockchain, It's here. Yeah. And I would say Bitcoin is here. I'm not saying Bitcoin can't fall. I'm not saying I disagree with anything you said. In fact, I agree with everything. I would say to somebody, you know, if you wanna invest in Bitcoin, I would treat it just like we tell people to go sit down with a SmartVestor pro and learn about the strategies so that you understand what you are doing.


But I agree with you that it should be a part of a diversified strategy. Not all eggs in that basket. I agree with that. And that's just smart investing strategy. But I will say this, my, my position on crypto and and Bitcoin early on was, it's risky right now, but there will come a day and I still hold this. And I think Trump by the way, is already rattling his saber on this. Well he's already made a bajillion dollars doing it. He has. So of course he's a fan. I know, but I'm saying you're gonna see this become regulated just like banking, just like the stocks. And I think when it becomes regulated, 'cause it will on some level, some people would take issue with me on that.


And I'm okay with that. I am making any prediction here. But I believe that once it's regulated, I believe it becomes far more stable. I'm not a fan of regulation as a whole, but there is, there needs to be. It's the wild, wild west right now. Yeah, Now I'm with you on that. I think there will be a mutual fund filled with different cryptocurrencies. So Diversification is the answer. I agree with you. I just wanted to add that little 2 cents there that I don't think you should feel like, oh, it's stupid to invest in it. No, I think it's just like any other investment. You gotta do your homework. What level of risk? If you sit down with a good professional, like So we talk about the smart vista pros that are out there, okay? And and we link to them And you can go meet 'em, you talk with any investment professional, one of the first things they're gonna talk to you about is where are you at?


Where in your finances and what's your level of risk? And so I would treat any crypto thing as a high risk thing right now. Yep. And the other piece of this we didn't talk about is that Bitcoin isn't based in anything. When you invest in a mutual fund, it's filled with 90 to 200. That's correct. Stocks of actual companies producing real products and services and real revenue. That's right. You can attribute to that. And therefore, what is it based on? Well, a lot of hype, a lot of what my buddy said, and they're investing so it must be good and well It is a currency. Exactly. It is. You are investing in a an alternative currency and that's the bet. It's like gold.


Absolutely. People that invest in gold, well you're investing in crypto And the last thing I do is I go, what are actual wealthy people doing with their money? And what I found is most of them aren't saying, oh dude, you gotta get in on crypto. They might be dabbling in there with a very, very tiny percent of their world. They're not going all in on it. And so if you wanna know how actual wealthy people invest, Dave RAMSEY will be unpacking that in a two night virtual event called Investing Essentials. I'll be joining him. And here's the deal. We know that if you're following social media, you're gonna get investing advice from a 62nd TikTok reel or Instagram reel that's dangerous. At this virtual event, over two nights, two hours a night, we're gonna walk you through how to maximize your retirement plans, how to choose the right funds, how to get the most out of your money, how to Invest with confidence.


Plus it's the only place you're gonna hear Dave unpacking his personal playbook on real estate investing, which is fascinating stuff. Something he's never done here on the show. This is brand new information. You're gonna get the clarity you need to invest. So join us March 4th and fifth in the comfort of your home. It's completely virtual ticket. Start at 199 bucks, get yours today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Or click the link in the show notes if you're on podcast or YouTube. Alright, Great. Let's go to Alicia, who's joining us in San Antonio, Texas. Alicia, How can we help? Hey, thanks for having me. Sure. What's going on? So my husband and I are trying to get out of debt right now. We have a $26,000 car loan. We wanna get rid of that for an $8,000 2012 minivan.


But we would be rolling over negative equity if we decide to roll over. But Can you just not husband not, why are you trying to go into debt again? Well, that's the thing we're, we're trying to get out of this car loan, What's It worth? But we owe negative equity about four to 6,000. Okay. So it's worth about 22, but my husband 20 or 22. Sorry, what Was that? The car is worth 20 to 22 grand if you sold it today. If we sold it to CarMax today, 22. If we sold it to the dealership about 18, Well why not sell a private party and get 25?


I don't think it would be worth that much. Well, you know CarMax is buying it at 22 and they're gonna sell it for 28. They're buying it at a discount from you. And so you're getting screwed on these kind of trade-in deals and they're gonna try to then sell you on a car you can't afford. Again, I'd rather see you sell it private party, clean it up, sell it on Facebook, marketplace for 25 or 26 and be as little underwater as possible. If not break even. The thing about private party, it just, it just doesn't sound safe and I don't want to screw myself over like selling it private party.


It doesn't sound safe. You mean meeting Strangers to in a the public in daylight, bring someone with you? No, no, no. Not not like that. Like I mean like, like legit. Like they, if I sell it private party, I would have to make sure that Go to the bank with them. Yeah, go to the bank, ask for a cashier's check, go to the bank, have it cashed, they'll verify the funds are there. This Happens all The time. It's worth losing $4,000 over. Do you guys have any money in cash to cover the negative equity? Yes, we Have. Yeah, we have about 3000. Okay. That will clear it. You still don't have the eight for this minivan, So we need to figure out what we're gonna do if that's going to a local credit union to get the difference so that you can get a cheaper car.


But I think we still need to figure out how we get an even cheaper car for now until we can upgrade to the $8,000 minivan. But I would not roll the negative equity bad plan. This is gonna keep you where you're at. Thanks for the call Alicia. You can do this. I've done this so many times over the last couple years. Don't be scared buying cars for my teenagers selling. Alright, quick break. We'll be right back. He's George Campbell. I'm Ken Coleman. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite And you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show, thrilled to have you with US America alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Hey, there's a lot that happens in your mind, in your emotions and just activities when it comes to buying and selling a house. And that leads to feeling paralyzed, feeling overwhelmed. And So we created Ramsey's Real Estate home base, right? Just kind of a safe place. What's there at the RAMSEY Real Estate Home Base calculator, start to finish guides, how to articles, a podcast, a book, and even a video course, all with steps that you can take to navigate the buying or selling process.


So if you're ready to take the next step, do it with confidence, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. Or you can click the link in the show notes. If you're watching listening on YouTube or podcast. Let's go to Ottawa, Canada now. Sue is there. Sue, How can we help? Hello? Hello, how are you Sue? Hi, thank you. I'm good. Thank you for taking the call. Sure. I'm calling from Canada Ottawa, so I have couple of collections. I think it's seven. Yeah, I have seven different collections. Three of mine, four, no, four is mine and three from my husband. Are you talking about collections?


Yep, we are in collections right now. Okay, gotcha. And the amount is not too much, it's, it's around 40 $14,000. Okay. Each around $2,000. And so last month my husband start working full time. We are new in Canada, we came as a refugee and first three years we didn't speak English. So all three years we were just educating ourself to speak English to get Where are you guys from? A better life here we're from Turkey. Wow, okay. Yeah. So first three years we got an English course from college. So we had osap like student loan, but it wasn't the best course because it was an academic course, but we didn't even speak English.


It didn't help us. It didn't help you actually get a career? No, we, it wasn't for career, it was just to learn English. But we choose, we choose the wrong option to be honest. Okay. Instead of free English courses, we chose to go to college and we couldn't finish the course because it was a heavy academic English course and we didn't e Even speak English. Couldn't understand it enough. No, nothing. So, so our community, our Turkish community gave us a, a bed advice and they told us we have to get two cars on loan. Oh my goodness. To Uber and the Uber during those times, that's what we did.


And everything went even worse. So I sold my car and my husband finished her loan This month. Yeah, this was the last month. Okay. And during that time we find a free PSW course from government from, we take that course first me, and then I start working and then my husband. So last three years we were just having one income coming in the home. So we just avoid all the debt. Okay, good. And this month my husband start getting his salary, our income is doubled. I'm earning around 23,500 and he earns around $4,000. This is the money comes to our account. This is per, this is per month.


That's your take home pay after taxes get taken out. Yes. Wonderful. Per month. So you're making $7,500 take home every month? Yes. And our, how do you say outcome? No income expense. Our expenses are around $2,500. But also the food, So we can say 35. Okay. So 3,500 a month. And that means you should have $4,000 left over if you're doing a written budget, which is just a plan for your money where you go income minus expenses, here's EveryDollar, we're gonna spend It looks like it, like this was the first month we got the money, So we decide to start paying everything and fix the five years mistakes.


We did it, but when I called the collection agency, they told me that I have to pay it in full amount today and the next seller will come next Friday. And I have to wait. So they told me that I have to call a debt consolidation company. No, They will pay. Don't listen to that. Don't listen them. They're lying to your face. They're trying to bully you into paying. You don't have to do anything. So I told them that I will pay it in six months, the whole seven collections. But they all want me to pay this month. They keep calling me 10 times a day. I'm I'm, it's killing me right now. So we, we decided to talk with the debt recovery agency just to learn what is that?


And they made resettlements all the debts and they said that now it's 10,000. They sent us the paper, thank God we know English now. So we can read it and it says that we will pay back 26. Like Yeah, these companie are scammy Thousand dollars back. They're scamming you Unbelievable amount. Yeah. So we said no, but now since yesterday, my phone is like, they keep calling me because they got my numbers don't Answer Every single agency. So, and every time I call them, They're trying to pressure you to get, get so stressed that you'll do anything it takes. Yes. Even taking on debt consolidation, Sue, don't answer the calls. You talk to one person in a supervisor role at all these different places to say, we are going to pay you back.


And, and, and this is when I'm gonna do it. And you get it in writing. Say Every Friday I'm gonna call you with an update, but don't call me. I will not pick up. Yeah, you don't. But you'll hear from me. You Don't have to answer their call. They are not the law. But they told me that there will be legal in legal in, I can, I don't know that word. Listen, If they wanna take you to court over a $2,000 debt, sell, be my guest, it's gonna cost you more in lawyer fees than it will what I owe you. They are threatening you. So you let 'em know, Hey, I'm trying to pay this off aggressively. Here's my plan, here's what I can do. And when put it, put the ball in your court. Don't let anyone bully you. Don't let them take advantage of you. Don't fall for these debt settlement companies.


Don't fall for debt consolidation. This is on you guys to pay off on your own. And you will do that with your newfound income. This is an amazing blessing. You're gonna have over $4,000 a month to throw at this. You're gonna be done with all this within four months. Think about that. Oh yeah. We, we did a math and it was saying six months. If, if, if we can do it for amazing George Ma George Math says four months you guys are gonna live off nothing. You're gonna grocery shop like just, and just enough rice and beans to where you don't need anything else. You're not gonna buy clothes. We're gonna really look at EveryDollar. We're gonna have full accountability with you and your husband. We're not gonna spend anything. We don't need to for the next four months. Can you do that?


Oh, we, we arguing that last five years, so for sure we can do that. Good. You guys are warriors. You have been through a lot and I'm, I hate that you're getting taken advantage of after being refugees and moving to Canada. You guys have had a lot of life change. It's been really hard and you've been grinding it out, learning a new language, entering this new atmosphere and all the while getting taken advantage of. And we have to also remember we did this to ourselves. So there's a personal responsibility of Yeah, we chose to go into debt, we chose to put ourselves in this position. Yeah, but you guys are getting outta this, The, the, the biggest problem, one of the biggest problem, we have one debt in collection, it's $75.


Like we, I don't even know how we did that. I I can't understand. I mean, it's just $75. We didn't see it. We didn't know. We'll get verification online. Say, Hey, I need, I need written verification of all of these debts before I Oh, pay a Penny. They send us. Yeah, they send us, we really have that on one of the credit cards. We just didn't know how to use online system. We thought we pay it. It was four years ago. So now what they're telling me is it's not just about money. If I pay all these debts, my credit score will be still same. So I have to do this loan to get my No Again, no Sue, it's not true. No, no. The this is all they're doing is using tactics to try to get as much money out of you as fast as they can.


But they have no Yeah. They're not gonna sue you. They don't wanna do that. This is a tactic. So you being, I mean, is there anything, any money that you have that you could pay some of this stuff off today? Any just that'll get 'em off your back if you just pay something. Not all of it. Yeah. But something, George, I mean I know we got the snowball I Corrections yesterday. The, the minimum ones, the $75 and $660 ones I paid yesterday. Okay. It was a big relief. It was a good start. Good. And get written confirmation. I have everything. Get written confirmation and don't give them any access to your checking account. Yeah, Yeah. That's the key here. And once you do that And you put the ball in your court, you're gonna feel a sense of relief and confidence you're gonna get out of this.


But do not let anyone bully you any longer. We're done with that. Yeah. And it's really important when you, you get you, you use the right word. What would you do if you were on a playground right now and somebody started bullying you being an adult, knowing what you know, you know what you do. You'd go knock this, knock this off, knock it off. What are we doing? This is the dumbest thing I've ever, this is stupid. You're not gonna punch me. Get outta my face. And you've gotta do that with these collections folks. You're the worst. All right, Sue, we're rooting for you. This is The Ramsey Show. Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices.


Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in ml s consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7. Welcome to The Ramsey Show America, where we help you win with your money, win in your profession, and win with your relationships. The phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5.


Thrilled to be alongside my pal, the smartly attired and wow. And well equipped financial guru. He is the one the only, that's impressive. George Kamel with a K. Make sure you it right. I'm related to be with you Ken. Elated. You're elated. That's a good word. Let's see if we can keep that going. Looks like we're going to Ken in Denver, Colorado. Oh, there's a lot of Ken right now. Ken, How can we help? Hey guys, can you guys hear me okay? Yeah. You didn't acknowledge the Ken Energy joke at all. Just went right over your head. Not interested. I I I did. I guess I'm processing how much Ken is in the room.


I guess so, But So basically my, basically my question is, so right now I feel really stuck Okay. In my career. My wife and I are in the middle of baby steps two. So we How much Do you have left? So we, I have to get through that. We've got about 50 grand left. Okay. So we're plugging away right now. I feel like looking to change careers to find something that I have a growth plan on. Okay. And my job currently, I feel like I've hit the ceiling Okay. Without having to move away. Okay. What from where I'm, tell us tell us what you do.


So I work for my state agency. I am a equipment trainer. Basically I help new employees attain their CDL license and help with other heavy equipment. Okay, Gotcha. And what do you make? So right now I make 57 a year. Okay. All right. Well let me just tell you the reason you feel stuck and that you've hit a lid is because you have nothing against state employees. I, I have been criticized before. When I say state government is, is kind of a dead end. And it is, it's not because I think it's bad, it's because it is. And I used to work for the governor of Virginia, so geez.


People when I say facts, understand what I'm saying and Ken, you can agree you're stuck because it is a state agency and there's only so many wrongs on the ladder. Correct. Right. Alright, great. So you stuck, but the great news about this is it's not because of you, it's because of where you, where do you take all this experience you have up to this point in your career and all the skills you've developed, how do you transfer those to the, let's just say private sector So you don't have to leave the Denver area or surrounding area and, And you can go, okay, I can step in and, and I got a not only chance to make more money, but I've got a ladder of growth.


So what does that look like? If I were to just say to you, Ken, based on your skill and experience to this point, what would be the low hanging fruit or the obvious choices to at least kick the tires on? I mean, for me it would have, it would involve some type of teach teaching, whether it's adult teaching, whether they're working within a organiz company that needs someone to help train new employees on their processes. Great. Because that's what I do. And that's one thing I love about my job. It's not that, you know, I love what I do, I have a great job, but just Yeah. You know, And you just have no, you have no room for advancement and that is a depressing place to be.


Right. The only room for our advancement at all would be supervising and I would not be doing what I, what I got. Exactly. So you exchange a little bit of extra money for doing something you don't enjoy. So you've already nailed it. Great. So I love this. So we want to write down, if we, if you and I were in a room with a whiteboard, I would write down training slash instructing. That's, if we can get a gig where you spend the majority of your day training or instructing, you're gonna be a pretty, pretty satisfied fellow, right? Yeah. Alright. Yeah. So we start there. So now we start to look in the, in the in and around Denver. We go, okay, what are anything that's got, you know, the word trainer instructor in it.


I mean, this could be across the board, lot of different industries. You, you acknowledge that? Yeah. Well, so I'm not from the Denver area. That's the closest big town. So I'm like from like southwest Kansas. So, oh yeah. Okay. Take everything I just said and just delete the word Denver. But the point is, is you're looking in your area, let's say a 30 mile radius, right? Yeah. Let's look. And so you've gotta see what's out there and see what is transferable for you. And I would tell you that your skillset and your experience is transferrable to probably a lot of different places. And so the story of the narrative is great too.


Ken, why are you considering leaving your current job? I love it. I love the work, but I'm in state government and so there's very little opportunity for advancement. The only advancement would be into a role that's not doing this. And so I, I'm ready to move into the private sector. That's a great answer, George. Isn't that a great answer? Absolutely. Does that sound flaky? No. And and it also sounds impressive. You've been trained by the state and So we got some credibility there. You got a long track record, good performance reviews, correct? Yeah, Let's go. That's what you're looking for. Now I wanted to jump in right away, but now I wanna Give you a chance to ask any questions a, around what I've said because that's what I wanted you to hear right outta the gate.


That's where you would start. I'm not saying you're limited to what advice I just gave, but you would certainly start there. Okay. So what questions do you have that we've not answered? Well, so my other, an I guess part of the question would be during us going through baby step two, would that be the good time to switch careers? Sure. As long as there's no interruption of income. Okay. If it's gonna mean going back to school and not working and going to $0, then no. But you know, if this is something where you could do this on the side, get the training you need and do it on top of or make that instead of a leap. It's just a, a a little jump then we're talking.


Yeah. And then what's your wife's income? So my wife is a teacher, so she gets about 47,000 a year. Okay. So you guys are making about one 10 gross per year? Yeah. About And on the current trajectory, how long will it take to get outta debt from here? Last I checked, it'll take us a little bit over a year. 'cause we, I worked a side, I guess you'd call it a side hustle as an interim pastor. Okay. So, so we're able to put most of that to the debt. So we're able to probably be able to get that done in just over a Year. So I would continue to do that as a side hustle, do as much of it as you can, figure out what training is needed to move into the private sector, if any, and then pursue that.


You know, all that at the same time as you get outta debt. Okay. It sounds like you, you have, you know what you need to do. It's just the confidence of going, should I make this, this move into maybe the private sector? Yeah, absolutely. You got a few years of experience at this job, right? Yeah, I got about three and a half at this position. I've been at the state for about 11 years now. Okay. Yeah. You're just doing a search for, for training instruction, instructor work and seeing what all is out there. And I, I, I think there might be some contract work you could pick up right now before you even decide what's the next full-time move. That's what I would be looking for just to get momentum and baby step two.


But here's the deal, you're gonna be okay. Yes, you can make the transition, but you make the transition when you step off of one boat right onto the next boat. All right. No jumping out in the water. Alright. Sounds great. Yeah. Yeah. You got this Ken, let's go man. I need some GY outta you. I'll Give you the last word. All right, thanks guys. Are you confident? Are you confident now? I'll get in There. Alright, my man. He needed a little kin energy. George's all you Need sometimes. Yeah, I think that's my allotment for saying that word. Yeah, we're done. Notice I stopped. No, it's, I think that's like three or four times. It's too much. This is The Ramsey Show.


Have you gotten one of those texts recently claiming to be the USPS with some sketchy link to update your address. It's annoying and a little terrifying And you probably think to yourself, I should do something about this. But where do you even start? Well, as your nerdy friend who does the research for you, I found the solution. They're called Deleteme. And here's the reason they come in the clutch. The internet is packed with data brokers, which are these shady companies whose sole purpose is to collect your personal info and sell it for a profit. Enter Deleteme. Deleteme Swoops in finds your info on these sites and removes it on your behalf. They even send you a report with all the details. And so far for me personally, they have reviewed 27,000 listings, removed my info from 240 data brokers and saved me 66 hours in the process. I trust Deleteme to help protect my family, and I trust them to help you too. You're gonna get fewer spam texts, fewer phishing emails, and fewer creepy robo calls. And Deleteme also makes a great gift for other people in your life that you care about. Individual plans start at just $9 a month. So take an easy step to protect yourself and your loved ones today. And as a RAMSEY fan, you'll get an extra 20% off any of their plans at join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


It's that time again folks. Tax season is here. I know some of you would rather bury your head in the sand until April 15th than face your taxes. But here's a better idea. If your tax situation is complicated, get in touch with a RAMSEY Trusted Tax Pro today. That way they can take the stress off your shoulders and once those tax forms come in and teach you how to keep your tax bill as low as possible, but don't wait. RAMSEY Trusted Pros can book up fast. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Tax Pro to find one who serves your area with excellence. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled that you are with us alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. The phone number ISS Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Let's go to Austin, Texas. And Jake is waiting for us there. Jake, how are you? Good. How are you Doing? Oh, we're having a good time. We can't hear you real well. Gimme another little sound check there. Hello? Can you hear me now? Oh yeah. Oh, There We go. I don't know what you did. The flick of the wrist, man. Nice move. Yeah. Oh, Austin. Well, thank y'all so much for having me. Quick question. I am just curious. My financial advisor is recommending that I open a whole life plus 100 life insurance policy.


Oh, of course. And so I would just love y'all's wisdom and input on that. Well, here's the simple wisdom. Fire them. Okay. You don't Have a financial advisor, you have an insurance salesman posing as a financial advisor. Yeah. So I guess the, the situation is they are recommending to open this to supplement income if the market is down. No, No. We know all this, Jake. We, We know how the scam works. We're just telling you it's a scam. Yeah. So saving you a little bit of time. Anything you tell us that they told you we've heard. Yeah. So George is feisty today. Very feisty. I just hate Jake. I believe you ate Jake left. No crumbs.


Is that what the kids Say? Yeah. Yes. Eight and left. No crumbs. Thank you for that. Yeah. Here's the deal. I'm trying folks. I'm really trying. I hate nothing more than when people get ripped off. And I'm glad you're catching this before you jumped into it. And we have to tell you, cancel the whole life policy and fire your financial advisor. And so I understand what they're telling you. Here's the key. Any good financial advisor would tell you you should not mix insurance and investing. If you wanna invest, be my guest. If you want insurance, get you some term life insurance. But you should not mix the two. It's a very crappy product. Just the internal cost of this thing could implode eventually because of how expensive it is and how high the commissions are for the insurance agent.


And so they don't have your best interest at heart. That's the bottom line. And any financial advisor who's worth their salt would tell you, oh, Jake does not need whole life insurance. He needs to invest in x, y, z fund. And so they should be, I, I don't know where you found this person. Is this an old buddy of yours? It's mutual. One of their like sister companies. Okay. I would, I would say no thank you. And I'm gonna actually pause and I'll, I'll circle back at when the time comes and then just never circle back. You do it as politely as you need to. That's, and if you want a trustworthy financial advisor, jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Trusted Pros.


And I, I can guarantee you they're never gonna be pitching you whole life insurance. You Just gave me a great idea for a segment that James will never approve. Hit me, pitch it. We could do old school shock jock kind of radio, but nothing shocking. And we would just, the part beyond with Jake. Oh listen, hear me out. Okay. We would be on with Jake right now and we would have James and the fancy, you know, they're all smart back there and they could dial up this guy's advisor. Oh, we hear a lot. And the guy and the guy answers Jake's on the call. We're over here. And Jake goes, Hey, so and so, listen, I'm getting back to you on the proposal. I got a couple guys with me on here, And you and I now jump in and we go, Hey, so and so.


It's, it's Ken and George from The Ramsey Show and we just had a great talk with Jake, and Jake has authorized us to say this to you. No thanks. And we hang up the phone. That's it. We do it for him. It's not ugly. Yeah. It's not unkind, I'm sure. But you just said no thanks. And I like it's no thanks. I'm down, Ken. I'm down. Let's do it. Do you Like that? I love it. It's not unkind and we're not trying to be rude, but it's a kind of, you're fired, but it's like, by the way, you're on The Ramsey Show. And, and no thanks. I'm just impressed James, like, one of your ideas. You know how rare that is. Well, that's to be fair to James, my ideas are not necessarily very easy for him To, like, Ken's eaten food on the show several times. That's true. So I'm pretty, pretty sure I don't turn down Ken's ideas that much.


I know. I'm actually making James out to be He's very nice. He's one of the nicest people on the plate. So pleasant. No, IIII thought it was fun, James. I really didn't think it was a serious pitch. But if we could do that, I do think it would be entertaining. 'cause here's why, here's why I'm saying this. Jake calls, here's what's going on. How many times do we get that call in a given month about whole life? Probably five, five or six at least. But This is an industry that still thrives. Yes. They're still out there. And boy, if you've ever heard Dave talk about whole life, holy smokes. I mean, when we, we get a real nice about it. Oh my gosh. When he calls, I put a helmet on and when Calls hurt Dave as a child, there's that level of anger and trauma involved.


Anyway, no thanks Jake. George gave you I like those very kind because you're a classy guy. Yeah, I don't, I don't wanna a jerk. No, Thanks. That's our new thing. No, thanks. Kathleen is up next in Chicago. Kathleen, How can we help? Hi, I am. Thank you for taking one my call. By the way. I am currently living with my daughter while I'm looking to buy a house. And what I've been looking at, I, it feels like the prices are way high for what the houses are. And You're breaking up on us, Kathleen, directly into Your phone. I don't know if you're in a bad cell zone, but we can't hear you. Oh, Let me come closer to the window.


I'm by the window. Can you hear me now? I Was gonna suggest that, but I didn't wanna be too bold. So you feel like house prices are very high right now And you wanna buy a house? What's the question? The question is, should I go ahead and throw all my money into the house, or should I hold off And wait for a housing bubble if there is in fact, one to birth while we recover with our energy production and reduce regulations? Wow. You're very trusting and Well, Kathleen, lemme tell you what Kathleen is, Kathleen is paying attention to the headlines, aren't you Kathleen? You're in the news. Oh, well I'm watching it for sure.


I know that's where that comes from. George, tell her about the bubble. The i the bubble. We, we talked about this when, last time this came up, which was around kind of post covid, everyone's freaking out. And we did a whole real estate event talking about, hey, there's not gonna be this market crash. It's not gonna be 2008 all over again. And there's a lot of reasons for that. We covered it in the event the TLDR on this is, I would not wait. I would not sit on the sidelines waiting, hoping for some bubble. And here's, here's how I know that if mortgage interest rates go down, what's going to happen? It's gonna cause more buyers to flood the market, right? Correct. Correct. What happens when more buyers flood the market Prices don't go down. They go. They go up. Exactly.


Right. Right. And, and so I don't see a drastic change in home prices. We've seen a little fluctuation here and there, and I, I think you're gonna look back six years from now and go, oh my gosh, why did I wait? That house that was 600 is now seven 50. And so the right time to buy a house is when you're financially ready. And so when you said I put all my money, what does that, what does that entail? Well, I, I shouldn't say all my money. I have, I'm retired and I have my retirement investments and that's set aside, but to not be touched. Okay. But this is money that I have from when I sold my last house. Okay. How much are we talking? We're talking 3 50, 3 50,000.


And how much is the house that you would like to buy? I'd like to buy a house for 350,000, but they, they are not looking like anything. I can actually live in over the long course. I want something that I retire that I can age in, age in Place. Okay. So what would that cost Cost? Is it 400, 4 5500? Yeah. It, it's, look, it's looking like to, to touch it, it's 400. Okay. So let's say you took out a $50,000 loan. Could you afford the payment on that with your retirement income where it's, where it's 25% or less of your take home pay? I believe so, yes. Then I would do it and I would pay it off. And in a few years it'll be gone.


I mean, most people have car loans bigger than that. And so taking on 50 grand to get into a house now before it becomes a $500,000 house, four years from now, I'm gonna do that. I agree. So you don't have a moving target on your hands. I agree. That's a smart play. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. That's the, the lesson of inflation. And you wonder, well, okay, which side should I be on the inflation or the bubble first? Yeah. I just, I don't have a crystal ball and so I live my life, like I'm getting control of what I'm in control of and I hope they change the regulations and that we're flooded with more supply in the market and that helps home the housing market as a whole. Yeah, but I don't, I don't put a feather in my hat. Put that, no. I gotta live my life. Yeah. And Kathleen, here's, this is a little extra advice you didn't ask for.


I'd look at your cell phone carrier. I might switch carriers. That's a good call. I don't wanna, you don't wanna be near the window all the time. You deserve better cell signal in retirement. That's All I'm saying. I agree. You don't wanna have to be stuck in one place of the house just to make a good call. So I think you deserve better. I'm not calling out. We, we Need to look into wifi calling on the show. Is that a thing, James? Maybe. I gotta look into it. He's gonna look into it. We, we Put, we've, we, we, we've pushed way too much. We, we need to settle down. Hey, quick break. Don't go anywhere. People are lining up. It's to get coached up. You don't wanna miss it. This is The Ramsey Show. For Free Tools and resources to help you reach your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or click the link in the show notes.


You know, every year I hear the same excuses for why people don't get the life insurance they need to protect their families. So this year let's clear the air and look at the facts. Most people are concerned about price, but term life rates have never been lower. Having 10 to 12 times your income on a 15 or 20 year plan is in many cases just plain cheap. Second, life insurance through your work is not enough, especially since these plans go away. If you change jobs, you need to have your own policy so you're not without protection when your family really needs it. Third, stay at home. Parents need life insurance, especially those with young kids. People don't realize how quickly the call sat up without someone at home taking care of things.


So no more excuses, folks. Get the protection your family needs. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. They've been my choice for all my insurance for over 25 years and are the only people I trust. Hey guys, I've got a big announcement. George Kamel and I are bringing back investing essentials, our two night virtual event, deep diving into investing and real estate learn step by step, how to get the most out of your 401k mutual funds and real estate investments because there's no better time to get the clarity you need to Invest with confidence. Watch live on March 4th and fifth.


Get tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Welcome back America. You're joining the conversation about you, your life, how to win with your money, winning your profession, win with your relationships here on The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. Phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's go to Detroit. And William is there. William, How can we help? Hey, how's it going guys? We're having a blast. How can we help? Yeah, so I, I'll get right to the point. So me and my wife, first off, huge fans of the show.


We've been doing the baby steps for about a month now. We're totally sold out, changed our life, changed everything about us, but awesome. I guess the, yeah, the issue, the issue that I, that we're having is we've been attending a church for about 10 years. 10, 11 years. I can't, I don't, somewhere around there and well, our pastor isn't aligned with this viewpoint of debt that we now have. And we're just, we're just wondering how to navigate that because like I said, it's changed, it's changed everything about our life. So I When You say he is not aligned, is he, is he from the pulpit talked about debt?


Let me think from the pulpit. No, but I, you know, I, you know, I close relationship with him. I know his viewpoints. Okay. And, and the way, you know, the, the church structure is, and I'm not hating him. I love the guy. He is done so much for me, but I, you know, it's, it's mentally, it's mentally straining. You know, his mentality is you'll always have debt. Debt's a part of life. Right. Wow. Has he read, is a book out there, it's called the Bible? Has he looked into that? Yeah. Okay. How does he reconcile? You know, Proverbs 22, 7, the borrower, slave to the lender. Yeah. Like I said, I, I don't think he's, I, I don't, you know, I don't think he's preached a message on, on debt or, or use that passage.


I think, you know, he just, you know, he looked And, you know, everybody, you know, just like everybody else, you know, looks at the world we live in and, you know, everybody uses debt. You know, they think they leverage debt or whatever. Okay. Lemme throw another one at you. Be not conformed. You know, that one, to the pattern of this world be renewed by the, does that not ring a bell for him either, that we shouldn't conform to culture and the stupidity of it? No, I, I, I totally get what you're saying. Okay. I'm a pastor. I don't have a theological basis for this. These are just like, just spit balling. Ken, listen, you're dropping scripture, George, there's no shame in your game. I, here's my question. So William and the pastor is not, you're not calling because the pastor is preaching this and trying to lead the flock and all this.


He's not anti you and your wife being a part of the baby steps and, and FPU and all that stuff. It's just when you guys are having conversation, you're kind of on fire and you're talking about all this, and this is just kind of two dudes talking and he just kind of glibly throws out. Yeah. You know, and, and this kind of just bothers you a little bit. Is that what I'm getting? Yeah. Because it's different than a friend. You know, he is my pastor and I love the guy. Yeah. But Here's my question. What is your question for us? Yeah. I don't, you know, it's so for me, me and my wife now, this is this, this has become part of our doctrine, you know, for me, because I've struggled for so many years when, when me and my wife got married, ever since we got married, debt has been such a huge thing for us.


It's, it's kept me up at night. Right. You know, everything you guys talk about. Right. And then we started the baby steps and there's peace now. Right. And but to be in a position where you don't feel comfortable to talk with someone, you know, you respect because you know their response. It's just, it's mentally draining. Got It. So are you having this conversation all the time with him? No. No. That's, that's the thing. Like I said, we just started, I haven't really brought it up to him. Yeah. I don't know. It's just, Okay, so here's what I'm trying to get at. So William, I feel, I feel you, I understand what you're saying. However, I think you've got this thing worked up really big in your mind. And I think it's actually not that big a deal. And here's what I mean.


If this, if his view on debt as your pastor is, is got you to a place where you just are uncomfortable with him on other issues, it's time for you to go find another church. However, I wanna point out that as a pastor's kid, that you, you have to decide what is it, what does that relationship look like? What do I want it to look like? And is this something that is worthy of me leaving the church? And if it is, fine, that is your prerogative. I got zero problem with it. But if you can still sit under his preaching And you feel like he's leading the church in a fiscally responsible way.


'cause a lot of churches, here's the other not so secret, secret. There's a lot of churches out there that have debt and use debt and they pay it off and they use it to build buildings and, and everything else. So I'm not quite sure. You don't really have a question for us. You're just kinda going, what do you guys think? And, and so what I think is, is that if this is a stumbling block for you, another scripture, and he is a stumbling block for you, then remove yourself out of the path of the stumbling block. He doesn't think he's stumbling block, so you're not gonna change his views on debt. And this is a guy that knows all that scripture. He knows it backwards forwards, most likely. I hope so. And he's glib about it.


So don't let this be a de a distress to you. It shouldn't be. You're given that way too much power, George. Right? Yeah. I'm with you on that. I'm not saying, Hey, you need to leave the church tomorrow. I'm saying if you can't deal with the incongruency And you also don't trust his leadership anymore, then I think that's gonna weigh on you. Just like it wouldn't a career if you don't trust your leadership, you think there's a lack of integrity there. Yeah. It doesn't align with your values. Eventually that's gonna eat away at your soul. And so I'm telling you that would be a reason to leave. But if you're like, Hey, good guy theologically sound, we disagree on, on debt as a tool. All right. That's a different situation. Yeah. Yeah. But True. There's a piece this Ken and my church we inherited.


There was a church merger. They inherited $7 million of debt. Yeah. And they, they looked up and said, we are giving a million dollars in interest to lenders Yeah. Every single year. Yeah. What if we aggressively attack this as a church and we freed up that million dollars to do the work of the church. Yeah. And that's exactly what they did. Yeah. And now they're be, they're able to fund ministries and new projects and they're building, you know, centers for recovery and they have a, a whole ministry for, for single parents to fund car repairs and furnish cars for them. That's the kind of stuff you can do when you're dead free instead of, well, we gotta make payments. So that's what your Right, your tithes are going to kids. Yeah. And I I, this is a relational issue and I wanna hang out here for just a second, George.


'cause I think this is important and I think I, I wanna help William if as best we can, but I have very good friends, George, I mean, very good friends. I love being with these friends, but we don't agree on some stuff. I mean, like the kind of stuff that's like big stuff. And if we were to constantly talk about that, it would create a real tension. But I have found we don't need to talk about it because here's what I know, they have thought and decided a long time ago, this is what they think about this particular Issue.


This is their worldview on this issue. That's right. So have I, and I'm not changing it, and neither are they. Everybody's aware we didn't sit down and have this conversation the way I'm laying it out. But we just kind of know that, you know what, There's, there's sort of an unspoken boundary there. We kind of know where we are and because we value being around each other, we just steer clear of that particular topic. And the relationship is one of my, it's one of my favorite friends. I, so I, I just gotta tell you, I I, I appreciate William, but there's this crusader mentality. We have it here in the building. And when people's lives are changed by the baby steps in this philosophy, you want to share that good news.


It's the same as somebody coming to faith. Maybe they were an agnostic or, or an atheist. And their life is transformed literally by this good news. And what do they wanna do? They wanna share it everywhere. Why don't you get this? Why, why don't you get this? And, and not everybody gets the baby steps. Not everybody thinks it even matters. And it feels like this is way, so it's, it's this real weird deal deal for William and a lot of us when we are so passionate and convicted about something that has transformed us. Mm. So here's the deal. Not everybody's gonna get it. And that's not up to you. Yeah. Well, you just gave me a light bulb moment. I think William should lead a financial peace university class in the church, start a ground swell movement of people going, Hey, we became debt free in our personal life.


What's going on with the church? What if we could become debt free as a church? What could we do? And the pastor's probably not gonna be against that. The pastor just goes, oh, my personal life, I don't mind carrying this and I don't mind this. And you know, I I, I get it. It's a tough situation. But you don't have to lose relationships over some of this stuff is my point. Do you, I mean, you do you, it's hard enough to live your life, you know, trying to live someone else's. Ay, yay. I don't know. So anyway, food for thought. Thanks William for the call. You're a good man. Quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


I still remember 10 years ago, 23 years old, I was frustrated, anxious, and flat broke. I had followed all the ways that toxic money culture had led me down from well-meaning parents and misguided guidance counselors. And it left me with a pile of debt. But I'm telling you it doesn't have to stay that way over a decade. I went from broke to millionaire and I break it all down in my new book, breaking Free From Broke, I'm gonna show you just how toxic this money system is and how you can break free from credit scores and credit cards and student loans and auto loans and investing traps. And finally live a life that you're not exhausted by a life with more margin, more options, and more peace. If you wanna check out the book, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to get your copy of breaking free from broke. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman, so glad you're with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Our Ramsey Network app question is from Derek today. Derek w writes, my new year's resolution is to max out my Roth. IRA contribution. I'm 30 years old and I wanna know if it's best to contribute to a target date index fund that will automatically adjust risk as I age. Or should I just invest in an s and p 500 index fund? Great. Nerdy question from our friend Derek. He in The weeds, he has been Doing the research. Yes, He Has.


Okay, so I'll Give you, I'll Give you one man's take on this. I am personally not a fan of target date funds. And here's what they do. They start out with mostly equities, right? Stocks, and over time they'll start to introduce more bonds into the equation, which will reduce your quote unquote risk, but it also reduces your returns. So think about this, you get to retirement age at 60 And you could make it to 90. So for the next 30 years, you've basically stunted the growth of that account to the Point where it Might run out. And so here's my take, and Dave would back me up on this. It's wise to just stay invested heavily in equities. Now if you talk to your financial advisor at 60 And you take into account your risk tolerance and all that, they might go, Hey, let's put you in 20%, 30% bonds, whatever.


But I'm not a fan of target date index funds doing that on your behalf, especially at a, for a young 30-year-old. Yeah. You wanna stay heavily invested in the stock market versus moving towards those bond funds. So yeah, s and p 500 index fund is great. Growth stock mutual funds are great in those retirement accounts. Mutual funds are are awesome. Like you're talking about a taxable brokerage account outside of retirement, that's where the index funds really come in handy because they're low turnover. Yeah. And you'll have lower tax implications on that. So, great question Derek. I'm gonna go with no to the target date fund and yes to staying in the equities, my friend, I'm going with what he said. A lot of nerd Speak.


Well done sir. But you know, a lot of people, you should do this for a living. Well, A lot of people just, they set it and forget it. That's the beauty of target date funds. And you can do worse. It's not a like terrible, terrible thing. Right. But my take is you wanna stay, I wanna keep that 10 to 12% return instead of getting a three, four, 5% return. I agree. In retirement. Couldn't agree more. Let's go to Salt Lake City now where Bridget is joining us. Bridget, How can we help? Hello? Hi. Hi. I'm so excited to talk to you guys. Well that's fun. A Little excitement is shared. I Like that little chuckle little pre-question chuckle there from Bridgette. This is exciting. Bridgette, How can we help? Yes. I have recently become the main breadwinner of our family when my husband retired from the military and now we are looking at how to protect our family's wellbeing in case I become unable to work.


So we have been looking into disability insurance, but we are also pretty sure that I will have at least a couple of exclusions from coverage. So we are wondering if it's even worse. Is it due to the nature of your career? No, no. It's just preexisting conditions that I have been living with for two decades now. Okay. So you have a pretty good idea that this is, you're gonna eventually have to stop working. Do you have a kind of a timeline? No, not like that. It's, it's like things like hypertension and I have a few spine and stuff like that.


So those are things that if they happen or if they become worse Oh, I see. Are done. Get me disabled. But they may never become acute. Gotcha. Very may. Yeah. Very well might. Okay. Gotcha. Can you purchase this through your, your employer? No. Okay. So if you're gonna go kind of look at the marketplace, have you gotten some quotes yet? I have talked to vendors. Okay. What'd they say? And They're, they're currently, all of my information is in underwriting, but they said that I should probably expect a premium around a hundred dollars a month. That sounds reasonable.


With, With, yeah. I, I was also surprised with, but with all three of my conditions excluded. So if you're unable to work due to those conditions, it won't be covered. Correct. Got it. Yeah, that's a tough one. I mean, your, your goal should be to become self-insured at that point. I would take the disability insurance for a hundred bucks a month and then on top of that, be working those baby steps to become self-insured over time and make sure that you have other insurance in place, like term life policy for example. Do you have that? Yes, but I need to up it. I, I was covered for the little bit that I was making as a stay at home homeschooling mom, but I needed, now that I'm the main Yeah, what do you, A year, Last year I made 71, but I wasn't working full time, so it's probably gonna be more around 90,000 this year.


Awesome. So you're looking at a million dollar policy and some of these you can even do no medical exam completely online. And so, you know, you might be able to, you know, especially if you're just trying to get a little bit more on top of the one that you already have, it's gonna be very affordable. The disability insurance you just mentioned, a hundred bucks a month, very reasonable. Usually it's one to 3% of your annual income and it's gonna cover 60 to 70% of your income should you need to use it. Yeah, they, they told me that I can, Sanders told me that I can probably expect around 3000 a month, which is perfect because it covers our mortgage. Awesome. And then my husband's VA disability and retirement just has to cover our groceries and all of those things, which should be very easily doable.


Yeah. And remember, here's the point of insurance, it's just to transfer risk so that you don't have to shoulder it. So to pay someone a hundred dollars a month, 1200 a year, you do that for 20 years, it's 24 grand over 20 years. Yes. I will happily pay that for the peace of mind knowing that if something should happen, I'm gonna get that 3000 a month for the foreseeable future. And so that's, that's where I'm, is it worth the investment? Absolutely. For the a hundred bucks a month you're paying and for the risk that you're transferring, it's definitely worth it. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you Bridgette for the callate. Great question. Appreciate that. Yeah, not every day you get to talk about disability insurance. That's fair. That's a good point. And RAMSEY, you know, we have, we have ours covered through RAMSEY, so it's a good thing to co check with your employer to see if they already cover it, if they offer it.


Usually it's very affordable through your employer and that's a great way to go. And you saw Xander, she, she went to Xander. You got a great quote there that's very reasonable for a lot of peace of mind as you said. Let's go to Boston, Massachusetts, that area, that's where Georgia Hale's from. Love it. Mike is there. Mike, How can we help? Hey, good afternoon guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. I have recently, sadly, I guess come into some money through an inheritance. My wife and I'S plan is to pay off all of our debts and even with that we, we, we'll have some money left over.


Wow. My my specific question is, we currently have a mortgage that totals about $450,000, three 50 of that is a 20 year mortgage at 2.875%. And we have about 15 years left to pay on that. The other a hundred thousand is a heloc that's about 6% right now. I i, we, we are going to have enough to pay off the HELOC and get the regular, you know, the, the first mortgage down to about $250,000.


Wow. My, my question is, and I've asked a couple folks, I'm getting competing answers, so I'm hoping you guys were a tiebreaker. I have the possibility of refinancing that that two, you know, $250,000 balance to a, a regular mortgage at 6%, but for 10 years. So my, what Would be the point of that to lower the payment? So if I lower the pay, yeah. My payment's currently 3,300 a month. If I refinance, I can get that payment down to about 2,400 a month and then I'll be able to actually put a thousand dollars per month towards the principal alone.


Well, you can just do that on your 20 year mortgage. You can still add more to the principal. It's not gonna change the numbers. It I, well, with my income, I, I wouldn't be able to do that. That's your, what's your take home pay About Every month, Monthly, $10,000. Okay. I think this is reasonable. I would just attack that mortgage with a vengeance. What you can look into is a mortgage recast where they can just recast it without changing the terms, without changing the interest rate. And that can get your payment lower while really accomplishing the same goal. And so I wouldn't refinance at this juncture unless you're gonna ROI on it real quick, Thanks For the call that's command's take.


This is The Ramsey Show.


The right questions are the key to unlock personal and professional potential. That means if you're not where you want to be, you are not asking the right questions. I'm Ken Coleman and this is what my new show front row seat is all about. Over my career, I've had the distinct privilege to interview successful people from all walks of life and to coach over 10,000 professionals who wanted more. What sets successful people apart is a never ending desire to learn and grow. Each week I'll be joined by industry leaders and world class experts to have a conversation about how to get better, move up and lead well in work and life. But the best part of this show is you get to be a part of the conversation. Live in Studio will have a group of professionals just like you, who have the power to ask questions and steer the discussion in real time. It's an opportunity to get real answers to real questions, like how to make the right decisions, have hard conversations, live a balanced life, and discover your Next Steps to grow. Join us every Tuesday for conversations that are guaranteed to surprise, challenge, and inspire you. Check out front row seat wherever you get your podcasts.