
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Dr. John Delony. Number one bestselling author, host of The Dr. John Delony Show on the Ramsey Network, one of our big hits. And Ramsey personality. He's my co-host today. Jen is with, Jen is with us in Seattle. Hi Jen. How are you? Hi. I'm good, Thank you. What's up? Hey, so I wanna know, I'm not nuts. You called the wrong two guys for that one.


My husband go for It Is, I think one of the biggest gas lighters I know. And so, you know, there was a, a few years ago I was like, started questioning because he came up, our 20th anniversary was three years ago, and he had withdrawn. We have a joint checking and then it's, and then a, my checking. So we, And we see both. So we, we see what's going in and out and whatever. Anyway. And so in, in the joint checking, most of the money that we get collectively goes in there.


And I started thinking, you know, it doesn't grow. Like it stayed at 28, 29, $30,000 consistently. And I'm like, okay. So then on our anniversary three years ago, he pulled four grand. And I said, Hey, what, what? What'd you do? And he said, oh, I knew you'd noticed that. And oh, I have, we have an anniversary coming up. Our anniversary gets here. And he has a key with a boat float and said, brings me to the pier and says, pier honey, I bought you a boat for your, for our anniversary. And I'm like, oh wow.


So I assume this is a bash boat. It's it's a 28 foot cabin cruiser. Oh my God. At the harbor in a slip. Are you, are you a boating gal? Well, he manages a marine store and he's been involved with boats his whole Life. That's not what I asked. Are you a boating person or is this like me buying my wife a new deer rifle for her? Here, here And there. Here and there. You know, we go kayaking and whatever, and it's like, gosh, I, it always would be nice, you know, I've always said it'd be nice to have like a butts, butts around boat To the round. So you got a $4,000 down payment, a big bunch of payments on a 28 foot cruiser. What's the story?


How can we help Stashed? I found out that he had hidden $15,000 hidden money because I thought, where did this money come from? And I started going through the closet thinking I'm gonna find it. He's got money hidden in here somewhere. And I found 15 grand a year later in Cash. He was 15 in cash. So he's been hiding and being deceitful with cash. Why? And I couldn't, I don't know. What'd you ask him? I confronted him. I confronted him finally. And I said, what the heck's going on? So he said, I thought I was doing something good.


I put money away. And I'm like, but you need to hide in the closet. In the closet in a pouch. That was very well hidden, but I found it. And okay, But so here, the big issue here is you don't believe his answer. No, I don't believe his answer. And when you start popping up with big ticket items and go, look honey, I got this for you. And there's alcohol involved too. There's alcohol abuse. So, so, So I did, lemme say it like this. I have, when I am an anxious guy, and over the course of my marriage when like a major world event is happening, I have told my wife, I would feel comfortable if we had some cash at the house.


Right. And she rolls her eyes and says, okay, And we agree on a number and I go get some cash. 'cause I'm dramatic. But sure the key there is I told her I didn't hide it. You told Her Thank you. And So you is, why is he, why is he deceitful with you? What's the problem? Why is he doing that? I, I have no idea. I Have no idea. Yeah, yeah, you do. You do. Yeah. You do. You have some idea. Well, Well, he has told me in the past that you like to spend money and I'm like, I help my daughter or I help my mom and dad. I don't go buy, I am not a, a close and boutique in person to, And and do you talk to him about those purchases?


Or are you both doing the same thing behind closed doors. Doors. Oh yeah, Yeah. No, no, no, no. Not behind closed doors. Okay, I'll come up with whatever. And it's like, yeah, I got this. And he's like, great honey, okay. Or whatever, you know, and that's fine. Or my dad broke his back. I'm going to send them a mattress so that it's good for his back because they can't afford $2,000 for a Tempur-Pedic, whatever. You know, he, he is like, go ahead and do that. Okay. And whatnot. So there's justification so that I can do this. But I tell him, I tell you what I'm doing. And you're not being honest and truthful. If you're hiding liquor and you're hiding money, I don't believe you at all. Yes, you're right to do that. Thank you. But if you, but if you, if you, I guess, I guess the challenge for you I would have is if you Go to him and say, my dad broke his back, so I'm gonna do this with our money.


Instead of saying, I wanna do this, I would love to honor my old man. You, you get what I'm saying? But other than that, yes, I know. Dave, what do you think? I mean yeah, if, if he's stealing thousands of dollars and hiding them, the bigger deal is you don't trust him. If my wife found $15,000 in cash, she would have questions, obviously. But her first default setting wouldn't be you're preparing to run away or you have a problem with addiction. She would think, Hey, you need to go see a counselor 'cause you're spinning out on me again. But it would not, but your default is to, I don't trust this guy and he's doing something nefarious, which like me and Dave both said, you know, other things are going on. Right, Right, right. Then what makes you not trust yourself?


Do you not want to, do you not wanna deal with what you know to be true? No, it's, it's, we have a tumultuous relationship anyway. You're Kidding? Yeah. I'm so shocked. Is he planning an exit strategy here? But the thing that really bothers me is that $65,000 of that is for caretaking for my son that has Down syndrome. And when I met my husband, my son was 15, $65,000 of what? My son's No, I mean, what income? Wait a minute. I had 15,000 in the closet and I had a cabin cruiser. Now I'm at 65 grand. What happened? I just got lost. Yeah. Where's that money? Six 65,000 a year goes into our account.


So on a monthly basis, divide that up, but it's 65,000 total a year that goes into our joint checking that he keeps pulling money out of, and he, You don't need 65,000 to care for a down, down syndrome child. No, we Don't. Okay. No, we don't. You're just So you're being melodramatic. Yeah. You brought the kid in as a, as a flag wave here. All you've got Yeah. Is a husband. You and him are not in agreement on where the freaking money's going. He feels nagged about the alcohol. He feels nagged about and he thinks you spend too much. And so, and he squirreled money away. So you guys need to sit down with a good marriage counselor and decide if you're gonna go forward. If you're gonna go forward, and I think you should. Then what you're gonna do is you're gonna quit all these side deals, both of you.


Right. You're gonna have one freaking account and both of you, you are gonna do one budget and you're both gonna be in agreement on everything that goes out of this house. Right. And there's no, you know, there's no coming out of the closet with 15 grand Right, right in your hand. And there's no buying boats. Surprise honey. Look what I bought that I wanted and called it your anniversary gift. It's a bold move, man. And there's no, I get, I have to protect everything from you because you're deceitful. You've gotta get, you guys gotta get on basis of trust here. And the trust is gonna come from transparency and working together. And both of you have a vote. And that's gonna come in a marriage counselor's office. You, if you don't do that, you're probably divorced within a year.


Amen.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely Devastating It is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap, posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal, and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Hey John, let's do a little mini seminar right quick. Oh, Well, I mean, the number of times that we find people that are hiding money or buying things or doing purchases without their spouse. And to me when that's happening, It is not the thing, it's not the actual hiding that's the problem. It's the fact that that is a symptom of a broken relationship. Always. And when it Yes. When you can't Go to your spouse and say, I'm scared about something, I'm frustrated about something, I'm uneasy about something, then that Yeah. That's, then it, it manifests itself in a bunch of different ways.


Or because I watch you behave, you know, give money to your, whoever your family, or because I watch you spend, I'm a saver. I'm activated, I'm gonna go over here and that, that's my permission then to revenge save. Right. Deceitfully, instead of saying we've gotta get on the same page, Score keeping is one of the most Devastating things to a marriage. That's What it's, that's what it's, and 'cause there's always a justification always for why I deceased, You did this so I get to do this. You, you, you have the budget so tight that I couldn't breathe. So I had had to hide my target purchases under the bed. Right. Or whatever. You helped out your ailing father, so I got to buy a boat.


Just nonsense. Yeah, yeah. That which is asinine. Yeah. It's stupid obviously. So the but, but so what is the fix? The fix is to, if you have the, the urge to hide or, or a concern about your spouse over saving overgiving, overspending under organizing, you have really one healthy option. And that's put that in the middle of the kitchen table and set it on fire until we deal with it. That's Right. And the best way to do that is to start that conversation, not with a you statement, but with an I statement.


Yeah. When you sit down and say, you've been hiding, now we're in a war, and your partner's gonna, your spouse is gonna defend themself. If you sit down and say, I'm feeling this, I'm scared about I'm struggling with, then that's an invitation. It occurs to me that for most people they see conflict. A a as fearful, they're fearful of doing conflict. So when that guy hides 15,000 in the closet, he's being a coward. Correct. Absolutely. 'cause he didn't have enough courage to sit down with his own wife and say, I'm not okay with the way this is going.


Well, What I would say in that case, in that situation, I think there's a threshold. If you're hiding, I don't know, you're, you're looking at websites that you know your spouse would be upset about. You're hiding things. Th those are bellwether issues you gotta deal with in your marriage. When you start hiding $15,000 in cash and you got a drinking problem and you're buying boats, you're hiding an addiction, you're hiding much bigger things. Right. Yeah. But what I'm saying is, I'm talking to the guy or the gal that says, I feel the need to do a thing on the side, whatever that is be rather than deal with my spouse. Yes. It's, yes. So it's either cowardice or It is fear. Yeah. Like, like, you're gonna hurt me. You're gonna take everything and leave me.


Or It is, well, I'm, I'm scared that both are fear I'm not gonna get my way. Cowardice is fear. There you go. So both of them are fear. So in other words, it requires more courage to do it, to, to put an issue on the table and solve for unity. Correct. Than it does to do this nefarious crap off to the side. Yes. Or have my own account. I need my own account. 'cause I don't, I can't be with you on this. The most courageous thing you can do is put on the table and deal with It. Yes. And, and solve for unity. That's right. And solve for that. And because it, that, that level of conflict is not as Devastating. But what it does is it forces you to say, okay, really at the core of this is I don't trust you at the core of this is I don't, I don't respect your earning ability.


I don't respect your, you're not being a grownup with the handling of the money. You're immature Or I'm not getting what I want, so I'm gonna do this thing. Which goes against what you said, solve for unity. If I could get every couple in America to solve for unity, you, you do away with a lot of challenges. Most people are solving, most people use their marriage as a way to self-actualize themself. And so they're not solving for unity. They're solving for what's, what can I get away with so I can get what I want? And that's not how healthy marriages last over time. Yeah. I mean, I remember like, I was buying a, we had a couple seadoos down at the lake and they broke down two times in one summer.


And I can't stand a dadgum boat That doesn't work. Drive me nuts. So you don't spend enough time there anyway. You don't wanna be working on a stupid boat. So I told Sharon, I said, I think we need to upgrade these seadoos so when the grandkids and everybody's down here, stupid things work. And she's like, well, what's that gonna cost? And I told her and she's like, I don't think so. And I'm like, yeah, but I think so. I would love to, I would've paid. Yeah. Paid, paid. I don that. I don't, but I think so. But I don't think so. But the other option would've been she just shows up and there's two oos sitting there. Correct. Which I could easily do. Right. From a tactical standpoint, she probably wouldn't notice. But here's the Yeah. She would've noticed. Yeah. Okay. She would've Yeah. That, that, that one wouldn't have got by her. No, but the but the point is, is that it was more important to force ourselves into a unified decision than the purchase was important.


I love that. Yes. And that's what you've gotta, you gotta decide which, which is more important. What's more important, having savings or being unified. That's right. Being unified. And, and, and, you know, every spouse is different. You know, when I put this on the table, this is gonna be three hours. Yeah. I know this. Or it's gonna cost me X or and that is worth it. So that we are together on this. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I have to deal with all the feelings. Like I have to get my wife's permission, I must be a Ws. Right, right. You know, and no, I don't, I've, I have decided that the best way to handle money and marriage and to have a great life is to be unified in these decisions. That is a decision I made. I have a better life when I solve for that.


Yes. Than if I just do whatever I wanna do Than a than a temporarily comfortable life that then explodes on you. Exactly. Yeah. It's, it's, it's short term thinking. That's Right. It's Michael Easter. It's just doing, are we gonna do hard stuff day by day? That's it. So that we don't have That's nuclear implosions at the end. Well, and, and then wonder why we don't. But these little fox, the, the Bible says the little foxes spoil the vine. These little details just swept under the rug. Swept under the rug. Swept under the rug. And then we're gripe 'cause we got a lumpy rug. That's Right. The the best way I've ever heard it said is conflict deferred is conflict amplified. Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly, exactly What's You're gonna have a bunch of little skirmishes. That's fine. That's it. That's it. If you, you'll have a world war. So it, you're, you're my point is you're kidding yourself.


Yes. When you think you got away with this Right. Or you think that this is, that running it in a disunified chaotic manner is actually working. It works for us. I've heard, I've had people tell me that on there. Oh Dave, that system works for us. No it doesn't. No it doesn't. It just means you don't have to deal with it. Right now. It's conferences delay, It Is false peace. Now these things have a high, as less Bear Perry says, has a high rate of resurrection. Yeah. These, these zombies come back to life and they will come through and choke your family out. I mean Well, And, and, and look at, look at this guy here. It's very similar to when you sit down with folks who have done pretty big white collar crime. It started with, I ran up on the weekend to grab a thing and I went ahead and grabbed this too.


And I was gonna, I was gonna pay it back. I had my petty cash on the desk. I grabbed my neighbors 'cause I needed this thing, but I'm gonna pay it back. And this guy pulled, I guarantee you he pulled a couple hundred bucks and put an envelope and put another a hundred bucks and then put a thousand bucks and then put, bought a wife of boat to look over here. And it, all of a sudden you look up and you've got $15,000 that you're hiding that you can't just pull that in one fell swoop and it just builds on you and builds on you and build builds on you. Mansfield talks about the pe the leaders that fail. But it also, I think it applies to just people that fail. Marriages that fail too. Is they, sometimes the person builds a side secret life. And so when I see hidden alcohol, that's one thing.


When I see hidden alcohol and I see hidden 15,000 and I see the third piece is a surprise boat. I'm betting on an affair big time. I, I would Percentage wise Absolutely. Yeah. Because he's built, he's built his side life. He's got another world, He's got a separate life over there. A second. A second world. Right. And when you, you know, It is almost like these video games where you build your own little world thing. And, but people literally physically do that in the real world. Right. And they build a side life that they think is a secret life. And buddy, when those things come out, everything melts down. It All does. And It comes out. There's too many, too many D secrets in that story that I didn't get a check.


What'd you get? Oh, he's got another world. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. He's got a whole other planet. Yeah, Yeah. Whole other planet. That's his here. But if You find yourself having to create an alt universe to survive in, you gotta deal with that. You should have dealt with your main universe is our point. You took the coward's way out. Hiding the stuff on the side.


Most phone plans are like bad roommates, unpredictable, always asking for money, hard to get rid of and they never do the dishes. But Boost Mobile, totally different story. It's just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and data, no contracts and no weird hidden charges. Just 25 bucks a month forever. That's right. The $25 price will never go up. And if you're still skeptical, I get it. That's why Boost Mobile offers a 30 day money back guarantee. So try boost. You'll love it. Or get your money back. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash Ramsey to make the switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY. Restrictions Apply. See Boost Mobile dot com slash Ramsey for details.


Aaron's in Los Angeles. Hi Aaron, how are you? I'm good, Thank you for having me. Sure. What's up? So my husband And I got married two years ago And we both have started late with retirement savings. We're in baby step two and I, a year ago started a really lucrative position and it's just gonna grow over time to even more lucrative, which is wonderful. But, and I love the job, but it's not my dream. Our dream is to move to the Caribbean and start a bed and breakfast and maybe an off-road company, but we don't have a lot in retirement. So I'm just wondering how soon I could quit the lucrative job and how much I need to have in reserves before I can do that.


Because we have a, we have a child, so I don't wanna be irresponsible, but we do wanna chase that dream someday. Okay. What do you make? So right now I'm making around one 50 and my husband makes around one 30. Okay. So we got two 80 to work with in Los Angeles. Okay. So you're not rich. So you're About minimum wage. Yes. And and how much debt do you guys have? We have about 50,000. Okay. All Right. And I make Most of my commissions. It sounds to me like what I would be doing first you need to go through baby steps one, two, and three.


Okay. You need to get your, you need to get out of debt and have an emergency fund before we even start talk about any of these things. I, I assume quitting your job is simultaneous with you moving to the Caribbean and doing that and building the business there. Right? Right. Okay. Alright. And so I would be putting 15% of my income away and baby step four into retirement. And then I would be saving like a crazy person aside from that into an investment for to buy the b and b and to start the four wheel business. And you know, to probably Go to the Caribbean on some of your vacations and talk to people that have got businesses like that for sale or b and b, you know, look at, look at properties in the particular island you're thinking of learn what the regulations are for operating on those islands, what the governmental structure looks like and so forth.


'cause It is different from Iowa to Iowa for sure. And the mark real estate market would be different. The b and b market would be different. And you know, develop a, a business plan while you're on vacation, mess around with it. 'cause it's gonna take a while and go, okay, what do we need? Well we need a half million dollars or we need a million dollars or what do we need to do this? And then that becomes your savings target and you start working towards that. Okay. You don't like that answer? No, it's not that. I was just hoping for more of an ex, I know everyone's different, but like while we're in this position, I wanna stack up money 'cause we don't have A lot. That's what I'm you to do in retirement.


I'm telling you To do that. Yeah. And I'm 43, so it's like if we stack up, do we need a million dollars before I can quit the job that people Well I know. I don't know what you need to start the other business down there. That's what I'm telling you to go do the research and find out. Okay. Because I, we have a good match with the 401k. So I'm just wondering, you know, how much we need there before I can quit a lucrative job and take a risk. You can't quit a lucrative job and take a risk on because you don't have the money to start the next gig if it's all in the 401k. Oh right. Okay. So that's why I'm telling you put 15% of your income into retirement in 401k and then above that start saving to buy the first B and b or to buy the b and b and then figure out what it's gonna take to add a four wheeler operation.


You could add that as, as phase two of this. You could move down there, start the b and b live on that. Now if you're 59 and a half before this happens, you could use some of the 401k money to do that. Yeah. But okay. But that's 15 years. So I, I don't know that that takes this long. But the more you know, the way I start looking at that one, 'cause I have a business goal. If I'm you and I've been in the exact same situation, I've got a set of money here beyond my retirement that I can do something with. I'm already putting 15% of my income into retirement and I got a set of money I can do something with and I can spend it, I can give it and I could squirrel it away for the Caribbean bear and B, B and B.


And you know, so EveryDollar, you spend vacating buying cars, other la crap that is a is a is a day, another day you're delaying quitting your job and gonna the Caribbean. So these are trade-offs. And so once I've got that identified, then I'm gonna be trading off like crazy. I'm gonna be going, no, I'm, I'm working towards this goal and so I don't really need to go on that vacation. So Dave, help me with this 'cause I'm developing a strong allergy to the words. I wanna follow my dream or follow my passion as it's, I'm hearing it more and more as a, a hack to life. I don't wanna do this, so I'm just gonna chase this thing.


One of the things I've learned sitting ringside with you over the last five years is people who go chase a thing, it does work. But those are the ones that supernova. But a lot of those things, when you try to like, I want to have a coffee shop in this city. Nobody ever asks or few people ask, does the people in that city need another coffee shop? And what I've learned by sitting with you is it was, I want to teach this stuff about how to get outta debt. And you look up and you have a Sunday school class with a thousand people showing up every week. Or people keep asking me, how do I do this in my business? Like, I don't, I'll start talking about leadership then, and then entrees born and then, man, I wish we taught this in high schools. But it's a constant response to the market.


Not a I want to go out and do a thing. 'cause man, I just feel like you get yourself in a lot of trouble. And I, and I, I don't wanna tell people don't follow your dreams 'cause that's important. But man, you gotta, you gotta understand also that people have to be asking for this thing. And I don't know how to find that matrix. Right? 'cause people, I'm sure people told, you know, whoever, if you start this company, you're an idiot. I wouldn't do that. And they just kept pressing, pressing and pressing and it, and it works. But man, there is a trail of people who just wanted to go start a candle company and it didn't work. And well, they had a a, an incomplete picture of starting a candle company or starting an Airbnb. So the thing is, when it's at the stage, she's at, It is at the dream stage. And it, so dream is probably the right word.


The trick of changing it from a dream into a vision is a goal. And, and then into a goal and then put work clothes on it and break it down into tactical pieces of how we're gonna execute. And then you start to realize this dream is not all unicorns and skittles. There's actually freaking work involved in, in the Caribbean. You have governments that are unstable and you have, I don't know, if you had something like COVID happen, you could be completely bankrupted if you do the Airbnb wrong. 'cause nobody's allowed on or off the island for a year and a half. Or you get it and you get it all lined up and it's perfect and you realize, oh, our take home is gonna be $19,000 this year. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Because we didn't do, we didn't And we, and we're used to 280. Right, right. You know, and so it, you know, these dreams can become nightmares if you don't walk through them like a grownup.


Hmm. But sometimes when you say, I just wanna live my dream and she wasn't saying that, I'm not making fun of her, but I'm I'm with you. I get that a lot these days. Follow your passion. Right. And, and my crow always laughs and says, no, why don't you work? Try working. Yeah. And so, but you know, the, but I wanna follow my dream. It's, it's like sometimes when someone's saying that, and I'm not accusing this last caller of this, she may or may not be, but, but I'm not accusing her. But in general, the revulsion you have to, the same one I have is it's like, okay, because I have a dream, the rules don't apply to me. Ah, the world needs to bend to what I, I I I can just, my dream, I can just go do this tomorrow. I can microwave it because I, because it, it's in my heart and, and I wanna do it.


And that that's a child. Gotcha. That's a childish behavior. And so the adult reaction to that is, okay, I'm gonna take it from a dream to a vision to a goal. I'm gonna put work clothes on this thing and find out how you get bugs out of a house in the Caribbean. 'cause there's gonna be bugs there. And I can't have them in the bed with those people that are staying here. 'cause I'll get a bad trip advisor review and the whole stinking thing's going up in flames. Yeah. Hello. How do you do, how do you kill bugs or, so I mean, you're gonna get down in that kind of stuff before you find out that this dream actually is a business. And it's like, it's not always fun. Or what I hear often is people love a small subsection of people, myself included, love going to coffee, love the feeling of going to a coffee shop. And the thought is, I want a, I want this to be my life all the time.


And they think buying a coffee shop and running one is gonna feel like that. Or I had a great experience at a BB in Yeah. The Caribbean a few times. This is the life I want to live. Yeah. That's different than running a business there. Yeah. I mean, four wheelers, a hundred percent of 'em roll over and you have medical bills always a hundred percent of'em break down. A hundred percent of 'em have to be replaced about every three years if they're in a rental program. So it, But they are fun, right? Yeah. But, But for the 30 minutes you're on one. It's a blast. It's a hundred percent though. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, what's up guys, it's Jade. And listen, if you're waiting on the government to cancel your student loans, I hate to say it, but that's like expecting your broke cousin boo boo to pay you back the 40 bucks you loaned him. It ain't happening. Now when it comes to student loans, no one else is gonna pay them off for you. So if you want the loans gone, you've gotta take control. Now that might mean cutting back, it might mean throwing every extra dollar at your debt. And for some of you it might mean refinancing to get a better interest rate. And that's where Laurel Road comes in with Laurel Road. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Look, guys, refinancing may not be for everybody and Ramsey's advice is clear. We want you to pay off your debt as fast as possible. So if you can get a lower rate or a shorter term that helps you do that, go for it. Laurel Road has low rates plus ways to save even more money, like an auto pay discount. Don't sit around hoping for a miracle, change your life and change your mindset. Go get it done. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash Ramsey to check your rate today. That's Laurel Road dot com slash Ramsey.


Scott's in New Orleans. Hey Scott, how are you? Hey, good afternoon Dave. Thanks for, for having me. Sure. What's up? I was wondering, my stepdad is in his eighties and my mom is in her sixties and he is likely to pass before her, but through their prenup, he will not be leaving her anything. And she is not that well off. I was wondering if that's right or not. How long have they been married? Five years. Okay. Well, I mean it's what she signed up for, right. So it's not, it's not morally wrong, but I would, you know, I would come down on the side of, I wouldn't do that to my wife, so.


Right. I don't think she needs to be treated like one of his kids equally maybe, but maybe to leave her something so that she's not a destitute widow. Yeah, well she, they've been married. They've been married for how long? Five years. Okay. So she's 60 and she was 55. She had no money when she was 55. She has no savings. She Went into this, she went into this marriage destitute Pretty much. Well then she's not net destitute now. She would be pretty much now unless she spent that money or something. What'd she do with it? Well, it's, it's all wrapped up in her house.


Okay. Where's, wait a minute. She, she owns a house. Right. But she's gonna have to sell that eventually. The only reason that she's still in It is because he doesn't wanna move right now. So they live in her house? Correct. Okay. And his assets have been supporting that? Oh, a lot of it, yes. Yeah. Okay. So because she can't afford to live there without him. Correct. Okay. How is she affording to live there before him? That's why she has no savings. She wiped it out staying in that house, I think. Okay. All Right. Did your dad leave or pass away?


They got divorced. They Divorced. Okay. Yeah. So she held onto a hou, she kept a house. She couldn't afford all that time and, and drain herself down, she said. So we were outta high school, but she never got rid of it after we left. Yeah. She drained herself down. Okay. So I I I can go back to being on the side. I want him to leave her something, but I also want you to reframe this in your mind. She's not destitute, she owns a house. So you need to quit saying that. And she can sell the house. It's not all, and she can have a life and if she doesn't have any money, it's because she never handled the money Right. To start with. Not because of him.


The fact that she's not set up okay at this stage of the game is her fault, not his. I agree with that. Okay. So let, let's, let's not make him a villain in this because it was a little bit, felt that way for a minute. I I was, I was getting ready to call him a villain for a second there, but I'm not. So now, and so she signed up and said, okay, prenup is, I keep my house, you move in, we do expenses, you cover expenses or whatever, but whatever wealth you have attained will Go to your children upon your death. And you're 20 years older than me, so you'll probably predecease me statistically. Correct. So they That's what, that's the deal they signed up for five years ago.


Okay. Are his kids gonna sue her for his part of that house? Now? He doesn't have any part of that house. It was hers before they got married. Right. The prenup says she keeps her house. Oh, okay. Okay. So, but he's paying into it. He is paying the bills. Yeah. But, but she's not gonna have that anymore, so she'll have to sell the house. Okay. And she's 60 years old. So what's the house worth? Probably 700,000. Is it paid for? No, she owes two 50. Okay. All Right. Do you not like this guy? No, I just don't think that she's getting the full benefits of a marriage by not having financial security.


If he were to leave, I mean, she would have to change her lifestyle completely and co probably. But she was going to anyway. She was gonna have to anyway. I guess so. Yes. Yeah, because she could, what she was doing wasn't sustainable. You already said that. Right, Right Before this guy. Right. So she was getting ready to have change her lifestyle anyway. So the fact that he came along actually extended her ability to stay in a property that she couldn't afford is all, it's so, Hmm. Yeah. I i, if I'm in his shoes, I would want to make sure she was better taken care of than what you're describing. So I agree with your sentiment on that.


You're asking this as a question, but you're really making a statement and I'm, I'm okay with both. So yeah, I, I, I would, if I was in his shoes now, if I'm not in his shoes and I'm put on her shoes, this is the trip she signed up for. And so she needs to start making plans now to be ready to sell that house when he dies and move to a property that she can pay cash for with the equity of the house. Hopefully he lives a few more years and the house is worth a million and the debt goes down and so she's gonna clear 800 instead of clearing 500 like she would today. I mean, if he, every year he lives, the debt goes down, the house goes up. So her asset is increasing in value and her, her livelihood, which is her entire livelihood, I assume she's not working.


Correct. Okay. And she's gonna have to change that 'cause 'cause she's got this looming math problem over her head. Oh. She just changes the perception of when he dies, the house is sold and the longer he lives, the more money that means for her because the house is gonna go up in value, the debt's gonna go down because this is the deal she signed up for. But you don't think she needs to get a job now too? Yeah. She probably should starts socking some money away. Yeah. Yeah. She's 60 years old. Go, go, go keep, you know, go work five years and put, you know, put a couple hundred thousand bucks in a bank in, in a 401k and then when he die, you're okay. And, and if he doesn't want her to Go to work, then he needs to change his will and his prenup.


Yeah. You know, if she, he needs to stay home, she needs to stay home and take care of me. I'm old. Okay, cool. Then you need to change your will and, and you know, the caretaking iss gonna cost you some money, buddy. You know, 'cause 'cause otherwise I'm, I don't have a sustainable thing. 'cause I signed up for a deal. You signed up. We both signed up for a deal here with our eyes wide open. That's a, a bad deal. Yeah. Yeah. The prenup is different than the will too, by the way. Right. So prenup would not, but, but the prenup probably addresses the will. But in terms of prenup would be upon, not upon death. It would be upon divorce. The will actually would be the dictating document.


Yeah. He, he, I I would want to say if I was married, you know, something happened to Sharon, I got remarried that I would want that person to be taken care of. And I would assume that my children, if I'm, if I'm marry a lady, it means I love her. That my children would want her to be taken care of. Right. But, but not to have the full extent of, of the That's fine. Yeah. He doesn't have to get a full half cut or a Full cut. The Ramsey Yeah. The fortune. Right. Not gonna Do that. No, absolutely Not. Yeah. Make sure she's okay. But also, again, man, I always hate talking bad about somebody's moms don't hear me say talk about her, but she has a pattern of pushing off reality, kicking The can down the road. And like we were talking about earlier in this show, like it, it's, that conflict will come up and it's just gonna be, she's gonna be 75 and he dies at 95 and she'll have nothing and then she won't be able to just go get a job.


Like you might be able to when you're 60. Yeah. I would go, I would go create an income right now. Right now. Yeah. And I would start, I would have a a the go through the mental exercise of if he dies this year, what is my plan? There you go. And if he dies next year, what is my plan? And it sounds like the plan is you're gonna be selling the house. Well, We're, no matter what, we're selling that house. But if we have to buy a condo with cash, then maybe we only have 3000, 300,000 left or 200,000 left. Right. And so we need to have some more money in the account when that day comes. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I, I think It is. So I agree with your sentiment that, That I, if I were in his shoes, I would wanna make sure she was taken care of. And that's Scott's sentiment and I don't disagree with that.


But it doesn't make the guy a villain. 'cause your mom signed up for this, right? This is the deal she signed into. Yeah. And, and she's kicked things down the road. So she needs to come up with a plan to take care of herself, which is what she should have been doing five years ago. Anyway. Sustainable situation because he's not gonna be here or, and he is not leaving or anything. The calls I'm increasingly getting are from children. Our children are, have two young kids, or three young kids and their finances are tight and they're staring down the barrel of a parent or parents who just refuse to acknowledge reality. And they're starting to say, I see myself becoming a caretaker.


Like the train's coming at me and mom and dad won't do anything about It. Sandwich generation. Yeah. Stuck between my kids and my parents. Yeah. Yep. That's the money going both directions. So that, that's a problem. But I think the way you deal, I, I think it's a real good idea since they were so smart to put everything on paper up front. Let's just go ahead and talk about the implications of that. Let mom, he dies. You're selling in the house.


Hey you guys, if you're looking to save big on groceries without sacrificing quality, you've got to check out ALDI. That's right Rachel, because let's be real. I'm bougie, but I'm also frugal. So You are bougie, George. Thank you for admitting it. So why pay more for the same stuff? Just because it has a fancy label. ALDI shoppers save up to 36% on a typical shopping trip, over name brand products at other stores, which adds up to about $4,000 per year for a family of four. It's crazy. Yeah. And you know what? Their organic produce, their fresh meats and even their private label, it's all delicious. So it's good quality stuff that's not gonna bust the budget. And the best part, no membership fees, no gimmicks, no headaches, just a simple shopping experience with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. So beautiful. Okay. So stop paying more and start shopping at ALDI. Find a store near you today at ALDI, us. That's a ldi US


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Dr. John Delony, number one bestselling author, host of The Dr. John Delony Show on the Ramsey Networks. Ramsey personality. He's my co-host, Katie's in Spokane. Hi Katie, how are you? I'm doing great, Thank you Dave. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I have kind of a tricky situation with my mom. My husband and I are doing great. We are on baby step six.


We're debt free except our mortgage. And we are in the position of, we provide a home for my mom. She was widowed in 2013 and my father passed away leaving her with a mountain of debt, medical debt that they'd accrued over the years. And she filed bankruptcy and then later sold her house. So she is sitting on about a hundred thousand left from that. But we provide a home for her. We charge her like a quarter of the rent that she would because we built a mother-in-law when we built our house. My question is, All Right, so she lives next door to you or adjacent to you? Yes, we have like a shop apartment that she lives in currently.


Oh, I gotcha. Okay. So she's on your property that it's, you're not providing her a standalone separate home. I gotcha. Okay. Yeah, it's, it's like an apartment on the property. It's separate from the house. And how old is she? She is currently, I believe she'll be 69 this year. Okay, cool. Alright. Yeah. So when she, when my father passed away, she decided not to get a job again. She wanted to be there for grandkids. There's, you know, seven children in our family and lots of grandkids. We've tried to advise her to get a job. She has not. So we provide her a place because she can't really afford rent. She's on my $2,000 in social security.


My problem is, I have an older sibling who, her whole life has been a series of just unfortunate decisions and she's in a one financial problem after another. And we found out that my mom has been paying bills for her and loaning her money and all of this out of pretty much a tiny nest egg that she hasn't invested. She's just sitting on And we feel, my husband and I feel that we are supporting her financially and finding out that we have siblings who are taking advantage of her financially. I don't really know how to address it with her in a respectful way that I love my mom.


I don't want to, you know, come down hard on her. But it's just tricky 'cause we know we're gonna be caretakers for her eventually. She really doesn't have much to support herself with. Anyway. So basically the a hundred grand that she had, she's gonna burn through it supporting the parasite siblings? Yes. Yes. That's our concern. Okay. Have you talked to you about that? And then, then you're gonna be stuck with mom in the house and you're gonna be caring for your mom and she's gonna have social security checks. All she's got to blow now. Yes. How close are we to that? It is a hundred gone yet. I just recently talked to her. She said she has like 1 0 9 and she's very cagey about being open with me about how much she's helped.


But I do know she's providing bills and this sister, she's recently divorced. She has two kids. She refuses to Go to work more than two days a week because she wants to keep her government aid, et cetera, et cetera. Yeah. And well I guess you got two choices. You just tolerate this crap or you tell mom you're gonna stop this or you move out. Those are your two choices, right? Yeah. They're harder to make. They're hard. But listen, your life right now, every minute you wake up, you're thinking about this and every time one of your siblings text you or calls you, you get in rage. And every time you ask your mom a question and she's cagey you say something like, well, you're in my h Like, you're making yourself crazy.


You're already, you're already having a hard life is what I would say. And so you can keep having that hard life or you can choose another hard life, which is to put all this junk on the table and deal with it. But either path is hard. One of them is gonna bury you. One of them may clarify the whole thing or block The thing or you can just make peace with it and go, she's gonna piss the money away to the parasites and, and she's gonna live with us. And I'm gonna go with that and I'm gonna quit worrying about it. You can make peace with it and let it run. That's not my style. But you could do that. That's a, that's a valid option. Staying where you're staying is not a valid option. You either need to put up some ultimatums and say, we're gonna do conduct this situation properly and you're not going to support the parasites while you live here for free or virtually free.


That doesn't work. If you're gonna do that, you're gonna have to find another place to live. Mom, I love you, but I'm not gonna tolerate this behavior. 'cause I feel like I'm supporting the parasites and it's against my morals to do that. How much of this is, you're not mad at your mom, but you're mad at your siblings. Yeah. It's not my mom at all. I, my mom, she, she, she's meaning, well, Most enablers are sweet people. I'm, they're just enablers. Yeah. Ha. Have, have you ever, I'm wondering my question, I'm wondering if I should address my mom more with this or should I Know it's the only way to stop. It's only way to stop it. Corner Of the lion, my sister. No, it's, it's the only, it's the only way to stop it.


Have You ever had a conversation with your siblings when they were like, you know what? You're right. Ever. No. This Particular one. No, They're not gonna start now. They're not gonna take a, you Know what I want, you want me to quit being a parasite? I'm gonna quit asking for I don't think so. For free money. You're right. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, that's not gonna happen. That's not gonna happen. The only thing you gonna do is convince mom to cut 'em off. And probably the only way that's actually going to happen is if she believes she's gonna have to move. And you're not gonna do that. Yeah. You're not. And so one more second spent thinking about your siblings is a second, a second wasted on loving your husband, loving your life, doing something f like you're just wasting your energy because they're never gonna change parasites like that.


Don't change. Yeah. I proof is in the history. Yeah. Yeah. And they're not going to. And so, I mean, you can address it with your mom and say, listen, I know this is going on and I think you're out of control and I really think you should stop. 'cause I think you're harming them. 'cause enabling is always harming the recipient too, because by giving your sister money. Yeah. She, she never, by giving your sister money, you are giving a drunk a drink. 'cause she refuses to work and now she gets to refuse to work. But, but if she did, didn't have the money, then she would Go to work. Yeah. Or she'd sit on government assistance or whatever that she was gonna do. But your mom's not helping her.


She's harming her. Enabling always harms the recipient and enablers always think they're sweet, kind people, but they're not. They're harmful people. Your mom thinks she's sweet. Yeah. It's to, but she's, she's harming, she's harming her own children and she should stop it. That's what I would tell her. Or in a, I don't Disagree. In a even further extension of that, your mom's actually a parasite in a way too because she's using your, her, her kids to feel better about herself. 'cause she won't have that hard conversation. You see how this just continues downstream? Yeah. Yeah. She, she's using them to feel good about herself because she says she has to live in her other kids' house.


House, You know, at, at a minimum. At a minimum, I would say you're gonna have to do two things probably for sanity's sake. You do what you wanna do. I'm just putting myself in your shoes. 'cause I don't think you're gonna tell her to move. Might be the best thing that happened to her, but I don't think you're gonna do it. And so I, I think you gotta make peace with it, number one. Number two, I think you need to have a very clear, calm, but very direct conversation with your mother about her misbehavior. And she should stop it. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All Right. We all know this. The world is going bananas and we're under huge pressure to perform and look like we're keeping it all together. Check this out. 76% of people globally agree that mental health care can help resolve personal problems. Yet six outta 10 people still believe that society discourages people from asking for help. Listen to me, real strength, I'm talking real bravery comes from opening up about what you're dealing with and then doing something about it so you can be your best for yourself and for everyone else that you care about. If you're feeling the weight of the world, please talk to someone, anyone a friend, a loved one, a family member, or a therapist. I see a therapist every week. If you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time and it's easy and it doesn't cost any extra money. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/delon.


Buying or selling a home is a big deal. And with all the clickbait headlines that are out there and confusing data and friends with an opinion, it's tough to know what's actually really going on. 'cause everybody dramatizes it. Well, here's some real numbers. The average house price in America went up slightly last month. It's about 440,000 right now and we just hit over a million homes for sale. That's the most inventory we've had since 2019 house prices have not fallen. They have continued to rise. The average 15 year fixed rate is a little bit up. It's still under 6%, 5.95. And so if you're ready and you wanna learn something about buying a home right now, or selling yours, you can check out everything about the market trends and everything else with confidence at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market, or click the link in the show notes.


Our question of today is brought to you by Why Refi? Why Refi works with borrowers who have defaulted private student loans, even when other lenders have said no. With a lower payment and a low fixed rate, you could have a clear path forward, you could get outta this mess visit. Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey? That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in all states.


Alright, Today's question comes from Nikki in Georgia. Nikki writes, I'm reading, building a non-anxious life, but getting over anxiety's hard. Our annual income will be a hundred thousand dollars soon as my husband is changing jobs. He was laid off during COVID and our debt spiraled from there. We worked hard to recover from that setback, And we will be debt free by December. My father never handled, handled money well with my family suffering the consequences. I know my husband's a good provider, but how do I get over my fear that things will go south again? Dave, when I, I guess first and foremost, I'll tell you, Nikki, things will go south again. A hundred percent chance things will go south Again, the question your body's trying to solve not is if things are ever gonna go wrong.


It is what will happen to you when those things do go wrong. And to go back when you got laid off during COVID, what your body is remembering, your childhood, your body remembers that. When COVID when a bad thing happened, y'all started borrowing a whole bunch of money. And it debt doesn't happen to you, it's AdChoices. Y'all made to continue a certain life as, as that was happening. So your body just is remembering. And so it's just sounding the alarms right? And so a great first step. I'm proud of you guys being debt free by December. I promise you, when you cross that threshold, your body will exhale a little bit because you'll be a little bit safer. And then you get an emergency fund, it will exhale a little bit more, and then y'all commit to each other.


We will never put ourself in a position financially that we're not gonna be okay. Your body will go, okay, good, good. And then something's gonna go south. And then you're gonna, you're gonna keep your promise to yourself. And bodies don't go. Bodies get nervous, they get scared. If you talk to elite military guys, they, they're scared, they're nervous, but they're not anxious because they've drilled that thing so many times. And everybody knows where everybody's gonna be at all times. And if they're not, they know what to do next. And so they're not anxious about stuff. And so that's what we're doing here. We're just gonna keep doing the next right thing over time. But you gotta give your body a chance to not be sound every alarm, which means you can't owe people money. You gotta trust yourself and on and on. Yeah. You make the building a non-anxious life tells you exactly how to do that.


You make deposits in those six areas. And That's why we're never gonna do an anxiety free scream. I don't, I don't wanna live in a house without a fire alarm. Right. I want my body to be anxious when it should be, but I'm gonna do all of the things I can every day to know that if I am anxious, it's for something real. Right? Not for all of these, these things I've created in my world. Yeah. Yeah. You, you, you really do want to be anxious at the appropriate times. Yeah. Like a friend of mine showed me a picture this weekend. I was playing golf with him. He was in Africa doing one of these safaris. So the major male lion in the pack comes up and just lays beside the car and it's open car. Yeah. You know, one of those things. And they're taking pictures and he's got the picture right, you know, at his feet almost there.


And the guide is like, don't worry about it. He, he's just lazy. He'll lay there a minute. And then the, the female, the mom starts coming over, mo moving towards the truck, and the guide goes, okay, time for us to move now. But I mean, yeah, you want your body, you want, you want to go, this is a wake up call here. Hello. Right. If, if the guy knew, Hey, this is not safe, and I'm just gonna keep sitting here, and then he sees that line getting closer and closer, I don't have any anxiety. His Body would be failing him if it wasn't ringing every alarm off the hook. Exactly. Yes. Exactly. And so if you're broke, you have no money, and everything that happens is an emergency. Right. Then you're, you know, It is good to have anxiety. Yes. Anxiety is telling you to straighten up, Go get, go get your house in order, get Your, get your crap together.


That's right. You know, that's anxiety is is your friend then, right? That's right. And but also if, if an, if you have a fully funded emergency fund, a half million dollars in mutual funds, your house is paid for, everything is paid for, you have zero debt and you're making up stuff you're catastrophizing in your mind. Now that's a di that's not a Go to somebody. That's not good anxiety. Absolutely. Go sit with somebody. Yeah. There's Something wrong then. Yeah. The alarm's not working right. It needs to be recalibrated and that's all good. Go get that work done. But I think, I think, Nikki, I think, to be honest with you, I think your body's working perfectly right now. You shouldn't be anxious. You've been through this road before you grew up in this world. You, it again, Then you did it again during COVID, And then you did it. Yeah. And so your body's trying to get your attention as it should. Just keep doing the next right thing.


So work, work, work a stinking baby steps. That's right. Work six jobs. And, you know, a a a little desperation is good for the soul. Yes. It'll, it'll cause you to go out there and bust it and sacrifice and win. That's right. And Spend some good hard work. Well, It is good For the soul. Yeah. Tara is in Evansville. Hi Tara. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, Dave. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I'm in a, I'm in a really tough spot and I need some help. I went through a divorce in 20, in September of 2024. And as part of that settlement, I was ordered to pay my ex-husband 170,000. So it's been almost a year. And I've paid down Why? Because we had a business and a house, and they're intertwined.


So the house is on personal acreage with a barn, and then we have seven cabins that we own. So his buyout portion was one 70. But you Kept all that? I kept all of that. Yeah. And you had to buy him out. Okay. All Right. I'm with you. And how were you planning to do that? So I did pay, I was able to pay off a hundred thousand to him. Of course, I borrowed it from other people because during our marriage, I traveled and I'm a, I travel as a quality director of nursing. And so I've traveled a lot and paid for a lot of our, our bills, that personal bills. And then I supplemented the business if I needed to. And so I really didn't have the inter workings of the business very, very well. He stayed here, he didn't work or do anything.


He just took care of this place. And so we came to 170 as an agreement. I paid the a hundred. When I took over the business, it was like $35,000 in arrears. There was $3,000 in the account. When you Agreed, agreed to pay him $170,000 last fall, where were you planning to get that money? Refinanced. The house. And then the loan, the loan is separate. So we had an LL C at that time. So did you do that? The LL CII haven't been successful yet. Why? The business is not a problem. I went back to the same bank that has our loan right now, and I asked to refinance and to take the additional money out, and they declined and said, I, I do have one other loan besides the property, the SDA loan.


And they said, no, we won't do it. Now, I, there's a lot of personal things as far as I'm concerned. Like, I live in a super, super small community, and I know like my ex-husband and him are best friends. So that's some of it. But either way. And so I went to another Thing. Well, you would think he would want his, your, his best friend to get $170,000. So I don't agree with your conclusion. Well, they want us, they, no, my ex-husband wants me to fail. So, but then the other part, what, I guess I didn't know much about the business to be, oh, and I did go out to another place and I got all the way through the whole entire process with the house. And they would do the refinance, but they would not gimme the extra 70,000.


Now, a couple reasons. I am a contract worker, so I What do you make, do contracts by 200,000 a year. Okay. And why are you holding on this piece of trash land? That drag that's dragging everything in your life down The seven cabin rental business. Yeah. Why? It doesn't make money. It loses money. Why would you wanna keep it, It actually used to bring in a lot of money. We make about 250,000 a with growth, and then we make about 30,000 a year. Yeah. But there's nothing in this, this, there's no fun anywhere in this discussion. There's no, I'm sorry, this Thing's killing you. Why aren't you just sell it?


Well, well, one thing I put all my retirement and everything into it. It's, It is, It Is. Well, it'll come out when you sell it, won't it? Or have you leveraged it all up to the eyeballs? No. Oh, no, no. I, I, I have, it's 1.6 and I owe right now on an 800. I, I don't think this, you're not making money on an asset that size. That's scary. I think I would consider selling it. And the 70,000 is not a big deal, but I, I'm getting out of this mess.


Hey, you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way, and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen, y'all, there's a better way to take care of healthcare costs. Ch HM programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


In the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. Alan and Sabrina are with us. Hey guys, how are ya? Awesome. Good. Welcome. Welcome. Where do you guys live? Casper, Wyoming. Ah, fun. Welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you two paid off? $208,005 and one quarter. Okay, good. And how long did that take? 58 months. Good For you. And your range of income during that time? Oh, So during this process we started at 140 and then we went up to two 80. But in six months of this we were down to 72,000. Now you're at 72? No, During our, our process we were at 72,000 At one point. At one 50.


So we wanna back and forth. Okay. One 40 down to 72. Up to two 80. Okay. What do y'all do for a living now? I'm a project manager in pipelines And I'm an engineer in the oil and gas sector. Oh. Thus the volatility and the, okay, I got it. Okay, cool. And Casper, Wyoming no less. All Right. Very cool. Yeah, I've had a boring four or five years there in Casper, so It Oh, it's been up and down. So what kind of debt was this? 2 0 8 this's. Our mortgage. You paid off your house? Yeah. Looking at weirdos. How old are you? Two weirdos. I'm 36, 44. All Right. And a paid four house. Nice house. We're seeing a picture of, of it. Pop up here, a little snow on the ground there in that pick. What's this house worth?


Well, we actually p we got a mortgage for 2 35, so that was back in 2015. And it's probably worth over 400, 4 50 right now. Yeah, I bet It is. Bet It is. And I saw a picture of you standing on the, in the snow with your bare feet to see if the grass feels different. That Was two days after we, we It was pretty cold. Yeah. Two days after. So Dave, I thought you'd appreciate the snow is wider. Yeah, there we go. Okay. There's the grass. All Right. I like it. Very good. Very good. Fun, fun. Way to go, guys. Okay. So how much in your retirement, NTIC? We are about about 2 50, 3 hundreds. So we're pushing a three quarter mill. Yeah, Total. Total. You're bumping towards a million real quick. You're gonna be baby steps millionaires and in your thirties. Wow. Way to go, y'all.


I'm proud of you. What started this whole thing? How'd you do this? What got you on this Ramsey Train? Well, we were quite stupid when we both graduated from college. We took out a lot of debt. We financed snowmobiles, we paid for a wedding, took out a loan for furniture, we bought our house wedding. And so all, you know, we kind of financed everything at that point. And then you're Kind of normal. Yeah, we Were very normal, but, and then Alan lost his job, oh, probably about two years later. And we were living off my income, which was about 70 at that time, And we couldn't pay our bills. Mm. So we, we panicked. So in the, when we first came across you, it was actually me.


I was out in the oil field, consulted to a producer and broke country. You can only listen to so many of those songs as they be repeated, you know, kinda like King George and Alan Jackson said Murder on Country Road. But anyways, our blade operator had to run and go listen to a talk show. And I was like, well, I'll listen to it. And two hours later, on the way back in the Casper from the field out in the Powder River basin, and there was a guy named Dave Ramsey that came on, and I looked in the rear view mirror and he was talking to me. And I, I, when you're in oil and gas, you know, you depend on that drill rig. If they're not, not John, you don't have a job. Right. So I came home, talked to Sabrina. She created a spreadsheet that just, it was a forecast system of what we were able to put in every month.


And we were trying to improve it, trying to prove it wasn't there. And every week, you know, I was like, Hey, let's try this out, try this out. And we finally both got on board, did that, and then I managed to break my foot at my grandfather's funeral. Mm. And so we were living off of Sabrina's income, plus the insurance coming in from the company. But then I got on with the new employer and paid off our consumer debt. Went and refinanced the house at 2.375. And then, I don't know if you're around here, around the world in 20 18, 20 19, there a thing called COVID. Tell me more, tell me more about that.


Yeah, So I worked for a Canadian company and they sent us home for two and a half years. And I'm a person that has to be around anybody. I don't care if I like you or not, I gotta be around somebody just to interact. And so it was driving me, I had some mental issues going on and I looked at Sabrina and says, I can't do this no more. I says, I need a break. And we looked at everything and luckily all we had was our mortgage. So I was able to take life off for six months, recuperate. And that's where the $72,000 came in when we were 72,000 when we were doing our mortgage and just recuperated in life, got in employed, and that's where the income came back in.


And we created a mortgage tracker and just tracked it down. Everything, all our savings went, or extra from every month went towards the mortgage. So, wow. And this was about the time when we left my Excel spreadsheets and kind of got onto the EveryDollar budget and really started using that pretty hard. So that was a big transition for us going from Excel spreadsheets to the EveryDollar app. That's Hard for an engineer to say, yes, I'll try somebody else's pass somebody else Pass. I mean, I liked my spreadsheets and Alan didn't, you know, and so we kind of had to make a compromise and Go to the EveryDollar budget tracker. So There we go. All Right. And then here we stand just a few months later and the house is paid for. Yep.


Yeah, because that, that it really, about the time you leaned into the house, it only took about two years. Yeah. Yep. If I got the story right on that, you are correct. Yep. If I followed that And you, and you've come back big time with the new job and the new salary crushing it, huh? Yep. Yeah. My salary pretty much almost tripled after I took the six months off. Hmm. Wow. Yeah. Good for you, man. Well, your timing was good too. Very good. Congratulations. God's opened a lot of opportunities up for us since then, so. Yeah. Amen. Yeah. Amen. So what do you tell people The key to getting out of debt is, I think you have to be on the same page as your partner. I mean, you know, that communication between spouses as far as spending and, you know, just the budget.


That was probably one of the biggest challenges for us, was communicating and making sure that we knew, you know, purchases and where we were headed. So you have to be on the same page in a marriage. Mm. Just open communication. Yeah. You know, don't be afraid to say, Hey, I wanna buy this, or No, let's push that off till next month. Yeah. So what's the big thing you're gonna do now that you're a hundred percent debt free and almost millionaires? We're gonna go get a steak dinner tonight at Perry's. That'll Do. So, yeah, that'll do. Yeah. We got some work to do on the house, some siding, fencing, back patio that needs to be refurbished kitchen, so, All Right. Yeah.


But also a little bit playtime in there too. Yeah. Yeah. Amen. Sure. Sabrina, what do you tell the person in the marriage that is the spreadsheet person that continues to say, no, no, no, my way's gonna work. Just trust me. It's gonna work, it's gonna work. What, is there a hack to that conversation that will help Move to EveryDollar? Yeah, Exhale and say, you know what, we're gonna do a regular budget. I think you have to be open-minded. Okay. You just have to be flexible, you know, I think for me, like I understood my spreadsheet really well, but I had a, I didn't communicate it to Alan very well, so he would ask questions and, you know, question the numbers. And I, I didn't communicate him well.


So I think just finding what works for you as a couple and how your minds can kind of work together. But definitely be open-minded, you know, if somebody has different, you know, numerical ideas or different tracking ideas than you, you know, it, it's okay. Yeah. So, Brother, what did you do that six months? Did you Go to a counselor? Did you go hit the gym? What did you do? Actually, I always seen a counselor short before then, but I increased my visits with them. But we, I volunteer for animal rescue ation that Sabrina's on the board. So I transported dogs from Casper, Wyoming up to Billings, Montana, Reno, Nevada, Bozeman, Boise. So I was all over the road, just go out and do something.


But you had a purpose. Yeah. Good for you. Yeah. Good for you. So good for you. You didn't just take time off and just stare off into space and hope it all got better. Nope. You got after I went. Outm proud of you. Good for, for you. Yeah. Way to go. Good. That's hard work right there. That's very good work. Very good. Proud of y'all. Way to go. Thank you. Who was cheering you on along the way? I think each other, I mean, we were each other's biggest cheerleaders, you know, we had a couple neighbors that kind of knew that we were on the Dave Ramsey program and you know, they were egging us on at different times too. One of our neighbors brought us cookies after we paid the house off. So I like it. But Well, you need to take a, a stake back. Yeah. Dave, since you mentioned that, the funny thing was the consumer debt. I was the nerd.


She was The spender spirit. I was the spender And we, it, We flipped on the mortgage. We did. I wanted to go play, watch football, buy guns, and shoot. Oh, we gotta get going because we're run up against The clock here. Let's do it. I like it. All Right. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1. Work debt free. Yeah. Two 8,000 paid off in 58 months. Quite a story. Way to go. Heroes. We're proud of you. Woo Hoo.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify so we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And That's why we recommend Delete Me. They help with that. Yeah, They do. Delete DeleteMe actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites. And It is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find so Much. But DeleteMe Will delete your data, hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean, It is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. Get this, so far, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and save me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. Ramsey fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just Go to join delete me.com/ Ramsey. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's join delete me.com/ Ramsey. Make sure to check it out, you guys.


Well, so many of you out there are trying to Share Ramsey with people like our last debt-free scrims are telling their neighbors that they're getting out of debt, that kind of stuff. It is kind of hard sometimes to explain all this stuff. If you want some help. We put together the new Ramsey one-on-one Playlist. We made it easy for you. And so this Playlist is filled with classic RAMSEY clips, like the baby steps, how that works, paying off debt with the debt snowball, how to have an emergency fund, how to work together with your spouse, all those kinds of things. Click the link at the top of the show notes, open Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube. Text it to someone, DM it to someone, send it to a group chat. Say, Hey, I think this might help. Just trying to be helpful here. Don't say you're stupid. Listen to this. Don't do that. If you're listening on the radio, we got a Playlist featured at the top of our YouTube channel. Check it out. Who's the one person you're gonna share this Playlist with? It's one share, one step that could change everything for one person.


Hector is with us in Scottsdale, Arizona. Hey, Hector. What's up? Hey, how you doing, Dave? Better than I deserve. How can I help? So, oh, and by the way, how you doing Dr. John? I have actually have your book right next to me and I started reading it this morning. I got it on Saturday, so it's going well. Thanks Brother. Yeah. So I'm 24 years old. I have $16,000 saved up. I am going to Europe in less than a month. 'cause one of my best friends is getting married there. And I'm spending, then I'm going backpacking. So I'm gonna spend about, I'm budgeting like five to $6,000.


My current job as a server, the restaurant is closing right before I leave. So when I come back from Europe, I'm gonna be jobless as well as I'm resuming my career in aviation. So I'm gonna be taking on a lot of debt when I come back. So my question is, how do I manage my money, which is gonna be almost less than $10,000 when I get back. Do you know what show you're calling? Yeah. All Right. All Right, good. Just before we get going, just wanna make sure we're on the same page, man. Whew. I would tell you that you call your friend and you tell 'em you love him.


I can't make it because I'm about to be unemployed. I don't have any money. And I would, We actually work the same job too. I know. I I would tell you, I'd be looking for a job, dude. Yeah. ASAP, you know, you can't go backpacking, bro. It's just not the season 24 and broke. Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean, I, I already bought my ticket and everything, So Yeah, it's all good. I'd rather you lose $2,000 than 10. Yeah. Life Happens. I mean, I Figured you guys would say something like that. Well, we've lived it, man. It's not, it's like we're not just like, listen, trying to have fun. Nowhere In this description of anything you laid out was making money.


All of it was spending money and going in debt and destroying savings. Everything in your story was no money, no money, no money, no work, no money. That's your whole story that you just told us. Yeah. So everything's going the wrong way, man. This is not gonna end well for you. We're gonna hang up with you and our lives are gonna go on. We're gonna be fine. Okay? But I'm, I'm worried about you, honey. Yeah. I mean, your plan sucks. It's a plan for, it's a plan for anxiousness and misery is what It is, man. Not good for you. Going deeply in debt to be an airline pilot is not a plan because you don't get to be an airline pilot for many, many years.


So no, you don't need to go a hundred thousand dollars in debt to resume my aviation career. Bull crap. What you need to do is resume working. Yeah. I mean, well, technically I'm gonna be working until they close and they close a week after I leave. So It a monthly vacation. So technically look for a job. Yeah. 'cause you're getting ready losers. That's why Like, I know when I'm in Europe, I'm gonna be, I mean, I'm already looking at other serving jobs. Hey Hector, you do whatever you wanna do, honey. You called us and asked And we told you what to do. Yeah. There's nothing in this. You are not gonna be able to talk your way to where John, and I think this is smart, we are worried about you, honey, I think this is not gonna end well for you this time next year.


You're gonna be sitting in neck deep and poop and trying to, and, and just 'cause you've been shoveling on yourself. And that's what you're, that's what you're heading towards. So you need to rethink this. You act like this is Skittles and unicorns are just gonna pop out from somewhere and they're not, Or the this thing like that. You get to do what you wanna do. And that math or these other things will just circle around you. I can tell you right now, if I was about to lose my job and I had $16,000 to my name, I'm not, I'm not taking the trip. I'd call my friend and say, I can't make it, man. I'm going on a European vacation to celebrate. Yeah. I I've got a, yeah. And maybe Dave, I don't know. You know what? Maybe this is one of those situations where you're 24 and dude, I thought I was really a tough guy until I walked into an MMA gym at about that age and got my head handed to me a few times and realized, oh, I need to, I need to listen to some of these other guys who are wiser than me.


But maybe It is one of those you just Like me that would've told you not to go over there. I mean, you gotta Hit, hit on the chin a few times, but my goodness man. Yeah, It's not gonna work buddy. Don't do this. Hector, please. You can, you can play this back in six months and see if, see if we came true or not. I don't know. But I'm, I'm, there's nothing in this that you described that sounded like a good ending to me for you. I'm worried about you.


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck, you wonder where your money's going. Our team is hosting a free budgeting training this month. You'll learn step by step how to make to and make and stick to a budget a plan using the EveryDollar app, the world's best budgeting app. And it's also gonna guide you through the baby steps and everything else. Plus you can get your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a. Spots are limited. Sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Jake, I is in Chicago. Jake, go straight to it. I'm short on time. Alright. Hey guys. Just wanted to say Happy Father's Day. Got a girlfriend that I'm in love with Godly relationship. Go to wrap things up. Call it a night last night. And she popped a question of whether or not I want to get a prenup and a prenup For being a girlfriend. Yeah, right. No, we're we're talking about getting married. Oh, okay. Working towards that. Working towards that goal of getting married, starting a family. Why do You need a prenup? There's just assets that I probably have more assets than her. More or less.


What are your assets? Ba How much are you worth? Got about 600,000 in cash. In assets? Yeah. All Right. And what do you make Make about Buck 10 to buck 20 a Year. What's she make? She's a school teacher. She makes under 70? Yeah, probably like 65. Have y'all been married before? Either one of you? Nope. I'm 29. She's 30. We've both been engaged though, and It did not work out. I, the only time I recommend a prenup is with Extreme Wealth on one side versus the other. And 600 K is not extreme in my mind. It's a lot. Okay. You've done very well. I'm not making fun of you, but if it was 6 million, I'd probably say yeah. Okay. But if it's 600 k, I probably wouldn't.


I'm just gonna combine my assets and bet my life on this girl. Perfect. And side note, she got a, we got her, we got her out of a car payment. She about, yeah, we, she owe about 14. How did we do that? She had a car payment. And you're not married? Not married. You know, I dis Your advice and her money. Yeah, her, yeah. My advice and her money. Yeah. Good. I like that. That's good formula. Using the tools from my mentors that I watch and It is my second time calling in and you guys helped me out about three years ago in a predicament with finances and I'm debt free. Good. We're working on her getting debt free. She owes about 5,000 in student loans. Awesome, Awesome. That's Federal government's gonna help her out with at the end of the year.


What do You think? Well, you keep saying we're working towards getting married. What are you waiting on, man? Waiting on? I gotta go get, you know, do the cordial and play thing and ask your parents do It this weekend. All Right. Just do it this weekend. How long y'all been dating? We've been dating for about eight months. Okay. Okay. Nevermind. I back up. I thought you were talking, I thought you were together for like five years. My bad. Take your time bro. Take take your time. That one's on me. Jake. You're good. You're good, man. Way to go. I, I would not worry about a prenup at that level. I, it's okay to discuss these things and talk about 'em. Even document that you came into the marriage with the premarital assets.


That's an okay thing to document and, but, 'cause in most states that would be respected anyway in the event of a divorce. But I I, I don't think there's enough money there that it's gonna create weirdness in your extended family, which is usually my primary concern with a prenup is it's not you and her, it's her crazy brother that thinks he got a, that it thinks he hit the gold mine. 'cause his wife married a guy with assets. Her sister married somebody. Yeah. Some parasite in the family decides they're gonna latch on and that's the only, and you can just look at 'em and go, I can't do that. I got a prenup. It's the only, that's what it's mainly good for. And of course the end of a marriage, those kinds of things. But nah, I, I, I wouldn't Jake in this case.


Thanks for the call brother. This is The Ramsey Show Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions.


It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, number one, bestselling author and host of The Dr. John Delony Show on Ramsey Networks. Ramsey Personality. He's my co-host today. Jessica is a Missouri. Hi Jessica, how are you? I'm good. How are you Dave? Better than I deserve. What's up? I just got married in March And we Congratulations. Husband and I. Thank you. My husband and I have been working on babysit number one, but as we approach babysit number two, I've been getting a ton of phone calls and letters in the mail from different organizations offering personal debt consolidation loans.


And It is becoming more and more attractive to me to consolidate all of our debt into Just one monthly payment to help manage our monthly budget a little bit better. Possibly lower our interest rate on the debt. I just wanna know what you think of a personal loan for debt consolidation. I would not do it. No. Under no circumstances unless it was to avoid bankruptcy and you're not bankrupt. That wasn't why you called. Right? So you think it's, you you've made the mistaken assumption that one payment gets you out of debt faster than 16 payments and 16 payments added together is equal to more than the one payment, which means you're gonna get out of debt faster, continuing to work the debt snowball and you're gonna, you're gonna get the feedback loop of paying it off.


The problem with debt consolidation is number one, people roll end up rolling lower interest rates into it than they're actually gonna pay on it. Number two that because they, they started out with, I got this 26% credit card and I can get it, get it down to 12. Okay. Right. But then they roll some of the five and 6% stuff and, and 0% medical bills and other things up into it because they want this convenience of a single payment. That's problem number one. Problem number two is 88% of the time, that's nine out of 10 times that people do a debt consolidation loan. They don't change their habits. Right. And if you don't change your habits, what you're gonna do is run up more debt. So you end up at the end of the story running up all the debt again and you've still got the debt consolidation line.


So you end up doubling debt because you don't change the habits. 'cause the problem is not interest rates. The problem is the person in your mirror. Yeah. You gotta get them changed. And so you and your new husband have to sit down and say, we're gonna sell so much stuff that the dog is hiding. We're gonna take an extra job, we're gonna live on less than we make, we're not going on vacation and we're not eating out and we're gonna get rid of this stinking debt so we can have a life. How much debt have you guys got? Including my husband's student loan? It's 76,000. Okay. And what do you guys make, what's the household income now? Our total house household is 97,000 annually gross.


Okay. And so if you paid it off in two years, that'd be 34 thou or it'd be 35. It'd be like $40,000 a year. Yeah. Okay. So we're talking about three 4,000 bucks a month. You gotta put 4,000 bucks a month and you'll be out of debt in less than two years and you make 97. So all I'm asking you to do is put 40 on it and live on 57 we Yeah. Right. Yeah. Nothing. How much of, how much of, how much of the 76 is cars? 11. 11. So cars aren't the problem. How much of it's a student loan? 40. Okay, good.


And so you get out the credit cards tonight and you have a plastic surgery party, light a candle, chop 'em up into little bitty pieces. No more borrowing money. Yeah, we, we haven't borrowed anything new for the past year, so we did that a while ago, you know, got rid of all the credit cards. We didn't have any. Okay. So You quit digging a hole. That's good news. That's a good start. Yeah. Yeah, we have. And so I'm telling you, if you'll take the debt snowball list, your debt smallest to largest pay minimum payments on everything with the little one attack the little one. What's your smallest debt? I have $795 in a medical bill is my smallest One. What's your next one? $1,500 of a medical bill.


Okay. Yeah. Those two need to be gone this month. In one month we gotta pay three to $4,000 a month on this debt. You're gonna crunch it. So I guess maybe that, I don't know how to crunch numbers to get an extra three to 4,000. Like I can cut out a ton and, and get maybe an extra thousand dollars a month to pay towards it. We also have four kids and I just dunno how to keep on cutting more and more. So wait minute, do do, do you not think a family of with four kids can make it on $57,000 in Columbia Freak and Missouri? So our, our monthly, I think our Five No, listen, listen, listen. You've gotta work backwards into this because you're, all you're doing is looking down the barrel of your normal life and your normal life sucks.


It has to change, Right? Yeah. You make $97,000. If I need 40 out of that, that leaves me 50 to Right. 47. If I, if I need 40,000 bucks out of that, I got 57 left over 97 minus 40 Right. For two years. And that's not counting taxes. We got taxes coming outta that. You gotta stop your 401k contributions. You have to correct your W twos to where you're not getting a refund. You got, okay. Have you got any money in savings? Not not retirement savings. Nope. We're working on Base number one, the first thousand hundred. Okay, so you don't have a, you don't have any money stuck.


You don't have some stupid stock or Bitcoin or something laying around. No, but I was curious about taking out a loan on my 401k. I have about $25,000 In my four. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Quit borrowing your way out of debt. Well, just to pay off the debt. I know you're trying to borrow your way outta debt with a debt consolidation on your 401k loan. You're, you know, the problem is it, you have got to cut this to the bone and you gotta find $3,000 a month and you'll be outta debt in two years. If you do that, that's where you're gonna be. And, and you may need to work extra, y'all may to need to do some other stuff. The kids, you know, the travel team may not be able to do travel ballet or whatever the flip you're doing over there.


Okay. So, you know, you gotta, that's, this is the kind of stuff, this is when you gotta decide, this is what's holding us back. And and the more intense that you get, the faster you're gonna get out. And, and the faster you get out, the higher the probability is you're actually gonna get out. You're still looking for a pill to take an easy pill. You're still looking for an easy button. There is not an easy button. This is growl. Ah, I'm pissed. I'm not living like this anymore. I'm stopping this. Until you get that thing going in your voice and you don't have it yet, you're not gonna get out. You're still trying to wander or find something easy way. And I'm not accusing you of being lazy or something like that.


I'm just telling you the, the magic formula is when people lose their dadgum minds. When people go crazy and their friends think they joined a cult and their mother thinks they need counseling, these are the people that get out of debt. You gotta go nuts for a short period of time here because you guys have been living in stupid land long enough. It's time to get out. It's time to get out. Yeah. Dave, I, I hadn't considered this before 'cause I've talked about this with marriages, but I think it's the same, it almost needs to be a moment when you say the life we had is over. Yeah. We are now doing a new life. We're building a new life because I think people want to, how do we keep our life going and do this crazy Ramsey thing? No. And you can't, the life you had is over. The Crazy Ramsey thing involves a, A totally new Life.


A death and rebirth. That's it. A phoenix. Our life was over. It was fun. And it's exhausted now. Now we're, we're going to live a new life. Yeah. Not only did we cut up the credit cards, we're selling everything in sight. The kids are next. Right? I mean, this is you guys. Everybody in the house is going to work. Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are now your new friend. No Fancy friends for two years. Everybody's gonna live. Yeah, You're gonna be All Right. You need get it done. Yeah. You, you can't jump that much higher in Air Jordan's anyway. I mean, you can, but it's Cool. No, you can't.


Hey guys, I love summer, but do you ever notice how fast money can get outta hand this time of year? You know how It is. You wanna make all these great memories. It's so easy to just put your brain in beach mode and swipe that credit card. But then you end the summer saying, where the heck did all this debt come from? Look, I want you to have some fun. I just want you to plan for it with a budget. The EveryDollar budget app is the easiest way to make a plan for your money. And I'm telling you right now, when you do that, you'll see that a budget doesn't confine your money. It defines it, it puts you in control of where your money's going. So you can enjoy your summer without overspending or going into credit card debt. So go download EveryDollar for free in the App store or Google Play right now.


Two weekends are now on sale for the Money and Marriage Getaway. You can spend three incredible days here in Nashville with your spouse learning the tools to strengthen your connection, deepen your intimacy and money with Dr. John Delony and Rachel Cruz. Now this will be seriously fun. It's in November or in February, two different events we're doing. And there are weekend long events here at the Ramsey ca campus and right here in Nashville, tickets start as low as 7 49 per couple. Get the tickets for the lowest price before the end at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Ramsey or slash getaway, or click the link in the show notes and you can check out all the possible options there and get signed up. You do wanna do this, John? You guys have a lot of fun at this. It's my favorite thing that I'm a part of here. Yeah. We have an absolute blast and they always sell out. People come from, we had people from different countries last year. We have people who are engaged. We have people who've been married forever. Like, it's awesome. I love it.


All Right. Up next is gonna be Jane in Fort Worth. Hey Jane. What's up? Yes sir. My name is, yeah, you know my name. Sorry. I have questions regarding what to do about my mom and my two youngest sisters who just graduated high school and college. They're in a bad situation and they're trying to get out here to us. And we were looking at Out, out, out here From where? Sorry? From Oregon to Fort Worth. Okay. And why, why are they in a bad situation? Abusive sir. Okay, so like a stepfather or father? Yes, sir.


Okay. All Right. Have they left yet? No, sir. We've been trying to financially get them where they can leave and we've been offering to take them in and we're finally in a situation where we can do that in a better, so we were looking at either renting another place to help them initially for them, like first and last, set them up. They're, they're actively looking for jobs, sir. Or we could go ahead and buy a place that we could all live in. 'cause that, that's our goal anyways. Mm. And and eventually we're gonna take my mom.


No Sir. No, let's get 'em into a rental and get a, get, get a sustainability and get 'em out of the abuse now. Okay. They don't need to be there another minute. Yes sir. They need to leave. Tell 'em, tell 'em to get down there this week and y'all find 'em a rental property. That's, it's that simple sir. And then they get jobs and they create a sustainable life and they begin their healing process. Yeah. This is a, there's a world of hurt going on here and there's a process they're gonna go through to, to heal after this John. Yeah. And this is gonna sound counterintuitive, but part of their healing will be their bodies learning to trust them again too. And that sounds like a mess.


We don't have time to go into it all. But you saying that we've set you up. We've got your first month's rent taken care of. It's super generous And we paid the deposit, which is the last month's rent, the first thing y'all need to do here, get here and get a job. Even if it's just not a forever job, of course. But just something and will give them something to go towards. Not just running from an awful situation and just sitting. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. So that would actually be a blessing. But you, them staying there for another day while you put your house on the market and you know, look for a house and it closes in 30 to 60 days. Well, and you don't need to be living with people that are going through this healing process. They need to be doing. It's good for them in the healing to stand alone and create a sustainable environment.


The dignity of that. They're will help from the Abuse. And you'll be over there all the time anyway, right? Yes. Yeah. Y'all are, y'all are good family. Me, man. These, is this your brother, sister? Who is this? It's my mom and my two youngest sisters. Okay. How old are the, how old are your youngest sisters? Last time I checked I'm, it's terrible to keep track. 18 and 22 I think. Okay. So they're everybody's old enough to work then? Yes. Yes. Okay. They've been working part-time. Tell them They going their clothes and come to Texas now. Yeah. Get outta that mess right Now. That's what I've been telling him to do. Yes. Right now. Yes. My husband as well.


Yeah. And if you gotta put 'em in a hotel for a week while you get a hou a rental house lined up, that's fine. They need to leave. Okay. The abuser. Now, lemme tell you, in a domestic violence situation, in an abuse situation, the, the victim will hang on and hang on and hang on and hang on and have every excuse in the world to hang on because they Yes. They have this ridiculous idea that the moron who's using them as a punching bag is going to change. They need to leave now. Okay. Yes sir. We've been trained. Yes. Now I'm, I'm, I'm serious. I'm gonna get up in their face because they are in danger.


They need to leave now. I'm, I'm fully aware what, yes. So we've been trying to get, we've been trying to get them to leave immediately. Yeah. But they keep coming up with, Lemme ask this, why is the 18 and 22-year-old staying there? They're, they're, they're emancipated. They can go. Why are they choosing to stay in that mess too? They're there just to stay with my mom. Stay your mom okay as well Is let's be Hey. So they don't leave her behind If we're really honest. Is your mom gonna leave or no? Yes. Yes, she will. She's going to leave Then Why hasn't She, we, I grew up financially no. Nowhere To go. No. Right now you've told her you would take care of the hotel, move, go right now, load your stuff in the car and come now why hasn't she done that?


My mom and my sisters are not liking the fact that they have to leave. They don't, they, it's a whole stand your ground. They, they, they, how do they put it? They shouldn't be the ones to leave. I Got it. I got it. They shouldn't be, it's not fair. They shouldn't Be. It's not fair. Yeah. But it's also not gonna change. Yeah. Yes. I, yes. Yeah. Yeah. We're preaching to the choir here. We know. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You, this is your only option. Yeah. And no, you don't need, It is not good for them to be in the same property with you. It is not good for them at all. They need the emotional healing and the dignity of creating a sustainable life without the abuser and without sister being a crutch.


And so you can support them and help 'em get started, like John said, help 'em get, get, get moved. But man, this is, this is bad. Yeah. And, and lemme tell you what, stand your ground usually means something violent in reverse. Yeah. And you don't need to be doing that. That's not a good phrase to use. That's a phrase used in the law about protecting your home and shooting someone. That's not a phrase you should be hearing coming outta their mouth right now. They need to get out of there and even though it's not Right, not fair or whatever, divorce will take care of taking, taking the house away from him. You don't have to worry about that. And Wow. It's probably been going on for years. Hmm. Michael is in Atlanta. Hey Michael.


What's up? Hey, it's great to speak with you today. You too. Back in 2008, my wife and I, we pretty much lost everything when all the mortgage crisis went down our house and everything. And why at the time it was the worst thing that ever happened to us. Why? We had a lot of people file bankruptcy. We owned several businesses. They filed bankruptcy against us. Oh, I see. Okay. We lost a lot of money and one day we got $62,000 worth of bankruptcy notices. Wow. Okay. So we had to start over. And you know, Like I said, at the time, it was the worst thing that ever happened. Now looking back, it's the best thing that ever happened to me because I refused to let it happen again.


Amen. And we've rebuilt everything. We now own our hou another house. It's valued at 680,000. We owe two 70 at 2.875. I'm currently investing $5,000 per month into our retirement. My wife is putting in another 1200 through her work doing the, we're we're working on baby step number six. My question is, we're planning on selling the house in four years due to, I've got some health conditions. I've got something called Dish and OPLL. Basically my spine's fusing itself together and we're one of the downsizes.


And knowing that, should we continue putting that 5,000 into our retirement and savings and bonds? 5,000 a year or a month? A month, every month. What's your household income? About 120,000. No, you should not be putting in, you should only be putting 15% of your household income into retirement at this stage. That, that was my curiosity is because I, yeah, 15, 15% is nowhere near $70,000. You're putting $70,000 away. Yep. Yes Sir. Jesus, man, you're way too much going in there. Yeah. You need to be lowering that to only 15% of your household income, which is a lot less than this.


And throw in the difference at the mortgage. I wouldn't stop retirement, but I would lower it to 15%. That's baby. Step four five is kids college sixes pay off the house early. Hang on. I'm gonna send you a copy of the book, the Total Money Makeover to help you walk through this.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. Do you ever feel like insurance companies only care about your money and not what you actually need? Well, there's a better way. When you Go to Ramsey's Insurance Resource Hub, you'll start feeling confident that you're getting the right coverage that's truly best for you. You'll find helpful info on everything from life insurance, health insurance, identity theft, protection and more. And when you're ready to get the coverage you need, you can connect with a Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pro, who will only get you what you need at the best price. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance


In the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage. Ben and Sarah are with us. Hey guys, how are ya? Doing well, welcome. Where do you guys live? Well, I guess Paducah, Kentucky is our closest big city. Okay, well welcome to Nashville. Good to have you. And how much debt have you paid off? We paid off $42,000. All Right. And how long did that take? 11 months. Good For you. And your range of income during that time? At that time it was about 70,000 during that period. Okay, cool. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a senior project manager of residential projects for a roofing exterior company. And I'm a stay-at-home mom. Okay. Very cool. Good. What kind of debt was the 42,000 Oh credit.


There was a medical, yep. Credit cards and then there was credit cards. Yep. Consumer and then stuff. Our house Improvements. And it was, it was our heloc, which was, we didn't have a, a mortgage. The HELOC was the only thing against our house. So when we paid it off, we paid off everything. So your house is debt free? Yeah, we are. We are Completely way To go. Completely clean. We don't own nobody a dime in the whole world. I Love it. What's the house worth? I, I would guess probably somewhere at two 50. Two 60. Wow. Good for you. How's that feel? Great. Feels good. No payments in the world. Way to go, you guys. Excellent job. Very cool. Alright, so what started this journey here 11 months ago? Well, we were, we were in Florida.


We had a house And we bought it the wrong way. And it was, we had Airbnbs. It was just, it, it was the anxiety levels, just huge. And so we, we, we wanted a place where we could live, like, and actually afford to live, afford to have, you know, all of our kids and, you know, be able to just do all the things. And so we moved to Kentucky and then we started to go backwards. And it was like our dream of, of moving from Florida to Kentucky and then having a home outright and all those sort of stuff. It just kind of, you know, things just would come up and it just sort of was fading farther and farther and farther away. And I remember one point, I, I looked at it, I was like, man, this is gonna be like four, five years now. We thought we were so close and it was just, it just kept getting farther and farther away Before we'd be homeowners out.


Right? Yeah. Yeah. Yep. It was. And so then we found your YouTube videos and just we're watching along. And it was a couple months. We got the books from the library, and then We got the EveryDollar App. We got the EveryDollar app, And we were getting, like, we were like really close to that tipping point. And it, it was, It was the day after our son was born. No, the day of. The day of like, yeah, it was After, after, it was an hour after she gave birth to our fifth son. And he's like, I think we should stop using credit cards. And at first I said, no. And he's like, I think we should stop using credit cards. And I said, okay, well if we're gonna do it, we're gonna do it all the way. Do it. And so then like, I could feel the intensity.


She's like, if we're gonna go through this, It is, It is, It is. We're, We're not having it. The the real deal. Not, not, not halfway is nothing. And so then my response was, well then I'm not gonna buy any cigars, no bourbon, no guns, no ammunition until all this is cleaned up. And then her response was, guess Pretty much Go to McDonald's Anyway. Much like doubled down. And you know, I mean, we just did our normal working stuff. We had $17,000 in a independent brokerage account that cleaned it down to 25. And then we just didn't buy anything for 11 months. And Sarah just managed our home so well. And just nothing that we bought at the grocery store went to waste.


And she just, she just made, made everything just as it could be so that we could just get it all in behind us in our rearview area. Did They let you stay in Kentucky? If you don't drink bourbon or buy ammunition? It was Really hard. It was really hard. It was against the law there. Yeah. To kick you Out. They'll revoke your passport, man. Oh, way To go, y'all. It's amazing, guys. I mean that, that's, you know, when people are gonna do It is when they start going, okay, the things that matter to me, I'm gonna set 'em on the shelf. 'cause now getting out debt matters more. And this is not forever. We're gonna live like no one else, so that by God, we can live like no one else and give like no one else. And, and, and you know, like you said, no McDonald's, we're gonna eat no eating out.


We're not, the kids are, you know, and 11 months after a new baby you're done house and everything. Everything. Yep. Wow. That was very intense. Oh, yes. Yep. But you know, yeah, I, I hear people say, you know, it's a, it's a year of saying no, but it was really, I think of it as a year of saying yes. Like, Yes sir. Sure. We, we, we did things like going to parks, having fires in our backyard, things that didn't cost money. And we were saying yes the entire year to what starts now and moves forward. That's just, you know, we just, the whole year, it's like, no, we're not saying no to doing these things. We're saying yes, yes to the future. Yeah. The we, yes. We're gonna have a great future.


Yep. Yes. We can live like no one else later. Yep. Because now we're paying a price. That's a good way of looking at it. I like that framing. Very, very good. Very Cool. And how many kids do you have? Five. Five. You know, you have a bunch of kids when you're having finance discussions an hour after one of 'em is born, right? Yeah. We're like, All Right, well we got the fifth one done. Now let's see, let's open the spreadsheets and look at the budgets. Well, And the medical bills were from the fourth son, So Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. We're like, oh, okay. Well, you know, we had another son here and this one over here is not even paid off yet. Yeah, Yeah. Gotta make sure this one doesn't get repoed. We gotta clean this up. Yeah, Well done you guys. Very well done. Hey, the good news is, is that the switch flipped for both of you at about the same time.


Yep. Yeah, I mean, you both, something about that birth and that new baby coming said, okay, we really gotta do this. And you're just, you, you within hours are looking at each other going, we gotta do this. Yep. And that, that's pretty impressive. That's the good news. 'cause we run into so many couples, it's six months or a year later before the spouse gets on board, whichever spouse It is. Right. And that kind of thing. But you guys had just, you, you were, you were messing with it. You already had made a sacrifice, you'd already moved and everything else to try to get there, but then It did, it wasn't a magic pill. You still had the deal with the stuff, right? Yep. Yeah. Wow. That's good. I like that. Very good. What do you tell people The key to getting out of debt is Trying to figure things in the event.


Whether it's a playground, whether it's an event at the library, go and find the free things in the area. Yeah. Make, make free fun. One of the biggest things for me was listening to you guys on my way to work, you know, back and forth because, you know, it's like, for those times as, as difficult as certain things were, it was like, these are the clear voices, these are the voices that tell me I'm not crazy. Listening to people do this debt-free scream. I remember sometimes I'd be like crying in the car going, that's gonna be me. That's gonna be me. And just, you know, surrounding yourself with, with, with, with, with the positive good voices that are saying, this is where you want to go. So that you just don't get lost and wander around in the middle of that journey.


Very good. You guys are heroes. I'm so proud of you. Who was, who was cheering you along? Lots of coworkers, different friends. So you were talking about this Ramsey stuff all the time, then he was You're sharing it, you're Telling you're one of those guys, huh? I, I'm, I'm a salesman. Whatever. I like, whatever I think is, is just great. I'm, I'm trying to win everybody over to doing that. So. Awesome. It's just, yeah. So we just, and you know, I'm, I'm hoping that there's a lot of other people that we know that'll, you know, come along with us so that, you know, it's kind of one of those things you, like, you jump in and the water's great. Come on in and just breathe the Air. Yeah. Amen. Amen.


So how old is your oldest? He'll be 10 in September. 10 In September. Okay. So he is nine right now. So He's old enough to know what happened. Oh Yeah. Now the kids were watching our Oldest Sue For sure. So I, I get paid for every Friday. And so every Friday we would popping it up and looking at the debt snowball and getting it closer and closer and closer. Wow. And so, you know, we didn't tell them They're, they're of a very clear memory. The time that the old man, the old lady changed their whole lives. Yep. Dadgum, family trees completely changed. 'cause you two heroes. Oh. And I remember Wilbur, he's five, one time we were riding in the car And we were playing it. And from the back seat, he just, he goes, dad, am I debt free?


And I said, yes buddy, you're debt free. And he goes, yes. And I'm like, You know, and so it's just, and then, you know, we get the little credit cards and the mail, those offers and every time we get 'em, the kids are like, can I cut it up? Can I cut it up? And we just, it's just, just, it's just, it, it It is, It is, It is just fun. 'cause we've just, we created a culture where we just, Yeah. We live in freedom. Well, and now the, but the kids have watched this and so it's seared into their memory. It is, it's foundational for them. Well done y'all. Alright. They're, they're, are they here? Yeah, they're here. Get 'em up them up there. Yeah. Quick. We gotta do free screen with you. I'm sorry, I, they're off camera. I didn't see 'em. Okay. Alright. Alright. Come on guys. Let's go. Come on, come on. Let's run, run, run, run, run.


Alright. $42,000 paid off in 11 months, making 70,000 a year. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 3, 2, 1. Where dead. Three. Yeah. There we go. But you can't do this stuff with a large family. Absolutely you can. Those guys are heroes.


You work your butt off for your money, but your money's never going to return the favor. If all you do is hope for the best. If you're ready to learn how to make your money work for you, check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor can help you find advisors who specialize in retirement planning, charitable giving, advanced investing strategies and more. Whatever your goals, your pro will take the time to explain your options so you never have to invest in anything you don't understand. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart to get connected. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating. Pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart.


Our scripture today, job 34 32. The Lord detests dishonest scales, but accurate weights. Find favor with him. Earl Wilson said to sell something, tell a woman it's a bargain, and tell a man it's deductible. That'll work. Lindsay's in Shreveport, Louisiana. Hi Lindsay. How are you? Hi. Good. How are you? Good. How can I help? So me and my husband, well actually it's my husband. My husband's father passed away and they did a lawsuit against him in that lawsuit.


My husband wasn't even born yet. So they put his money aside into a trust or a settlement of some sort with the receiving of the full lump sum on his 30th birthday, which is just shy of a million dollars. Fast forward to today. His 30th birthday is in about two months, and we're not really sure what to do and with a million dollars. Wow. Wow. So I'm gonna give you my Venmo. Okay. I'm just kidding. Yeah, send it, send it to Dave's Bahama Fund, right? Yeah. All Right. No, the All Right. So what is your financial condition today?


We make roughly 50,000 a year before taxes. We're about 27,000 in debt, 20 of it being our house payment and or not our house payment. But our house, we still have about $20,000 towards our mortgage. And then we have $7,000 left on my student loans. Okay, good. And so you've been living on 50,000? Yes, sir. Okay, good. Good. All Right. Well there's three things you can do with money. And you should always practice doing all three. You can give it Okay. For generosity. You can invest it for the future and you can enjoy it.


And I would urge you to do all three things with some of this money. Okay. And I want you to develop a plan for that. And I want you to develop a, a, a, a written contract with yourselves that that's what you're gonna do. Okay. That whatever It is you're gonna do. So my personal recommendation would be, obviously I'd rather check the first day and pay off the debt. Okay. Okay. That's a very small amount out of a million. Okay. The second small check I would write is I'd put $20,000 in a high yield savings account for your emergency fund. That's all I would do there. Okay. Okay. And then with the rest of it, we've got to decide what we're going to do.


Now what do y'all do for a living? My husband's a police officer and I am stay at home. Okay. Alright. And is your plan to continue all of that? My plan is to stay at home. Yes, It is. It is. Your, the two of you, is your plan to just continue life like It is? Yeah, we want to, for the majority of the most part, we would like to put our kids, I have two kids that we would like to get in a bigger and better school district currently. Okay. So we might move, we might move. We, We would like to Move house. Okay. But he's gonna, he's gonna continue to be a police officer and you're gonna continue to stay at home. That's the plan. Well, he's gonna continue to work.


He's actually in school to be a cybersecurity specialist. Great. I like that. Okay, good plan. Let's just continue on all that plan. And so what's your current home worth? Our current home is worth about 120. Okay. And what would the move up home cost? Anywhere from 3 75 to four 50. Okay. Let's call it four 20. We're looking to, let's call it four 20 we, which means you need 300, Right? Yes. Okay. We're relocating to the DFW area and, and that seems to be the average. Okay. How are you relocating to the DFW area?


And he's continuing to be a police officer in Shreveport. He is leaving that to go do cybersecurity. He should graduate at the end of this year in December. Okay. Okay. All Right. So you, you, but you would've a job lined up before you made this move. Yes. Obviously. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm, I'm not obvious to everyone, but It is to me. Yeah. Yeah. And so, fair enough. Alright. I've talked to several people today that it wasn't obvious to, but yeah, that, yeah, that, that's what we're gonna do. Okay. So we're gonna have a job. We're gonna spend 300,000 upgrade. We're gonna sell the house in Shreveport, put 300 with it, buy something in the 400 to four 50 range. We're gonna have an a zero debt, we're gonna have an emergency fund.


And then we also probably need to upgrade some cars. And we probably need to go on a vacation. And so let's spend another a hundred thousand on that. So that's three hundred, four hundred, four fifty, five hundred, we'll call it. So you got 500,000 left to invest and do some generosity with, we're gonna upgrade your cars. We're gonna go on a nice trip. We're not going hog wild. We're not losing our mind. But we are gonna enjoy some of this. And then we're gonna invest 500,000. Okay. Now let me help you with how important that is. You need to lay every one of those things that we just talked about out. Just write 'em down, down a sheet. Just make you a little one page game plan strategy.


This is where the money's going. I'm spending the million, okay. I'm spending 300 on a house upgrade. I'm spending a trip. I'm, I'm upgrading the cars, I'm paying off the debts. I'm putting it $20,000 aside of an emergency fund. You with me on all this? Yes Sir. You just, you line item it, write down a yellow pad if you want to the, and and write it out. And then y'all initial it. 'cause this is, you gotta, you gotta freaking stick to this. 'cause when in the middle of the night when your brain starts spending this money, you, you have to tell your brain to shut up. Now the Amazon shopping spree. Darn it. Yeah. Yeah. Those things. 'cause what you can do is if you ha, if you know a million dollars is coming in, you can spend 3 million in your head. Right?


You. And that's what I'm trying to avoid. I'm laying out a game plan here. So, and then you stick to your, this is your million dollar budget. What are we gonna do with this million dollars? We're gonna have a budget, we're gonna have give every one of these dollars a name before they get here. And you guys gotta do that this weekend. Two months before the money comes, you gotta lay it out just like we laid it out. Go back and play this callback. Okay. Okay. And the two of you write it all down. Now, if you will put a half a million dollars with a Smart Investor pro, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com. Sit down with an investment professional and if you'll put a half a million dollars, $500,000 in there. How old are y'all? I'm 29 and he's going to be 30. He's getting ready to be 30. Okay. So it will, if you will put it in good mutual funds, like we're gonna talk about, it will double about every seven years.


Wow. Okay. So when you're 37, that five hundred's gonna be a million. When you're 44, it's gonna be 2 million. When you're 51, it's gonna be 4 million if you keep your stinking hands off of it. Yes. Okay. Because you had a game plan and you stick to the game plan. And then you guys go be cybersecurity, build your own wealth and DFW, restart your lives there, debt free, stay debt free, stay on a budget, stay on a plan. Live on less than you make and leave this money alone and let it double every seven years. So when, when you're like 70 years old, this is gonna be $10 million. You follow me?


I'm following you. This is an important, this is an important assignment. This is an important assignment. You are going to be one of the few people that actually becomes a millionaire because of inherited money. Very few actually do, but you're gonna do it and 'cause you're gonna do this right. And you're gonna be smart about it. So hang on, I'm gonna send you a copy of the book, the Total Money Makeover and Baby Steps Millionaires, which is the largest study of millionaires ever done. You guys need to study what millionaires do. 'cause you are getting ready to be one. And then you need to do it the way they do it so that you stay one. That's the point here. And we're also gonna put you into EveryDollar Premium with Financial Peace University, the whole shebang. Give 'em everything Christian. So, and, and everybody that thinks they need some of your money.


Lemme teach you a word. No. Oh, I was gonna say, I wouldn't, Dave, tell me if I'm wrong. I wouldn't tell anybody. I wouldn't tell the real estate agent. We just had a million bucks. I wouldn't tell. I wouldn't, I wouldn't tell the story. I Wouldn't tell the story. I would just between, you know, there's no reason to tell it. It doesn't do anything. You can tell it later someday. But in the re in the near future, until you emotionally learn to handle all of this money and the responsibility that's coming with it, the last thing you need to do is have to run off a bunch of crazy friends and relatives by saying No, no, no, no, no. Well, and the difference between spending $400,000 on a house and 650 in Dallas, Texas is, is two blocks. And that money can just evaporate on you if you're not careful.


Yeah. Yeah. That's a good, that's a good budget, by the way. Because median household median house price in America is 431,000 right now. But That means there'll be a whole bunch of other nicer houses in Dallas. You're gonna have to say no to. Yeah. No. Stick to the plan. Stick to the plan. You got a good plan. I like your plan. Now stick to it and go be a multimillionaire. I love it. That puts us out of The Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace, and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace, Christ Jesus.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new Ramsey 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist, A quick start collection of how to get started walking the Ramsey plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. And the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help, because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money.