
Hey guys, this Christmas, we're giving away cash. So enter the Ramsey $5,000 Christmas cash giveaway for your chance to win big this holiday season. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway to enter.


Now. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, get out of debt, do work that they love, and have actual amazing relationships. I'm John Delony, joined by my good friend Jade Warshaw on the night before the election. Oh, I'm gonna have popcorn, I'm gonna have drinks. I'm treating it like it's a whole event. I'm going to the woods and we are turning off the internet.


I'm gonna put my hands and feet in things that are real, like dirt and leaves. I mean, here's why I'm treating it like entertainment, because regardless of what happens, I'm going on with life. Yes. And I'm gonna do the things that I know to do, and I'm gonna love my family, and I'm gonna go to work. Like Going Jade. I don't think going, I'm gonna spending enough time in the news because depending on what happens, America is either gonna make it or it's over Going. That's what they tell us. It's Over. So, alas, now I'm with you. Yeah, I'll throw some popcorn to you out in the woods. So you have, you know, the way back. That's, Hey, we'll need that. Taking your calls live. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Triple eight. Eight two five. five two two five.


Let's roll out to Indianapolis, Indiana and talk to Chris. What up Chris? Hey, Ramsey family. how are you? We're good. What's up, ma'am? Hey, I'm blessed. I'm good. I'm, I'm fortunate to be where I'm at and I'm just kind of struggling with step seven a little bit where I feel like I. I've been able to pay off my house. I'm 41 years old and I'm at a place where I can start doing some good stuff for me and for everybody around me. I'm struggling with that. and I, I don't exactly know how to do that, where I just keep hiding my money away. and I, it's, it's going into the stock market and I, I, I don't know how to compartmentalize that.


In counseling, we call this the tyranny of accomplishing all your dreams because Yeah. Too good. Here's what, here's what you probably found out. Yep. You crossed this finish line and you don't own anybody any money. Right, Right. I'm, I'm debt free. You crossed this finish line and you are, quote unquote, a millionaire. Right? Yeah. Close enough. I'm getting wrong. And now every time you walk by the mirror, you're still, you fair? Yeah. Yeah. Or over expecting and underachieving. Well, it's not even, it's not even over expecting or underachieving. You're doing both. You've, you've achieved, you've expected, and you've achieved. It's that you thought this was gonna feel different, didn't you?


You thought somehow it would fix you from the inside out. Right. So what is it about Chris's life that you've set up that you don't love? I, I'm a little bit of a hermit and I. I just feel like I, I don't know exactly how to be good to myself or other people at this point where I'm, I'm able to have a little bit of free income to, to do some good. And I'm like, well, where, where does that go? That's just a big question mark for me. And I'm like, money, having excess money absolutely sucks. If, you have no one to share it with. Well, I was gonna ask, what was the purpose for you when you, I mean, you're on baby step seven, that's no easy accomplishment. What led you to do all of that in the first place?


It was just kind of ingrained in me. My parents were really good about coaching me, and it was just, it was ingrained in me to save every little bit that I could and to work hard. And So it was just you following directions, there wasn't really a, a deeper meaning for you? I think so. And I'm like, I'm, I'm gonna have a midlife crisis. How old are you? I'm 41. You're 21? I'm 41. 41, sorry. Geeze. 21. You're gonna about to change the game on me. Are you married? No. No. Do you wanna be Someday? Okay. So what does fun look like, man? What does joy look like? What does giving look like for you these days?


It's like being able to loosen the belt a little bit and I don't feel like I, I'm allowed, like, I've been through so much of that where I'm just like, keep it tight. And whose voice Is that? Chris, Head down and probably my own. Most of us. No, most of us have voices that are in our heads that we don't challenge. And it's important to every once someone else to stop and say, wait a minute, I'm having some gummy bears who's, who's saying I'm a piece of crap, right? Am I making a healthy choice? No. But am I a terrible, like, where is that voice coming from? Whose voice is that, Chris, that says there's always something bad around the next corner. Who's saying that?


Is it the news? Is it your mom? Is it the politicians? Is it an old coach of yours? Somebody has ingrained in this continuing to sit on your shoulder and pump information into your head that says, if you spend this money, do you know what's gonna happen next? Do you know? Do you know? Do you know? Do you know what's gonna happen next? Whose voices? I I don't even know. I'd, I'd spend some time with that. 'cause John is teaching right now. I would really sit down and spend some time with that. 'cause he's not wrong. Oh, and here, here's what, here's what most people who have a scarcity mindset, and this is gonna sound ridiculous to the rest of the world. and I, don't care. Chris, you want, you wanna path outta this for real. Are you, are you being serious about your question?


Yeah. All right. You're gonna have to put a budget line in money I will spend on myself. Money I will take myself out to eat with. And most importantly, money I will invest in taking with oth doing stuff with other people. Yeah. Now, I'm a fellow prepper. I'm a fellow scarcity minded guy. Okay? I, I grew up, money was scarce. It was tough to come by. It was a lot of tension in my house that is in my nervous system. So one of the rules I have when I buy a concert, I could go to concerts by myself all day long and I know it's not good for me and it's not fun, but I do it anyway. So now when I buy a concert ticket, I buy two Nice.


Or I buy four A 'cause I've been blessed and I want friends to go with me and have, and if they can't afford it, who cares? I want to take a group of guys. I want to go have a blast. Right? See what I'm saying? So you have to put that in your budget and you have to hold yourself accountable the same way you hold yourself accountable to getting outta debt. It's the same level of discipline and the same awkwardness. Because that's, that's a big part of it is that, that it all feels kind of awkward at this point where I'm like, well, well now what? Nothing good. Nothing good You're gonna accomplish isn't awkward at first. You should have, go back and listen to the very first time I answered a call on the show. It like redefines awkward homie. It was so bad.


True for all of us. By the way, James sent an email and was like, fire him now. Fire him now. He still sends that email every week. He still, he actually still sends that email a lot. Do you have a couple of guys in Indianapolis? You can, you can start meeting with once a week. Monthly. Monthly. But Yeah, like, I'll, I'll work on that weekly. Yeah. I like that. That's my challenge to you. My challenge to you is to find a group of guys that you can start doing life with. And by the way, most romantic relationships come from one or two places. You run into somebody at work or you run into somebody that your buddy says, Hey, you need to meet my friend. So-and-so, or my friend's friend. So-and-So a lot of it comes on the Internets too that don't do that.


Meet people in real life. Hang out with your buddies. Will you make that commitment? Yes. Jade, what am I missing here? I don't think you're missing anything. I think the, the key here is money is supposed to be relational. And when you x that part out of it, it's, it, it kind of is like, why did I do all this? What was it all for? Yes. Yes. And so I think that's the part that's missing. Most of us have some sort of relational connection to our money and why we spend the way we spend and why we develop the habits that we develop. And it was kind of interesting 'cause when you were talking about it, it really just sounded like someone told me to do this, so I just went out and did it. And you never found your personal and relational connection to what it is and why you're doing it.


But John just laid out a beautiful plan for you and I love that. Here's what, here's what stinks about my life. Statistically speaking, maybe I got 45 years left, maybe. Oh gosh, John, This is getting dark. Yes, But listen, I got about 45 years left and money's gonna allow me to stay alive and to be super generous and to have some great memories. That's right. That's right. And after that I'll be gone. That's right. Right. And so what are we actually gonna do with this stuff? We're gonna serve each other. We're gonna take care of our neighbors. That's the whole point. And we're gonna have a lot of laughs. Yeah. That's why it says where your money is, your heart is also, it's a relational component. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back.


Hey guys. George Kamel here for Delete Me. I saw a headline the other day that made me squirm. One third of the US Population's background info is now public. We're talking 115 million Americans personal info out there in cyberspace for data brokers to buy, sell, and trade like Pokemon cards and data theft happens all the time. Data brokers get your info, like your name, address, phone number, even your kids' names, and then boom, it's available to online bad guys. But to that Delete Me says not so fast. That's because Delete Me finds and removes your personal info from hundreds of these data broker sites and they send you an easy to read report showing you exactly what they did and how much time they've saved you. What I love most is that delete me reduces the risk for scams for me and my family. Not to mention that we get fewer creepy ads and robocalls. So it's time to take control of your online privacy, their individual Delete Me plans start as low as nine bucks a month and you can get 20% off if you go to join delete me.com/ Ramsey. That's join delete me.com/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show triple 8 8 2 5 five two two five. Taking your calls live.


Guess what? Christmas will be here before you know it's Yeah. And that means Ramsey has some epic Christmas deals happening right now. If you're looking for something to bring your family closer together this season, we've got you covered. Some of our most popular questions for humans decks are now just 12 bucks. These are good for sitting around at the holiday season, putting your screens down and not just staring off into space or, or talking about politics or whatever. Oh man, never that. Listen questions for humans. Decks are just 12 bucks. The limited edition holiday decks for Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's. They always sell out. They're back. Jade's book, money's Not a math problem is also on sale now. It's, you can get it for 12 bucks. Listen, buy gifts that actually help people this year, not gifts that are gonna end up either in the trash or in just some, some back closet pile that someone's got to get rid of someday. These deals are a great way to stay on budget while giving gifts that can make a real difference. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store and if you're listening on YouTube or the podcast, you can click the link in the description, check 'em out.


All right, let's go out to C Chi Town and talk to Matt. What up Matt? How we doing man? Hi. It's an honor to talk to you, Jayden. John, It's an honor to talk to you, man. What's up? Thanks to y'all teaching. We're wrapping up, baby. Step three. Getting ready for 4, 5, 6. Yay. Yay. Paid off a hundred and yeah, sorry. Paid off. 190 2K date, 190 2K in debt. We have 410 on our mortgage. Nice. Our household income is 300 K, 200 of which is from my job and a hundred of which is from my whats Wait Down. You'll blow by that. I know That's lots of dollars. What do you do for a living? I'm a software engineer and my wife is an amazing nurse. Wow. You're debt free. 192,000 you paid off.


How long did that take? We started in March of this year. 128 was an RV that we learned we didn't need. Okay. Okay. Wow. Wow. Congratulations. I'm happy for you. This Is good. Oh, thank you so much. Okay, so as we get ready to turn retirement back on, we want to know where the backdoor Roth falls into this. We've heard it's matched Roth traditional. We've also heard to match out traditionals in 4, 5, 6. So it falls in the same category. You're right. Mat match beats Roth, beats traditional. So If, you have a match with the traditional 401k. You would start there if you had a Roth 401k, you could start there. Which one is yours?


We both have a match. We just weren't sure if, if the back door fell into the same order because of the taxes that we'd have to pay to, to open like the post tax and convert. So it would be slightly over the 15%. So just double checking that it was still matched Backdoor Roth and then traditional. I would still do it that way. I do do it that way. Okay. Lemme just put it like that. Excellent. Does that answer your question? It sure does, man. Congratulations. Ding ding. Yeah, thank you Allall for that. You bet. Thanks for the call. No, Dude. Hey, just listen. We talk a lot on a podcast or like on the YouTubes. You're the one actually grunting this out on a day-to-day basis, making a budget looking at your spouse, and y'all saying yes and no and we're in or we're not. Like you're the one making this thing work.


I'm proud of you, dude. Hey, while I have you, can I ask you a quick question? You bet. This is totally unrelated to anything. Thumbs up or thumbs down on ai? Are we doomed or are we gonna be all right? You're a software engineer, so you're the smartest guy. No, on this topic. Oh man, I, I think we're gonna be okay. I have no worries after finding the Ramsey, you know plan though. So either way I'm gonna be okay. So if they take your job and you find yourself in a Illinois cornfield or cornfield, you're gonna be okay. That's gonna be Akay, Dude. Listen to that guy. See James, we're gonna be all right. It's all gonna work out for us in the end. All right, let's go out to New Orleans, Louisiana and talk to Zachary.


What's up Zachary? Hey, what's going on guys? thank you for taking my call. You got it, dude. What's up? Just got a quick question about paying off my mortgage. I'm on baby steps four, five, and six right now and I'm currently putting an extra $500 a month towards the mortgage. Nice. My wife and I bought it a house back in March of this year. We put 15% down on it and been putting 500 down every month since we started making payment Way go. But I'm just curious if I should be doing more. It depends on, it depends on if you want to listen that 500 that you're doing extra every month is just busting your amortization schedule in the face.


Like Mike Tyson. You're gonna be done with this before you know it. And so at the end of the day, this is about you being intentional with your wife. You guys sitting down and saying, how much do we wanna do? You know, you're at the point where you should enjoy some of the fruit of your labor a little bit. and I, I can't tell you what that number is, but you can sit down with your wife and decide, I like that. You already have a regular kind of rhythm of how often that you pay. And at this point it's about margin. How much margin do you wanna put towards this and how much do you wanna put towards living and enjoying your life? Well, I guess that's the, the problem that I'm having is finding that line between how much do I want to enjoy what we've accomplished versus how much, you know, how quickly do we wanna pay down the house?


Okay, then let me tell you a story. 'cause I, the best way to think of this is just in context of your life. So for my husband, Sam and I, it took us seven and a half to 10 years to do the first three baby steps. Okay. And those are the most intense baby steps. So by the time we got to baby step six, we were like, yo, we've already spent a decade going hard in the paint. So we do less, like for us, that line is a lot less. It's like, we're gonna enjoy our life a little bit more. We're still being intentional over here, but we're not sweating to do this. So I like to ask people, listen, how long did it take you to do the first three baby steps? Because if it didn't take you long, if you had a windfall or you sold, you sold something fine.


Yeah. If you want to go a little bit more intensely now, that's fine. But if you've already spent years with your head down, there is a part of that that I want you to take a breather and enjoy life. Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. 'cause it took me probably about three to four years, 'cause I was starting a new career when I started the process. And so it just over time as I, I started to make more and more money through promotions and stuff. It took a while because I didn't have much margin to begin with. And so I guess now it's like a cash flow. We cash flowed the wedding and the honeymoon. Yeah. Good. All of that. So I guess now it's, it's finding that, you know, that happy middle ground of still being intentional enough, but enjoying everything we've accomplished.


Yeah. So after, let's, let's keep the $500 going after that. What would you say your margin is for, for fun money? Like after you've done all the things that make you a financially responsible adult? So it ranges. I'm actually a lineman with the local power company here. Nice. And so it just depends on the overtime. Some months it could be after everything's said and done, we've got a thousand to 1500. Sometimes it could be more. Okay, good. I think as long as you are, you guys are prioritizing your values as a family at this point. If you guys value getting away just you and your wife once a quarter and you're doing that, if you value taking a nice family vacation every year and you're doing that, I think as long as you're doing the things that you value as fun things, family things, memorable things, the, the things that feel you, make you feel like what I'm doing, the time I'm spending on my work is worth it.


Right. Because you wanna feel like I'm working for something and now it's worth it. As long as you're doing those things, If, you have money above and beyond that. Yeah. Put it on the mortgage. Okay. Above and beyond the 500 is what I'm saying. Yeah. And, and Jay, lemme say this and, and Zach, this is to you too, so everybody listening, but th those from those seasons for me have ebb and flowed. Yeah. There's been seasons when I need to take a break, right? Yes. Yes. And then there's been seasons when I, I wake up and I'm like, I can't believe focus anybody, anything. and I, I re-get insane again. Yes. And for me, it, it's the same as I yesterday. I was feeling extra stressy about the election stuff and all that. I was in Kroger and I literally made this choice.


I am gonna feel bad tonight and I'm gonna buy a bunch of junk food right now. Yeah. And so my rule of thumb is I don't ever wanna fall off the wagon, but occasionally I'll park the wagon, climb down and roll around in the mud and then I'll climb back in. Right. I think We need that as human Beings and I think, I think the key is intentional. Yeah. Like you and Sam, like decade. We are intentionally gonna slow this thing down. Yeah. And we're gonna live our lives now. Yes. And on the other side, for the, for me, I'm gonna intentionally dump gas on this thing 'cause I am losing sleep over it. Yeah. I wanna be gone. Yeah. Right. But I think intentionality is that magic word. I Love that. You're you're exactly right. I think you're talking to everybody. That's such a relatable thing. There's that moment where that terminator too red light turns on in my brain and I'm like, we are dropping all the extra money on the mortgage.


And then there's times where I don't have that times where I'm like, I need new recliners. Like that's right. Right. I'm not playing this game right now. I need mama needs to live. That's right. So that is a very real thing when you're in baby steps four, five, and six. Just, it's okay. It doesn't have to be balls to the wall. You can chill out a little bit. A little bit. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable in field of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Jade Warshaw, taking your calls on money and life and relationships and work all of it. Triple eight, Eight two five five two, two five. Let's go out to Dayton, Ohio and talk to Kane. What's up Kane? Hey, how's it going? Doing all right man. How about you. Pretty good. I got proposed a business offer to take over a business from an older gentleman who has no kids and wants to retire. I wouldn't have enough to put it all down, but I was just wondering what some falls would be of that. Okay. Were you working in the business before?


How did you come across this offer? I actually reached out to do some private work through Facebook. The guy also has some rentals and he needed some employees. And yes, I have got my EPA certifications for refrigeration. and I was a plumber for three years for a construction company. So what's the business? It's a HVAC and plumbing business. Kind of a smaller town, but there's three of 'em collected together and there's quite a bit of work for that company. Okay. Okay. How's it doing? I mean, have you looked at the numbers and is it profitable? And if so, how well are they doing? No, that's, that's kind of what I was, another thing I wanted to get into.


I hadn't went across that bridge completely. I'm gonna shadow 'em tomorrow and see how it's going. I just, if it is profitable, I, I did all this research, maybe you can tell me if I researched it right. But roughly two to three times the business yearly profits is usually what a business like that would go for. Okay. Being a smaller Business. Yeah, you're right about that. It's a net present values, what they call it. Okay. What I would not do is go down to a local bank and get a loan and buy this guy out. Or I wouldn't go call the SBA and take out SBA loan and try to buy this guy Out. Negative. Yeah. This guy said that the guy that he originally started from, he, they did it as a private deal.


He put, I think he said 20 grand down and skimmed the profits off to him Yeah. As payment until the business was paid for. And then it was essentially his, That's, that's not a bad idea if you just say, Hey, I wanna receive a salary from the business, but you're paying all the profits back to the seller until he receives the full amount. You could structure something like that. 'cause that way you're not in debt to him. You can, and you'll have made a salary for your work over x number of years, and let's say you have to walk away, or the economy implodes or whatever happens, you won't be stuck with a worthless business, and yet the bank is still calling the note on your loan.


Okay. Do you get what I'm saying? This is also better for the seller because this is better for the seller because anybody who's gonna come in with maybe cash or credit or some sort of investor is probably gonna low ball them because they have debt on it. As opposed to you who's saying, Hey, I I value the business that you're in. Let's work together. Keep the valuation that you have. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes perfect sense. and I just kind of wanted to make sure that I didn't go down the wrong rabbit hole of looking into this. I'm gonna make up completely, I'm gonna completely fabricate numbers here. Okay. So don't use my math, just kind of get the spirit of what I'm saying. Let's say after all expenses were paid, this business pay is sitting on $350,000 cash end of every year.


You've already done your depreciating assets. You, you put money aside, you've got all that stuff taken care of. You paid all your bills, okay. And you decide, I'm gonna take him a hundred KA year as a salary, as the owner, as the president of this company, I'm gonna pay him. Okay. And let's say we decided on a million dollar sale price. I'm gonna give him $250,000 over four years. And at the year four, this will have, this will be signed over to me. I'll own the whole thing. Okay. That's different than going to a bank and saying, I need a million dollar loan. 100% and I'm gonna write him a million dollar check. And then I'm gonna hope that I make that back over the next four years.


Okay. And as well as hope the market doesn't crash in that particular business. It, It, let's say, let's HVAC here. Here's the worst case scenario for you and for him. Worst case scenario is the market crashes in two years. Nobody wants a plumber anymore. Yeah. Business is bad. Which by the way, if we're in that world, I don't wanna be in that world. Right? I think we're always getting published. Right. But let's pretend that happens. And that happens in two years. You will have made a hundred grand a year as the president or CEO, whatever you wanna call yourself, of your, of this company. He will have made 250 grand a year. So he, he would've received $500,000. Okay. And, and that's under the made up numbers I'm just using then it, it all falls apart.


It all goes away. And you, you come to him and you say, Hey, I'm tearing this contract up. I'm walking away. And he says, I'm gonna sue you. And what, he still has a half a million dollars that he has earned over two years. you have been paid for your wages. And there's not a bank saying, Hey, I want my money back. Right. Do you get the difference? And now he may look at you and say, go jump in a lake. I'm not doing this. We're gonna structure a dollar amount and you're gonna owe me this dollar amount. Jade and I would just tell you four years, five years, six years, who knows what the world's gonna look like. That's another presidential election away. Let me put it that way. Who knows what the world's gonna look like. Right. So I would not inve I would not put myself on the hook like that downstream.


Right. Right. and I, that's, that kind of really solidifies my answer. I was leaning towards it, but I just, you know, I I I am doing the baby steps. I haven't particularly went through it, but I do have enough for six months wages and I am investing 11%. What is the into retirement? What Is the amount of the business? What, what is he selling it for? Like I said, I hadn't quite gotten into that. Maybe I should have had that information before I called you guys. Oh, yeah. But I'm gonna job shadow him tomorrow and kind of after the day, you know, make sure that he is really a profitable, I wouldn't not after the day, I would do this for a little while. Yeah. How, how, how old are you, Kane?


I'm 22. Okay. I'm gonna say something and not at you. I'm gonna say it with you, okay. Okay. You're wandering into what I'd call adult land. Big boy, big girl land. Okay. Okay. And that's when you say things like, I need to see the last four years of your books or the last five years of your books. I need to see all the outstanding debts. I need to see any notes you have called. And I'm gonna have an accountant look over it all. And can I, can I, can I, I'm, I'm rolling the, the canoe back for a minute. What everything that John said, and everything that I've said about structuring this deal is accurate. I don't like this for you. I'm just gonna come out and say that. 'cause I, I want to go on record as saying for you at your age, I'd like you to get your feet, what, starting your own business first before you just up and take on something that, there's so many learning curves, I think in business.


Right? and I would love for you to learn those with lower stakes before you come in and learn them with high stakes where there's really a lot of money on the line and there's a timeframe Employees. Yeah. And there's a timeframe where you're having to kind of, yeah. Like, if this is the salary that I'm paying back, I'm getting my salary, I'm paying him back. There is gonna be a term to that. And you are gonna have to make good on that depending on how you structure it. Right? So, mama Jay doesn't like this for you yet. I'm just gonna say that. So Let me ask you, what do you think, what's the difference gonna be gonna be between you running out and getting your own business? The, the, the clientele market is, is pretty stiff.


The reason why they're loyal to him, so to speak, is because he takes service calls. So if the furnace goes down at midnight, he will be there at midnight and he is a one man show. So that's kind of how this business proposition came about. But the thing about it is, But at midnight, Here's the thing, go ahead. You can be amazing at your job. You can know HVAC very well. You can be good with customers. It doesn't mean you're good at running a business. Yeah. And that's the part that I want you to learn on your own first, are you, are you an organized person? Are you good with operations? Are you good with logistics? Are you good with handling? You know, all of those ins and out payroll, like, are you good with that stuff? Because if it's a one man show it, it is requiring you to wear all those hats.


And the truth is, no one gets it all right the first time. Like, there's quite a learning curve there. and I, like I said before, I'd love for you to learn that with lower stakes. And, and, and dude, I, I'm gonna re recant on my support too. Here's why. This is a, you just said this is a one man shop. His wife actually writes down the payroll and they take it to an accountant. But Other than that, it's a one. So it's, it's a one employee shop. So what you're buying is His book of business, His book of business. You do not need to do that. You need to open up a local Facebook marketplace ad and say, I will be there 24 7, 365, midnight, 2:00 AM I will be there.


And you're gonna get a few calls, you're gonna show up at midnight and you're gonna start your own business. You don't buy somebody's clients from them in this one man shop kind of way. I mean, you can do that. I wouldn't do it. It if it was a big company, maybe, but yes, I agree. I'm recounting on my offer. I am too.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude. And most of us have people in our lives that we're grateful for. One of those people for me is the wonderful Marilyn Fannon. She gave me a chance, she taught me poise and professionalism, and she challenged me. But there's one person that we often don't take time to think ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're barely surviving or that we're moving forward, or that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything seems to have gone bonkers, it's not always easy to be grateful. So here's my reminder to thank the people in your life, including you. And sometimes to do that, we need some professional help. We need to talk to someone trained to help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season. That's why I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, and you can talk with your therapist at just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get match with a licensed therapist, and you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost This season. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. We are on election Eve. Indeed. Did you want me to say more? No, I just like to feel the tension. People are driving, they're squeezing their, they're squeezing their, their, their steering wheel a little bit tighter. Oh yeah. Or they're like doing construction work and they're just turning the NCH a little bit harder. I should have went dun dun Dun. I know. This could be the last podcast to ever produce The Ramsey Show question the day has brought to you by Why Refi. Talk about that was a great transition. Love that James trains us on our transitions. I think I nailed that one. James Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch, and it gives you a low fixed rate loan built just for you.


Cherise Kay lowered her payment from $2,000 to 680 bucks a month with Why Refi. You can do something similar. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today to learn more. That's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey. And this may not be available in all states. That's A big deal. Wow. Okay. Today's question comes from Maggie in Utah. She says, my husband and I are in our early to mid fifties, and he plans to retire at 60. I'm not sure when I will retire. We have about 3.5 million in assets. Our children are 16 and 21. When is the right time to sit down with one or both of our kids to go over our assets in case something happens to us?


I think our 21-year-old son would not be affected by the news and go on about his life as usual, if we tell our daughter who's 16, I'm afraid she will get stars in her eyes about all the things she could buy. We don't plan to die soon, but you never know what could happen in life. Yeah. I think that's a great question. I wonder, it it it's all really gonna be based on what your, what your will is and what you plan to do with this money. I mean, obviously I would not have this set up, John, that if something happened, like if something happened to Sam or I or I, the kids aren't getting all of this money lickety split. Correct. Right. It is something that will come in increments at certain age points with other certain things in Intact.


Like to Dave Ramsey's point, you can't be on drugs to get this money. Right. There you go. And so I'm not sure what your plan is, Maggie, but I wanna make sure that's not the case because an 18-year-old suddenly getting a million dollars is doesn't usually go well. Yeah, I, I'm reading this as she's wondering, when do we sit down and tell our 16 and 21-year-old that we have three and a half million dollars in assets? Yeah. And here's how we're gonna divide this up. I th and, and to my, to my point that I'm trying to make is I wanna make sure they have the right plan in place first. Yes. So that when they do tell them, there you go. There you go. It's, it's not, Hey, and by the way, when you're 18, you're gonna get a million dollars. So I think the way to avoid stars in the eyes is to say, here's what's gonna hap Like if, if we were to pass away, here's what would happen.


You would be gifted the money to pay for school. And at this age, you'd be given the money to have a down payment on a home. And at this age, you'd be given, you know, and walk through it so that at every point in time it's, you're receiving this money and here's what it's for as opposed to, and you're just gonna be Scrooge McDuck Roland in Bills. Right. So I think it's all about how you have it set up, how you speak about it. And truly all of this is about what you've been teaching over time. Right. From the time they were eight years old, you know, or younger about how to handle money. And so the hope is that the 16-year-old will have some level of Okay. You know, and as she gets older, even more level of, okay, this is, I have to be a manager here.


This is not the key to unlock my whole life and I get to be irresponsible with this. Yeah. I I I think the age appropriate is the words that manage here. And quite honestly, I would not sit down. I probably, it depends on your 21-year-old. I think I would tell my 16-year-old that hey, if we ever, if Mom and I something happened to Dad and I or Mom and I, you're gonna go live with so-and-so Yeah. Until you turn 18 and we've put together some, some things, they would sell the house so that you can afford to go to school. That's right. And what else? Like they'll sell the house and Yeah. And you'll be taken care of. And we'll cross that bridge when we get there. The DD details don't need to be talked about at, at That point, 20-year-old.


I think a little bit more, Hey, if we ever passed away and you wanted to keep this particular rent house, we'll talk about that. But you'll let us know and we'll begin to slowly balance those things out. Yeah. My 14-year-old knows if Mom and I were to die, we have some things that would sell that we'd take care of his schooling and he'd be going to live with so and so. Yeah. My 8-year-old knows you're gonna be going to live with so-and-so, right. Like it's just age specific. I think Rachel Cruz says, share don't scare. That's right. and I like, that's So sitting now eight year sitting old, like, one day mom and I are gonna die. Like that's a lot. Right? Yeah. Letting him know, Hey, we have a plan if something ever happened Yeah. You're All good. We're gonna taken Care of. Yeah. Okay. And we want you to just be able to be sad.


And then Rachel and Dave has been pretty open about his story. They didn't know the full extent. They knew mom and dad were well off. They did not know really. They were Dave Ramsey well off Yeah. Big pockets until they had graduated and they were married and they were moving on with their lives. And then they sat 'em down. But they had a detailed plan. And then there, there's some different levels of specifics you can get into there. So share, don't scare and developmentally appropriate. I don't know that the dollar, dollar, dollar amount, I don't know that you ever need to sit down and go through each detail unless you wanna say like, Hey, this house right now is worth about this. Oh, I think at a certain age I probably would. Yeah. Like, depending on your wealth.


21, 25. Yeah. I, I mean to Dave's point, they kind of, they have a rhythm for them. It's yearly. I think Now they do now. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. But like, depending on what that is, maybe it's every couple of years you're like, hey, as you see big changes Yeah. In your wealth or in your state, whatever that is. Yeah. It might be worth it to do that. But I think as much transparency as you can at the right age is a good thing. Yeah. Kids wanna know, are we gonna be okay and are we gonna be taken care of? I think she's right to think. Yeah. If you tell a 16-year-old, Hey, if we die, you get $1.7 million, bro. Sleep with one eye open. I wouldn't Tell them, I didn't tell a 16-year-old that you're outta your mind. I mean, you're outta your mind. Oh yeah. Let's go out to age tone and talk to Eric.


What up Eric? How we doing? Hello? What's up? What's up guys? So I'm 21. I make 110. I'm going to make 110 K this year. Okay. And my problem is I have a 21-year-old car that isn't running as well as it used to. Okay. So because of that, I'm looking at a, something a little more fun. A BMW three 30 I. Okay. And I'm, I'm stuck on if I should give in and enjoy a newer, well, it's gonna be used slightly used a what year? Newer vehicle. It's a 2021. Okay. Or if I should keep the money.


'cause I would cash it out, keep the money to further invest since I do invest pretty aggressively, I'd say. What percentage are you putting away? Investments? Probably at least Off your gross. I'd say at Least 30%. 30%, okay. How much will the BMW cost After taxes? It should come out to about 29 30. Okay. 30 k. Okay. And tell us more about your, the rest of your financial snapshot. I wanna know how long you've been making this income. I want to know, If, you have any debt and I want to know your living situation.


Okay, so last year I made 103 this year. One 10. What do You do, man? I cut Hair. I'm a barber. Wow. Are you one of the barbers that I see on the internet that makes hair out of no hair? That you like you Give? I'm asking. I could. Oh, wow. Anyway, I, I've seen some things on the internet as make 10 cutting hair. I'm sorry. You Make 110 grand cutting hair. Yes. I love this country. Way To go. Way to go, dude. Yeah. So, so you're on the uptick. That's, that's really, really great. And, and it's just your business.


You've been investing 30%. Do you have any debt? I did go on a trip recently. I ran up a credit card. Oh. Oh, I don't like it. Okay. How much did you run it Up? One, it's like 4,500. Okay. That's a lot. But What kind of trip Did you go on? I went to Japan. Okay. Other man. You're living that life. 22 years old. Geez. Please man. Any other debt? No. Well, I do have two investment properties in Ohio. How can we forget about that? In Ohio? Yeah. Okay. So you're just to remind people you're in Texas. And so tell me about these investment properties in Ohio.


Oh wait, I'm, wait a minute. I'm against the clock. I'm gonna tell you what my thought for is for this. I don't think you've learned enough about how to manage your money properly yet. I think you're doing really good financially with your income, but I want you to learn more about how to manage debt and the right way to buy real estate. For me, you buying this car right now feels reckless because you haven't learned everything you need and it's a slippery slope for you. So I'd say no right now. Keep diving into the Ramsey material, Get a Camry, my man, and sell those rental properties in Ohio. But congratulations on being $110,000 a year barber. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right


back. What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. It's free at NetSuite


dot com slash RAMSEY. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions just outside of Nashville, Tennessee. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, get outta debt, find work that they love, and learn how to have great relationships and emotional and mental health. I'm John Delony, joined by my great friend Jade Warshaw. We are taking your calls on Election Eve. Oh yeah. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Jade and I were just making bets. I yeah, we were talking about if you had to put actual cash money, because you, by the way, you can bet on the election, which is sick and sad.


But if you had to put cash money on the line, who do you think would win? It was an interesting Conversation, man. And, and, and back in where the personalities, where our offices are, Ken Coleman and Rachel Cruz are back there and they're lit up like a Christmas tree. This is like their, this is like, this is their Super Bowl. All 10 super bowls. Yeah. Into one. And for me, I'm gonna get off the show today and head to the woods and I'm not gonna come out until this whole thing is is over. So it's the opposite of that for me. That's funny. No, I'll definitely, I'll make sure my chickens are okay and that they're still producing eggs. In case this I will definitely watch and I will, we will all be okay. Of course we are, we're all we'll Be okay. We'll be all right.


Unless this other candidate wins And then it all comes down. Let's go out to Sacramento, California and talk to David. What's up? Where there you are. What's up David? Hi there. Hi. Thank, you so much for picking up my phone call. But anyways, my question is this, I'm about to close my escrow and the current interest rate that I'm locked in is really high, is like 6.875. Okay. And, and my loan officer tells me, Hey, don't worry about it in about a year. And, you know, two years down the line, interest rate is, is gonna go down. You're gonna refinance. So that's fine. and I want to put in, I, I have the potential to put in a lot of money like upfront because Yeah.


From the calculation from your show Yeah. Teaches me, teaches me how, how these things work. Right. And so it's just mathematics. Yeah. And so my, my loan, so I'm shopping around, I'm shopping around like through with two different loan officer along with my realtor. And they all wonder, why would you wanna put money upfront? Because They're not Financial Advisors. They just wanna get you in this house and they're think they're filtering it through what they would do. A lot of people, you know, it's human nature. If you give advice, you're kind of giving advice based on what you might do. And a, a lot of these loan officers for homes, they, most of their life is people trying to scrape together and mow lawns to get, get that 2.999 up to 3%.


Like there's, it's so hard to find people who actually save money like you, David. Okay. It's just rare. So I I I just wanna make sure that I'm, you know, my math, it's not wrong. Somewhere where they, so they suggest this, save your money now and wait until you refinance. Let's say right now I'm at 6.8. Right? Okay. Wait until it, let's say it goes down to four and then put in all the money in when you refinance to 4% and, and I'm crunch my number, I'm like, no, still it won't benefit me by putting it in later in life versus now. And even if later in life is so A year later and you can't predict the future. That's the truth. We can speculate and say, here's what we think will happen. But the truth is, I mean, fed, the fed lowered interest rates and it had an adverse, an adverse effect on the home market temporarily.


I think, I think there's a lot of things that affect that, but right now, those home loans went up just slightly, you know, those interest rates. And so you never know what's gonna take place. We're in an election cycle. You don't know. Okay. I mean, I, I would tend to agree. Yeah, I think over time mortgage rates are gonna go down and you'll be able to re refinance, but you truly don't know you have the money here and now and you have the ability to affect how you want your mortgage to feel here and now. And so, okay. If you want to put as much down possible, I vote for that. Because when you put as much down possible Yeah, it's definitely lowering your payment, it's ensuring equity and it's getting you to the point of payoff a lot faster.


And then Yeah. In two years or whatever, if you wanna refinance to get that lower rate, yeah. It's up to you to do so. David, how much are we talking here? Like, like how much cash are you sitting on that you're debating on whether to put down or not? I, with all the minus, minus my closing costs, I have about $65,000, you know, sitting on the side collecting at only at, at only 4%, you know, in A high yield savings account. Yeah. Okay. So it's only, it's only collecting at 4% while, you know, my interest rate is at 6.8 right now. So it's more beneficial putting in the house instead of just letting it sit there at 4%.


What, what's the total purchase price of this house? The total purchase price well is 4 85 and I am putting down 25% already. But I wanna put in more, but they're like, why, why would you wanna do that? I think, I think they just don't understand that way of thinking. I think most people are not thinking about the idea of paying off a mortgage. Yeah. I think they think it's just not people's mind. The minimum possible to get in the house is enough for you is a lot of times where people's mind is at. And can I, can I, can I throw an alternative in there that will just throw a wrench in all this for you, David? Okay. Okay. It's a different calculation that I do. I am not a number savant.


I'm just not, I, I'm just not quick. Like Dave, I've sit by Dave, I sit by Jade, they just do math in their head. It's amazing. I just, I just, I can't do that. Okay. Here's the different calculation I make. What job do you have? What, what do you do for a living? So I, I'm basically, I am in clinical trials In clinical, I clinical cloud. Okay. So you do, you do r and d, you do research? Yeah, yeah. Research. Yes. Okay. So let's say one of the new candidates comes in and just cuts off NIH funding all of a sudden, or does something like warp speeds it again, like Trump's operation warp speed, right.


And suddenly dumps a bunch of money and you get to skip the third step and go straight to market. Like either way, imagine your job goes away and you have to go find other work. What I would, the reason I would vote to put all the money down aside from the math, and you've done the math, right? And so you're seeing it, it's, it would be quote unquote making six point whatever percent what my a PR is because it's only making four in the, in, in this place. and I could put in a mutual fund and there's gonna be the TikTok bros. They're like, bro, the gap, the spread, all that, but you're doing the math, right? The additional layer of peace that I would solve for in my house as a non number guy boom is if I lost my job but my mortgage was only 2 75 instead of three 50, would that lower my payment enough that I could go get down the street and get a regular job and keep my home?


Okay. Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah, I do. And so I, in my house when I've taken out mortgages, I solve for peace. I care more, I call it a soul tax. I will pay 2% or 4% on the, I will pay that so that I know if I got fired or if my job went away, I could go find another job or two and keep my home. So my wife and my kids would not have to move. and I know there's, there's, it can be, that can be stretched out and well, if you keep your 65 grand in emergency fund, then you've got that to spend. I get all that. If I'm gonna sign up for a mortgage, I want that payment to be something that I could absorb if and when something happens, right?


And you're in a field, I'm in a field, who knows what happens to us the day after tomorrow, right? And so I wanna take as much risk off the table on these low level, on this side of the barbell. And that is, do I, is my housing covered? Is my four walls covered? Do you have an emergency fund? I Do. Yeah. Dude, I, so that's all I to say is, dude, I would solve for peace here. You've done the math and you're, you're right on the math. I would solve for peace and put this money down on a house and take out as small a mortgage as possible. Make the bank the least amount money possible at your expense, and be able to take care of yourself if something were to happen to you. Does that sound right? Okay. Yeah. Sounds good. thank you so much for your confirmation. You're


on it. Okay, here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy plan. Request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs, distributed by Foresite Fund Services LLC.


Folks, the Ramsey Christmas cash giveaway is here, and you could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Jade Warshaw.


Listen, the best way, the best way to make the most of your money is by creating and sticking to a monthly budget. A monthly budget. Nobody likes it when we say that, but it's just the truth. It's the truth, it's reality. EveryDollar makes it simple to plan, spending, track expenses, and save for what matters most to you all in an easy to use app that fits into your busy lifestyle. EveryDollar is the greatest budgeting app on planet Earth. Keep a pulse on your spending and make progress on your money goals with EveryDollar. You can download EveryDollar for free, FREE, free in the App Store or the Google Play Store. I dunno if Google plays a store, if it's just a thing. Or you can click on the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast EveryDollar EveryDollar. I feel like we can just say that like low key EveryDollar.


Alright, let's go out to a TL Atlanta, Georgia and talk to fancy Nancy. What's up Nancy? How we doing? I'm doing fine, thank you. thank you for taking my call. I just need some assistance and I know that y'all be able to help me, but I'm a, I'm 59 years old and I've been married for 37 years. I was a stay at home mom and I homeschooled my three kids, but I'm currently in divorce proceedings. Oh gosh, I'm sorry. Oh, man. Yeah, it was due to emotional abuse and anger and rage.


And he is unwilling to address any issues. And so we, there's no trust and safety in our relationship. Yeah. So I have actually been in Financial Peace University. He was not involved in our finances and I begged him for three decades to get involved, but he would just ignore me. Although I went through Financial Peace University and I did all the baby steps. We owe 55,000 on our house, which is worth about 430. Otherwise we have no debt.


Okay, that's good. But because we've never been on the same page with our finances, we never really saved anything. And he liked to eat out a lot, so we wasted a lot of our money. But in retirement, if we were together, we were planning on using some money that his parents left us. How much is that? And it, it's about 800,000 right now. Okay. And later on in life he started 401k, which has about 300,000 and I have a small one. And we have some small HSAs.


But the last major outburst, he basically told me he was gonna destroy me. Oh, I'm sorry. And it was because, yeah, sorry. No, that's okay. Okay. Destroy you financially or physically? I, well, financially I believe. Okay. He, he never did it. He was just more emotional and kind of cruel and stuff. Have you met with the divorce attorney? I'm assuming you're in proceeding now? Yes. Okay. And we're going to mediation. Okay. and I just wanted advice on what to think or how to proceed because my lawyer that I think is really good, you know, he said, just come up with a good, better, best options and we're gonna get together and talk some more.


But my husband talks about, you know, his salary and this inheritance being all his and I just don't know what to expect. No, he mean he's not. Right. Yeah, he's not right. And he's bluster. And so here's what I would not do if he's not trustworthy and most of the other aspects of your marriage, I wouldn't suddenly go full trust on this bluster. Mm. Okay. He is trying to flex his muscles on a, on a situation that he is losing control of. Right. Like, like through, like sands in an hourglass. Right. And so it, I can't give you legal advice.


I think your attorney knows the laws of Georgia and knows what, what mediation looks like in the state of Georgia. And that's different across the board. But I will say from my experience, that sounds about right. You laying out and saying, okay, here's what this looks like and what does it look like to split things. And as part of a divorce, I would make peace with probably, we're gonna have to sell the house and split those assets. And, And you should, by the way. And to get outta that, unless somebody wants to buy somebody else out from this house and the inheritance and the retirement accounts, those things usually get split up in some shape, form, or fashion. And after 30 years together and you staying at home for 30 years, taking care of the household, you generally speaking are entitled to half of that estate depending on what, what, what, what's going on.


But I can't give you any details on that. I think your attorney's right on though. Okay. I was gonna ask about the house. Like, I don't wanna stay there. And he was thinking about buying me out. Great. That's fine. Yeah. and I just didn't know if that's a good option or that's great. Not, or we should just sell it and Okay. That's, I mean, if he wants to buy you out, that's great. You'd still get your cut regardless. Yeah. Six point half is another for you if you don't want it. Yeah. And then, I mean, essentially based off of what you've said, you didn't say how much is in your 401k? Do you know off the top of your head? Well, I never really worked, so Yeah, it's like 60,000.


Hey Nancy, Nancy, I want you to change that language please. Okay. Okay. You, you, you built and held together a home for three decades. Okay? I want you to stop saying that you don't have any economic value in this arrangement because you didn't quote, unquote punch a clock in an office. You've been working your butt off for 30 years. You've been keeping the fine, you've keeping the books, you've been trying to manage the emotional safety of that home for 30 years. Dave gave me a line. He, he, he gave me a, a, a quote that has really proven instructive here.


Okay. Once somebody files for divorce, the marriage is effectively over. It is now a business arrangement. And we are untangling business assets. And the reason you hired an attorney is because they will come in, they will know the law, they will be a hired gun on your behalf. That's their job. And they do not bring 30 years of emotional pain and hurt into the negotiations. So I want you to let your attorney do their job, Okay? Okay. I want you to keep your integrity about you.


And sometimes attorneys wanna settle this thing for as, as low as possible. 'cause they're, they're gonna take their cut either way. And some will look at you and say, no, no, no, I'm gonna do it right by you. Okay? Let 'em do their job. But I want you to throw your head back, throw your shoulders back. This is a business. This is a business deal now. And we're gonna do what's right. And you constantly telling yourself, I didn't, I haven't work for 30 years. This is not true. You've been working a lot. Okay. Yeah. A lot. Cool. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Can I tell you something else? What's That? Can I give you a homework assignment?


Sure. How old are you right now? I'm 59. Okay. I want you to write a letter to 63-year-old Nancy. Okay? And I want you to tell her that you're doing hard work right now. So that she will be safe. She'll have a place to live that's hers, and she'll have some economic stability. And that because of the hard work and the grieving you're gonna do right now, she's gonna be okay. Okay? All right. and I want you to imagine her having a cup of coffee in a safe house surrounded by her kids, surrounded by some goofy dog. 'cause you're not a cat person. I can already tell that, thank God, right?


You're a dog person. But I want you to begin to picture exhaling when you come home, not your chest tightening up. Okay? Okay. Okay. Yeah, because that's been happening to you for too long, right? Yeah. Yeah. We're done, we're done with that. Now. I'm so sorry that this is happening to you. Let your attorney do their job. Yeah. Am I missing anything? Jade? I think you're gonna come out of this, okay. With the assets that you guys talked about, you're gonna be all right. You're gonna need to work with an advisor and when the time comes, we want you hooked up with a Ramsey Smart Investor pro in your corner to help you go through this. But you're gonna be all right. The money is there.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years, and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah.


And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How in the Middle, how gonna be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud. And you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family, by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. Or go to xandr.com.


Hey folks, Dave here. If you haven't booked your cabin on the Live Like No One Else Cruise, now's the time because it's 90 something percent sold out. You do not want to miss joining me, the Ramsey personalities and amazing guest entertainers for the ultimate debt-free celebration. We'll be sailing the Caribbean March 22nd through the 29th, 2025, stopping at the incredible Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, and The Bahamas. Hurry to secure your spot with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show triple eight, Eight two five five two two five. Taking your calls live on life money, your mental and emotional health, your relationships, your work, all of it. Call with just about anything. We probably got an opinion on it. Alright, today's Ramsey Network app question. So we have The, Ramsey Network app. It's where you can go to get the show, you can get video of the show, you can get all three hours of the show. It's kind of where all the cool kids hang out these days. But we also have an opportunity to take questions in the network app. And so we've got one from Parker here. Here's what Parker asks. He says, I'm 23 and I'm currently living with my parents, but I wanna move out of state to be with my fiance.


Okay? I have a job lined up and she has an apartment we're gonna be living in while we both work to save up for a home. The problem I'm having is my family. The problem I'm having is my family because they don't like the idea. My parents have always believed in being married before moving in together. And their stance is making it hard for me to make a decision. Oh, what can, what can I do moving forward to show them that my moving away doesn't mean I'm betraying anyone? Sounds like a Bon Jovi lyric. I know. I just wanna live my life my way. It's my Life. I'll never, Here's the deal, brother Parker.


Rock on to the break of dawn. Dude, if you wanna live your life your way, go live it. Bobby Brown said it. The fact that you are having this much stress in your decision making means you don't wanna just live your life your way. You wanna live your life your way and have everybody else in the world go along with the way you think it should all work. And you want people with wisdom to be quiet and just do what you want 'em to do. And you want people with opinions or who have data or whatever to just shut up and let you do your thing. So if you wanna go do it, go knock your lights out. But I don't think that's what you just want. Yeah, I got A hot take on this. You know, like I said, Bobby Brown, it's my prerogative.


Like, you could Do what you wanna do, do Like you can. But I think this is just what I think. I think when you're brought up a certain way and you, and, and in this case I'm just gonna side with the parents, I think this is the right way. I think it's a good idea to not live together before marriage. There's so much research around that. Anyway, I think when you are stepping out of, of safe boundaries and good boundaries, I think that what you're feeling is your heart going, this is not the right thing. and I think it's easier for you to say it's my parents is, I think it's you. I think, you know, this is not a good move for you. And you're trying to go beyond it under the guise of, I it's my life.


I get to do what I wanna do, and why don't I feel good about this? I actually think it's your conscience going that this ain't it. Parker and I think you should listen to that. That's what this Ain't it. Parker. Parker, This ain't it. And so I think that's what's happening. 'cause I know, you know, you talked about the voices in your head. I have multiple voices in my head. Yeah. But you know what I'm saying. The idea that you hear the people who, who you allow to speak in your life, whether in a negative way or in a positive way, you, their voice lives rent free in your head. Right? That's right. Dave. Ramsey's voice will always live rent free. In my head, when I go to pull something off of a shelf that I have to pay for, I always hear him in there anyway. You hear your parents' voice. And so I know if I had tried to strike out and move in with my boyfriend, I would've heard my dad's voice in my head like, whoa.


and I think that that's what's going on. And maybe listen to it because your parents raised you. The fact that you're writing into this show lets me know that you have somewhat of a good head on your shoulders. Maybe listen to 'em And I think you're, I think it's good to call it, forget all of the, the wisdom your parents wanna pass along to you and whatever, you know, old, their old fashioned or it's just their dumb church. Whatever you wanna say about it. The, the research says couples who play house, they, and again, it makes sense on paper. I'll go with you. It makes sense on paper before, Because you, you think you're testing it out. That's Right. Before we do this forever, let's try it out for, for six months. Just try it out for your That makes sense on paper. What it doesn't take into account.


And and that may work with a car. Yeah. Right. It may work with a car, but people aren't cars. And the only way marriages work long term, the only way romantic relationships and partnerships work over time is there has to be a tethered in commitment that says this cannot end. That's right. Otherwise it will talk to anybody who's been married for any length of time and they'll tell you, oh yeah, if that thing wasn't in concrete, we would've gone our separate ways for any number of reasons. And so it always comes back to this promise. I will be right here and we'll figure this thing out. And so you end up living separate co-managed co co everything lives instead of creating a new life that has one entity moving forward.


Yeah. It's hard, right? It's hard. I also think it's a guise. I think it's, you know, if, if you're, if you're dating someone and you decide, I know I'm gonna use old school language here, you decide to go steady or like, Hey, it's just us. Like we're not gonna see other people. Whatever you wanna say, that right there kind of has, that's about the before you're married, that's about as far as the relationship goes before you get engaged of saying, I'm only gonna date you and only you, but our lives are intertwined. So I kind of have the report I can pull if you turn out to be a psycho or you turn out to be not the one for me. Right. But then we've told ourselves, Hey, I can take this commitment a step further by saying, come live, come move in with me, or you move in with me.


But it's really the opposite because you're saying, you're telling yourself, this is me displaying another level of commitment. But it's really you showing a level of UNM commitment by saying, I don't wanna marry you, but I wanna intertwine our lives. But I also wanna know that I can pull that same rip chord. That's right. That's right. And so for me, I'm like, why would I get myself intertwined even deeper with you if you're still looking for a ripcord to pull? Yeah. Do you see what I'm Saying? Yeah. If you're not ready to go in, don't go in, don't Go in. Right. And Parker, so if you're, if you're my friend or if you're one of my grad students, you came in and said, Hey, let's just, I need to have coffee and just wanna talk.


I would say, go marry your fiance and make a lineup, a and I hate to say this words line up a business arrangement so that you begin sharing things fiscally. You begin sharing things romantically, emotionally. We are gonna create a life together. A home together. And so if somebody ever yanks this ripcord unintentionally, there is a structured separation here. You're not just trying to figure out how to separate whatever goes on when y'all start buying houses together, whatever your people do. But I'd say get married or slow down, slow down. If they're, if that's your fiance, then you've already made this sort of a commitment together then wait till it's official.


Yeah, I agree. I agree. I know, but I, I hadn't thought of your Often we get to blaming everyone else in our life. Yeah. But it's 'cause we don't like looking in the mirror and, and looking at our guts and being like, this isn't right. Sometimes it is that Remember like in college Yeah. When you're dating somebody and you're all your friends are like, that's not a good idea. And you start to go that discomfort is 'cause of them. Yeah. And it's like, no, 'cause I know. Listen, Let's, I know. Let's go down another trail then, John. I know. Yeah. Because I think what it is, is we've also told ourselves that, and this is erroneous good friends and you know, good people, supportive people, they support you no matter what. No. And they, they tell You the truth no matter what.


Okay. And that's the other thing. Like, that's counter-cultural to go, I feel bad because this person is telling me a hard truth right now. Or they've ingrained a hard truth in me right now. It's easier to say, you know, I, I'm gonna go my own way and I'm going to do it my way. And this is living my truth. But then when you feel bad, you're looking at everybody, you're the one making me feel bad. You are the one, you should have supported me. I'm like, no bro, that's your, that's your conscience. Yeah. That is Feeling bad is inside out most of the time. Yeah. Right. Yeah. and I, think back to conversations. Gosh, I could just name 'em like Trevor and Tucker and Christian and Buddy and Craig and God, I could keep going for days. Who are these folks? Man, Todd, these are your guys. These are men in my life.


Jean Noel. These are men, Chris Nelson. These are men who have looked me in the eye over from when I was a little boy all the way till I was a grown man. And they say, I see something and you stop. Yes. Or here's another way to look at this, or I wanna challenge you on this. and I am only sitting here because those men loved me enough. Yes. To say, hey, stop. And women too. There's been women too in my life who love me enough to say, I'm calling you out. Yeah. Right. And it's not, did it make me feel bad? Did I feel bad? Yes. I felt bad because I was exposed. Right? Yes. I was brought to light. And thank God those, those men and women have called me out over time. Man, lemme tell you, if you don't have good friends in your life who will sit you down and tell you you need to cool, cool out, or they'll tell you about yourself, you don't have the right people.


That, that's right. You need good friends. Do not always agree with you and your parents, if they're being good parents are not trying to be your best friend. They're not always gonna agree with you. They're gonna set you straight because they've lived a lot longer than you. Now I'm reserving this, assuming that this is some parents who've got some Sense. Yes, some parents are a little bit already, right? So fair, fair enough. But you need somebody who's gonna set you straight. And you need good people who are older than you, who have lived more life than you to set you straight. So all that to say, listen to your parents, Parker, listen to your parents. We'll be right back. My parents just don't understand.


If you own a small business and you like The, Ramsey, Show, then you're going to love the Entree Leadership podcast. Almost 200,000 listeners Tune in every Monday to hear me take calls from real business leaders and give tactical advice based on my 30 years of experience leading. This is not a podcast about business theory. It's real insight from a practitioner who actually does this stuff. Find it anywhere you listen to podcasts or if you're listening on YouTube or podcasts now, just click the link in the description.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Jade Warshaw. Let's go out to Orlando, Florida and talk to Brother David. What's up David? Hey, how's it going guys? Doing great, man. What you up to? Not much. Not much Appreciate you guys taking my call. God bless. I'm calling to ask about my condominium. I'm not sure what to do with it. So I bought it in 2010 with cash. And the HOA has been increasing since then. It's about 600 a month.


And, but a couple months ago, the HOA the condominium company, the the guys in charge. Yeah. Did You fall out? No, we lost them. I think you fell out. Oh, we lost them. Well maybe He'll come back. I think the, the HOA gods were like stop. And they just cut it off. They do. They have a Lot of power. Alright, let's go out to, Wait. We think he might be coming back. Oh, Is he back? Oh, line one. Okay. Let's go out to Los Angeles, California and talk to o Susanna. What's up Susanna? Hi. how are you both doing today? Good.


What's going on? So, I apologize if my voice is shaky. I'm riddled with self-loathing and neuroses, but I am too. And so is George Kamel, you're in good company. Thank you. I appreciate that. So I guess just, I was asking how I can, my financial question is, what's the most effective way to tackle my student loan debt to start pursuing my other financial goals? I, I got my, I got my master's degree last year in social work. I've been working in mental health for the past 10 years. and I don't have a regret with getting my master's because you know, here in California you need a, you know, you need that degree to, you know, move up in, in this field.


And I did take out a loan. My current debt right now, I, I hate saying it out loud, it's $41,944 and 79 cents. Okay. The reason why the, the loan is that big. Just some, a quick background on me. I am a first generation, you know, my, my parents are immigrants and, you know, they work really hard. But unfortunately, you know, there was never that, you know, like, like gen you know, like they, they were never able to help me out financially, which sure. I don't expect them to by the way. But, you know, that's kind of my background. I hear I've been working since I was fif I've been working since I was 15 years old. I, I haven't stopped. Hey, Susanna. Can, can I, can I interrupt real quick? Real quick?


Yes, of course. Yeah. Okay. Listen, and I are on your team. Okay. You don't have To explain, you don't have to apologize for anything else. Listen. 41 K Jade and I had multiple six figures of, of student loan debt. You, you're, you're good man. We should, we, we would've been calling you for advice years ago. Okay. Okay. And I, I, I, I am I dedicated my life to working in the emotional and mental wellness of other people. I love what you do. I wish you didn't owe 41,000 bucks 'cause it's wearing you out and it's making you exhausted and it makes it hard to show up for clients day after day after day after day.


'cause you have your own anxiety and your own stress from that debt. I wouldn't wish that on anybody, but dude, we're on your team. Okay. Yeah. thank you both. I really appreciate that. So Let's jump in. Let's jump into the issue. Is the problem that you're trying to pay these off and you don't know where to start? Tell me about the problem. Yeah, so I think it's just mainly that, like not knowing where to begin. And then on top of that, I'm 31 years old and I, you know, I know that there's a timeline that I kind of wanted to follow. I know timeline sometimes they, they're not, you know, they're not gonna be linear. I wanted, that's to be a homeowner. Definitely before I was 40, I thought, Well, a lot of times when we have those goals, the way to reach 'em is to kind of reverse engineer it and say, okay, if I want to be a homeowner by the time I'm 40, I'm 39 now that gives me a nine year spread.


What do I need to do to make this happen? Right? And in your case, it's, it's, let's do the math and let's figure out where the holes are. So if you tell me that you have almost 42,000 in student loans, it, the first question I'm asking is, is that your only debt? So I have two credit cards, but honestly they're very small. It's about like a thousand each. Okay. So I know that I can pay off easily in one Year, but it does, it does matter in this equation. And the reason that those credit cards matter is 'cause they speak to your habits. And so I don't want you to just because the balances aren't high, I don't want you to say, oh, I have these credit cards, but they don't matter. They actually matter quite a lot because it speaks to your nature of wanting to borrow money to get the things that you want or need.


And so I want you to look at those and go, okay, this is a habit that I've started and I don't wanna do this habit anymore. So the first step for you is to break up with those credit cards and say, if debt is causing the anxiety of debt, debt is the problem in my life. I have to stop borrowing money and I have to cut that off at the source. And so my first homework for you off this call would be, let's cut up those credit cards and decide that we're gonna live on our, on the money that we make. Fair enough. Okay. Yeah, that's, yes, that's fair. So we got the two credit cards. The balances aren't particularly high. Is there any other debt that you wanna talk about? No, it's just that it's just, just after, beside those two credit cards, it's just the student loan debt. Okay. And then how much are you earning from your job?


So I make 77 a year, a little bit of change. And then I have a side hustle. I work at a hospital and that's not always consistent. I work like whenever they need me, I'm, I'm per diem. But I wanna say I bring home like 2000. So I think I'm taking home every, every month about six K and I and I know that's a pretty good amount and to, you know, I never like, have the habit of, well, aside from school and the two, the only reason why I got the credit cards was because like I had people telling me, you know, family members like, oh, that's the only way you bill credit. Yeah, They were Wrong. It was never because I was I know They they were wrong. They were wrong. They jacked you, but you were, bro, here's you, here's the thing.


I wanna get one last piece of information from you. How much of, what are you paying in rent every month? My rent is, it's only a thousand, so it's not too high. Thankfully I live with family. Good. So I'm actually a really good saver. In my twenties I traveled a lot. How much Do you have saved? I spend a lot of, in a year I was able to save 30 k. you have that now and I been pretty disciplined? Yes, I do. and I put some of it into a high yield savings account and then the rest I, I have it in my savings again. I, I don't know a lot about any financial things and, and I'm Well, let Tell Susan I got you, Susanna. Let me tell you, let me help you. The 30,000 and I know this is gonna go against every fiber in your being right now, but I'm gonna tell you anyway and you're gonna roll this around in your head and my hope is that you'll decide to, to do what the people on the radio told you.


If I were you, I would be tapping into that 30 k that saved because it's not really your money. That money Yeah. Is owed to the student loan companies and you will feel a lot better if you just give them their money and you'll be able to sleep a lot better at night. Because right now you're, you're holding, you're holding it from them. You agreed to pay. So you have the 30,000, I take 29,000 of that and I pay the vast majority, the big bulk of the, the credit cards and the student loans off credit cards are gone today, most of the student loans are gone. And then how quickly could you pay off the other $10,000 or so of student loans that's left? I can tell you November, December and January by February one you could be debt free, Suzanne.


Wow. Yeah. That's 3000 bucks a month. Right. Would cover the rest of this. And you don't owe anybody in the world. And can I flip that around? Nobody in the world owes you, I mean owns you. Yes. Okay. How cool is that? That Sounds, yeah, no, that's pretty great. And, and you know, even before jumping on the call, I was kind of mentally, I I even, I was mentally preparing myself like, I think I'm just gonna have to pay this and write this off. Yeah. The only reason why I didn't start paying off my debt right away was because, you know, I I I think a while back they were supposed to forgive student loans for social workers. Yeah. So I did put it on hold. I can understand. And now that it seems, yeah, now that it seems like that's not happening, you know, and I I am in a, in a relationship, you know, obviously we're not engaged or anything, but I did tell, you know, my, my sign significant other, I told them look like, you know, 'cause he, he's actually really good at saving money and, and everything and he's still really good support.


Well that's good to have him. It's good to get it all paid off. It's, And you're right. I think that the, the reason you were steadying yourself and getting ready to do this 'cause you know it's the right choice. and I hope you do it today. Go make it happen. Hey, for all of you listening to the show on YouTuber podcast, it's about to end head over to The Ramsey Network app to finish the show. And that's where the party is at. To go further with RAMSEY, we got calls picked for you. You can filter by topic all your favorite Ramsey shows in one place. Don't miss what's coming next. Come see us on The Ramsey Network app. We'll be right back.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep, you heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.