
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight eight two five five two two five. George Kamel, number one bestselling author, host of the George Kamel Show Co-host of Smart Money Happy, Hour Ramsey personality. He's my co-host today. Elliot is in Louisville, Kentucky. Hi Elliot Welcome to The Ramsey Show. How can we help? Hey, can you hear me? Absolutely.


Okay, great. So, you know, my name's Elliot. I graduated from a top 20, you know, business, school and college. After college. I sold triple net investment sales for about two years. And then for the last years I've, for the last year, I've been a whole life agent that, you know, in Louisville we partner with many different working class companies for discussion purposes. You know, the average American retires with about $5,000 in their bank account. Personally, I tell my friends and family, you know, to cash out their whole life policies. And the way I pitch whole life, it's, it's not necessarily as an investment vehicle, but more so as a savings or a savings account, but simply as insurance that accumulates cash value and a paid up coverage over time, in my eyes, I believe I'm leaving my members better off than before they talk to me.


But why am I doing something so horrible in your eyes? Well, because the product is crap. Not because you're a bad guy, but the product that you're selling, you're, you're trying to do a good thing, Elliot, and thank you for doing that and I appreciate, I appreciate your heart. But basically, I mean, it's a math problem. So if you take a $200 whole life premium per month, I can buy the same amount of term insurance on that 30-year-old for about $10. So the other 190 would go towards cash value in the typical policy, the top 10 stock companies out there.


Okay? That's the actual data that's out there in today's market. And so if I'm paying $190 extra for the life insurance in order to create a savings account, that's not the end of the world, but it's the rules of the savings account that are the cash value, we'll call it savings. You said we're using it as a savings vehicle that are the problem. Yeah, the typical whole life policy accumulates zero cash value in the first three years. Have you noticed that? Yeah, I know that. Okay, so it's called what we would what you and I people in the financial industry like you, me and George, we would call that front loaded commission.


Agreed. Yes. So, so I have a savings account that I'm putting $190 in my example in per month. And the first three years I get zero it 100% goes to the bank, goes to the life insurance company. Yes. Okay. After that, the typical whole life policy accumulates at a 1.2% rate. Some of them go as high as three or 4%. Some of the universal policies will go as high as four to 7%. Some of the index to universal policies that are indexed to a like an s and p after fees will go as high as seven or 8% rate of return.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But the typical basic whole life policy, not a, not a universal policy, is accumulating at under 2%. so I have a savings account that for the first three years I put money in it, they keep my money after that, when I finally start saving, it accumulates at one to 2%. And here's the thing. Okay. Now what would be, you say, Elliot, in your case, the typical size face value of policy that you sell is what's a normal policy for you? You know, it's gonna vary from someone who's 18 to, you know, 70. Okay. So, but I mean you're, you're south there selling, who's your typical customer? Let's say you had a 30-year-old. Yeah. What would you, The typical customer is Joe, he works construction.


And so He's probably not doing a $200 a month premium, like I'm using as an example then No, no. For me, I've never sold a $200 a month premium policy. So probably more like a hundred On average. It'd be more like between 50 and 70, I would say. And so these are $50,000 face value policies, right? Yeah. Or less. Yeah, I would say. Okay. So they're small policies. Would you agree with me that a guy that makes $40,000 a year and dies 50,000 is not enough to take care of his family? It correct. It's not enough to take care of, its his family. Right? If you wanted to replace a $40,000 a year income, you would need north of 400,000 invested at 10%, Correct?


Yeah. And, but I would say it's better than nothing at the same Time, better than nothing, but for the same money he's spending, he could have bought the right amount of insurance if he bought term. Right? And, and the funny thing about term two is I talk to these people when they hit the age of retirement and they're like, yeah, I paid in this life insurance my whole life, but then I never used it and they're so upset with me about it. Yeah. And No, they're not upset with you. You haven't been selling long enough to meet anybody that kept it till retirement, you just started, but that, that they were could, could be upset with the industry maybe. But that I haven't had that problem. Because here's the thing. Okay, if you take, yeah, the $10 a month and you bought in our, let, let's drop it to $5 a month and call it a $70,000 policy.


Yeah. After, let's go back to our savings account. I was using 190 a while ago. Now I've gotta drop it down to about 95 'cause I'm a hundred dollars a month policy. Okay? Now if we're gonna do that, the $5 is covering the insurance, 95 is going into the savings program. Zero for the first three years after that it's accumulating at 2%. And after that, if it builds up a cash value of five or $10,000 after 10, 15, 20 years, right? Yeah. Okay. Right. They die with a $60,000 whole life policy with a $15,000 cash value that they've paid extra to build the cash value with a $60,000 whole life policy.


Would you agree with me that the insurance company's going to send them a check for $60,000? Only the 60,000? Yeah, exactly. Correct. So you paid for a savings program and when you die, they keep your money. Yes. Yep. Nice parting gift. That's why we think it sucks, man. It's zero. A hundred percent is kept for the first three years after that. It's accumulating at a lousy rate. And when you, when I die, you keep my money. I paid extra beyond term to get whole life. Right? To get a whole life policy that has a savings program in it. And my savings program when I die, doesn't go to my family.


It goes to the insurance company. If I opened a bank with those terms, the bank would go broke. No one would put savings in there. So it's not enough to actually cover and replace income and you don't actually get the cash value when you die. I'm confused The, the only thing that I will say, I think a problem that it is, it is helping is that people do only retire with about $5,000 in their bank account. Well that's because they bought this crap. They didn't have any money to invest 'cause they gave it to you. If you put the $95 in a Roth IRA, they would retire millionaires. Yeah. But I don't think I'm putting a policy in place where it's like that uncomfortable where they didn't have enough money to on invest On top of that, look at Why don't they use the money to invest wisely and I.


If I showed 'em an investment calculator and I put the same amount in there, they would be flabbergasted and they would be running far away from this product. If I bought term life insurance and wasted all that money for my whole life and ended up a multimillionaire as opposed to a insurance company keeping my savings that I paid for, I don't think anybody's gonna be mad about that. Elliot, It's like telling someone Dave the show. The show is great in season 12. It gets good. You can get through the first 12 seasons of the show. I promise it'll be mediocre at best. I'm not binging That. No, thank you Elliot. I think you're probably a good guy, but I think you're probably, if you keep doing the math on this, you're gonna probably end up doing a different type of financial planning that's more beneficial to the folks you're trying to serve.


This is The, Ramsey, Show.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds credit union's different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on Fairwinds dot org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans. Go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. That's FAI ds.org/ Ramsey.


George Kamel Ramsey personality is my co-host Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. So if you look in the skyline of the typical mid-sized city, the towers in the skylines, particularly 20 years ago and before it would be two things. Banks and life insurance companies. Santa Claus did not build those buildings. You did.


You did. your money went to them, you chose for it to go to them. They didn't steal it from you. But their products are so profitable to them, not to you that they own the skylines. Don't you just wish you had the bank furniture? They got the best furniture. So when we talk to a young man like Elliot who's selling whole life life insurance, or an old man or an old woman that's selling life insurance, whole life life insurance, we find the only people that believe that rhetoric, that line that he was, that we just covered with him.


And honestly, I, to his credit, I think he truly believes he's doing good. There's two types of whole life, life insurance agents, as far as I'm concerned. The ones that understand they're screwing people and the ones that don't. And he's one that he doesn't. He really thinks he's doing a good thing. And so, but I have done a lot of enthusiastically stupid things too, by the way, folks, I'll help you with this. You get screwed way more often by enthusiastic ignoramuses than you do actual con men. There's not that many actual psychopaths out there like a Bernie Madoff. There's a few of them.


But your friend who's trying to talk you into Bitcoin is an enthusiastic ignoramus. They're not con people. They're just passionate. Probably even the little fried kid that is going to jail or whatever. Sam Bachman free. Yeah, he might not even be a real crook don don't know. I haven't really looked at the details of that. He might just be a massively enthusiastic raus, you know what I'm saying? And so really what you've gotta do is you have to follow the money and, and you know, be a fruit inspector. What's the fruit of the products? When we talk to multimillionaires and millionaires, we don't find them using payday lenders rent to own whole life life insurance.


We don't find them using ripoff finance products, financial products. They have avoided those things. And it's one of the secrets that causes them to be wealthy. And that's really where, you know, this stuff breaks down. And, and so, I mean I have really good friends that used to sell whole life life insurance and at and once they actually, because I just pound the crap out of them. But I mean they, they finally just like, I get it and I can't sell it anymore 'cause I have a conscience. I, you know, If, you have a good friend that is a payday lender and is ripping off poor people at 800% interest.


That's called oppressing the poor. You do not wanna read in the Bible what God does to people who oppress the poor. When you mess with the poor on purpose screwing them and you mess with widows and orphans. You don't wanna be on that list in the Bible. It's not a good list to be on. And so you don't wanna be on the wrong side of a financial product and be justifying it. Well, it's better than nothing. No, it's actually not. You'd be better. I'll put your money in a fruit jar. And, and so there we go. Now changing gears, George, I know some of you listening to this days, weeks later, whatever, but we just got word a few moments ago.


Surprise, surprise, 45 days from the election, the Fed dropped the interest rate By half a point. 50 basis points to a range of 4.7. 5% to 5%. So that wasn't possible four months ago or eight months ago, but right before the election. It's possible. It's amazing The timing of that. It's just Sus yeah, I'm good Gen Z, I'm using it. I'm using a good millennial word here. I'm impressed. Suss, I learned that from George. He taught it to me. So yeah, I mean, come on people. Can you not look at this and go, are you, is America that, are you folks in America that stupid that you don't look at this and go, well, that's suspicious timing boys and girls Within been spitting distance of the election and all of a sudden they go, all right, pull the lever As if it's gonna change anything between now and the election.


It's not, by the way, but it sure is good PR because one of the things that the current administration's getting hammered on is the state of the economy. It's really hard to keep a party in office, Republican or Democrat when the economics are bad during the presidential election year. And so right up on it, there it is just drop. Best part is whoever takes office will then take credit for all of this. And Here's what's interesting In mortgage interest rates are the lowest they have been since February of 23. About 20 months ago in, in the last almost two years, we have the lowest mortgage interest rates very quietly.


They're down and the market has not taken off and boomed, the real estate market has not boomed. And there's a lot of reasons why Jade and I talked about this on yesterday's show, George, and you brought it up at the break, that some of it might be that people have a 2% mortgage and they don't wanna move. So inventory still Right now to a 6% percent mortgage. So they're holding their home off the market and that's slowing down the speed, the, the veracity of the real estate market. I've got another theory, I brought it up yesterday and I have no idea if there's any credence to this at all. It's just an idea. But that some people might be waiting on the Harris administration or the Trump administration to fix their life and they're gonna wait till after the election to decide whether they're gonna buy a house or not.


So they're just kind of sitting on the bench, waiting on the election to roll out. 'cause they made the mistake of believing that who's in the White House actually matters more than who's in their house. So it does matter. And some of these ideas that are being debated matter, none of these personality characteristics that are being debated matter. None of them. But the ideas should be debated and you should be upset, not upset, you should be, none of you should be as upset as you are. My God, people calm down. But anyway, but, but, but neither one of these people are gonna change your life. But you're, some of you're sitting on the sidelines waiting because you still think that one of 'em is gonna buy you a house and they're not, neither one of 'em gonna buy a house.


House. They don't, neither one of 'em have a buy a house program as one of their policies. We're gonna buy Dave a house. I've been doing this a long, long time. I'm old. None of them have ever sent me any money. They've all asked me for money, but none of them have ever sent me any money. Many of them have raised my taxes and raise my taxes under the idea that I'm not paying my fair share, which when I pay a whole lot and you pay nothing, I'm not sure how that's fair, but okay. Anyway, I'm convinced the fair is where cotton candy in the tilter world are. But, so anyway, all that to say, I think that's a, a hit in this market. What do you think? Well, the, I think the supply and demand issue still is there.


There's not enough supply because no one's letting go of their two and a half, 3% mortgages. And therefore, until we see some of that move, I don't think the housing market as a whole is going to shift. But I do think for those that have been sitting on the sidelines waiting for a rate to go down to, because it could save you a few hundred bucks with the rate cut like this, that could make it affordable for a lot of people who are ready to buy. They're outta debt. They have the emergency fund, they've got a healthy down payment. It won't, it won't buy the election though because the fed rate is not a mortgage rate. The fed rate is what banks borrow from other banks at. It affects by extension and implication mortgage rates. But mortgage rates are formed by the bond market, not by the Fed. And so if the Fed lowering rates tends towards mortgage rates going down, which it usually does, it has to filter through the bond market.


And then that will take another, it'll be a lag that'll take another 30, 45 days. So that'll be post-election 40. You see any benefit from that? But it's all about perception is what this is. Yeah. This is a PR move. Pretty much like during the congressional elections, midterm stuff, Biden came out and said he is gonna forgive all the student loans. Oh, That's right. That's good timing as well. Yeah. And and everybody knew he couldn't do it and Supreme Court ruled against him. He couldn't do it. Everybody, you can't do that with an executive Order. But he can say, well I tried And, and he goes, mean no republicans. but it was a, it was a, it was a political announcement Until we called RI Dave. Well That's what the other party called it. Yeah. That's a funny story. Anyway, George w actually thought he invented that and Saturday that live invented that.


He told me that in interview. I missed the simpler times. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, my philosophy on planning and preparing, being proactive is always better than being reactive. We have a provider we recommend that can help you stay prepared for unexpected medical situations. I have a medical emergency kit from the doctors at The. Wellness Company. And guys, lemme tell you, you really should check this out. This is not a simple first aid kit. The medical emergency kit contains doctor prescribed medicines to treat over 30 common and serious medical conditions. Ivermectin the life-Saving Medicine generic Z-Pak to shorten the duration of colds and flu you feel coming on Amoxicillin for infections, ear aches, strep throat, and pneumonia. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. It's like having an urgent care in your home. Order 100% online in minutes, then fill out the brief questionnaire in your email and your kit ships to your door. Visit urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey and use the promo code Ramsey for 15% off. That's promo code Ramsey at urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey.


George Kamel Ramsey personality is my co-host today, the best way to make the most of your money is by creating and sticking to a plan. It's called a budget. Yes, I said the B word right here on the radio. You need a budget, you need a plan. You need to make EveryDollar behave. And EveryDollar is our budgeting app that will change your life because it's the best budgeting app in the market. And I'm telling you, we've got an entire team, a whole floor of people here that work on this all day long. Every month we launched new features and new items. It's continually getting better. And it was already robust when we launched it years ago. But it's, you know, tens of millions of people have downloaded and are using EveryDollar. You can download EveryDollar for free in the app store and at Google Play and you really ought to, here's the worst thing, go get on a budget, lean into it. Especially if you're married. Do it for 90 days and if you hate it quit. But after. But what, I've been doing this for 30 years, when I get people to do a budget for 30 days, they feel like they got a raise. It increases the quality and the depth of the communication in their marriage. They feel like they got traction towards their goals. They feel in control. Their anxiety goes down over money. I mean all because of a budget. Well before you think there's like the boogeyman exists with your money, like where's it going? and I don't wanna look. And then you just finally look and you go, okay, we can solve this problem now. We actually looked at it. Well I mean like where's all our money going? Oh wait, there it is. It's going out to eat there. It's So you can't complain about feeling that way if you haven't actually done a budget, Try it. Worst thing can happen is you hate it because where you are sucks. So you might as well change where you are. It's the old political thing to say, are you better off than you were four years ago? Try that with a budget. Are you better off than you were 90 days ago when you had no clue what was happening with your money? No. You're still sitting there like a hamster in a wheel run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run. Get nowhere.


Kim is in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hi Kim, how are you? Hi. Good. how are you? Better than I deserve. How can we help? Yeah, so just my question is, my husband and I were missionaries, And, we came back to the States to give birth and wound up having a medical emergency while we were out of state. So we had a state insurance And, we were visiting my husband's family, wound up giving birth to my son early and he was in the NICU for a month. I was in the hospital two weeks leading up to that. And because we were out of state, even though we had emergency insurance from my coverage, it was still denied for everything.


And so right now we're facing somewhere between four and $500,000 in, in medical debt and we're in the snowball staging right now. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Stop, stop. I'm getting outta debt. Stop. Oh, just stop a second. I gotta catch back up. Yeah, yeah. So you had, you had a baby. Yeah. That was in nicu and you were a missionary overseas, but you came back to the States and you're under, you were under whose insurance? Your husband's a state, Just a normal state insurance State. Yes. And because it was out of state, they wouldn't cover anything. Yeah. You know, we had the emergency insurance. so what, so it shoulda been Covered. What state, what state is the insurance in?


It was a Florida insurance. Why did you not go to Florida to do the medical care? We Were, we were visiting my husband's family who is from, it lives in a different state. So we were Just traveling. Oh. And there was a problem with the baby and they took the baby and put it in nicu. Yeah. So it was an emergency and you didn't have the option to go to Florida. Correct. I got, okay. And Florida's state insurance does not have that as a contingency for an emergency to save the life of a child. It does. Yeah, it does. Does for for whatever reason they're still denying all the coverage of it. We've appealed multiple times and I think you need to get, I think you need to get some professional representation then on that.


Okay. Yeah. I I'm not gonna, I'm gonna set up two missionary kids with a kid in NICU to take care of a half million dollars worth of medical. Yeah, Because I'm guessing your poorest church mice. Yeah, I mean something like that. I never met rich missionaries. Okay. Yeah, They don't very, they don't. I just hadn't run into 'em. so I, you're not probably not sitting on a half million in your mutual fund, I'm guessing. No, not at all. Alright. so I think you gotta fi solve this by throwing this back onto the Florida system. And so what you need to do is you need to get in touch with your state senators and state representatives and with the governor's office in Florida.


Okay. And, and, and start hassling your politicians. Okay. You remember the story where that Jesus told of the woman who would not be denied, she just kept knocking on the door, knocking on the door, knocking on the door, knocking on the door. Yeah. That's you. Yeah. Because you don't have a half million dollars and you're not gonna see a half million dollars anytime soon. So you've got to solve this through political pressure and or legal pressure. Maybe an attorney because that's, if they pick up their part, what they're supposed to pick up here, it's gonna change your whole life.


Agreed. Yeah. Oh, for sure. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. It definitely would. Have You talked to the administration at the hospital? They don't have anything to do with it. Yeah. So they, they said that once the third, 'cause I guess there's a rule with insurance companies that once you get three denials, it's like there's no possibility of getting it covered. So, but they won't let us apply for the financial aid until we get that third denial from the insurance. Yeah. You're not gonna get a third denial. You're gonna get it covered. Yeah, exactly. You have to. That's why have to I've been really scared. Yeah, you Have to. I'm Really scared to go through that third One. Don't, don't worry about you don't have anything for them to take. Yeah. So you're okay. Okay. They, they, they don't repo babies, so you're okay.


How is your baby? How are they doing? He's doing amazing now and the lord definitely healed him Good. And while he was in the NICU and surprised all the doctors and how quickly he recovered. So yeah. So are And. we definitely here. Are y'all out of the hospital? Everything. Everything. Now is it all behind you? Yeah, behind everything but the bill behind us and we've been everything but the bill. Yeah. Yeah. So, so you're not, are you in North Carolina still? Yeah, we're in North Carolina now. Just, we're about to launch back out to, to our country in a week that we serve in. Okay. Over in Southeast Asia, so. Okay. Alright. Well you, you have, you have a new hobby? Yeah, it's the state of Florida.


Okay. Really. I want you to become an expert on hassling politicians and insurance commissioners and Okay. Getting an attorney. Are you serving with a missionary organization? Yes. We're Okay. Talk to the senior people in that organization and see if they have anybody on staff that does legal work. Okay. And see if you can get an on staff attorney to start hassling Florida. Okay. Yeah, I know we don't have that so it would definitely be all on us. Lemme try it one more time. Okay. Yeah. You're serving with a missionary organization. Yeah. How many people serve in the mission field with this organization?


Around 300. Okay. Probably some of the host churches, the support churches then have an attorney who's hanging around that church, goes to church there, who would love to help a young missionary couple get rid of a half million dollar problem. Yeah, that's definitely a great idea. Yeah. And so let's talk to some of the pa senior pastors, the church board members, whatever we wanna call the, the leadership, the deacons, the leadership team of those particular churches and say, Hey, got a young missionary couple serving in in Southeast Asia, we got a NICU problem. We need some of the big boys to come in and help here.


We need a, we need a little legal SWAT team. And I think you can put, but that's your job is put all that together rather than sit and watch this thing deteriorate before your eyes. And Oh, it's third denial. And the third denial is the final denial. And nothing can happen after that. Oh, bull Channel your inner Dave bull. Persistence. Be resourceful Cause problems. That's what Dave's been doing for 30 years. George worked out. George. It's a spiritual gift. Squeak. Leave me Alone. Que gets the grease is all I'm saying. And Dave's been squeaky. You gotta get squeaky to get this done. You, You just called me squeaky. You did. You've been called worse today. I'm gonna be honest.


You've been reading the comments again, hadn't you? That's right. Georgia told you. Quit reading the comments. It's the only enjoyment I get out of life. Dave. It's man the trolls. You know, I don't try to please the masses 'cause I'm well aware. The M is silent. This is The. Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All right. We all know. I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom. Either as a student, a graduate student, or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I guarantee you there are things that you loved learning about over the years. Gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us love learning about new things. Anything except about ourselves This fall, I want to challenge you, become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you get so angry when this happens? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you. It helps you regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about yourself and the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp as a is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere. So it's convenient for just about any schedule. All you do is fill out a brief online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist and you can change your therapist at any time for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first a month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


George Kamel Ramsey personality is my co-host.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. 93% of undergraduate private student loans are co-signed. So if that's you and you're delinquent, your grandma, your Uncle Joe is drowning with you. When you don't pay your bill, you're taking 'em down with you. There is a way out though, Why, Refi, Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch. And they give you a low fixed rate that's built for you. You can actually pay your bill. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in Allstate.


Today's question comes from Patrick in West Virginia. My wife and I will be debt free at the beginning of October. We have paid off 83,000 in student loans over the last 15 months. Our gross income is $250,000 per year. We should have our six month emergency fund and a 20% house down payment in the next 18 months or sooner. Would it be unwise to get a 30 year fixed rate mortgage and make extra payments for two years instead of waiting the extra two to three years to save the down payment needed for the 15 year fixed mortgage. If we did the 30 year, we would avoid potential housing price increases in both cases. The mortgage payment would be 25% or less of our take home pay. We could afford to pay an extra six grand a month during those two years of extra payments.


I'm confused you down. Payment requirements are the same for 15 years. They're for 30. Is he saying the payment because he said it'd be 25% or less of our take home. Either Way, acting like during the time he's saving up his down payment, he could have taken out a 30. That's what this says. Hmm. And the 30 year has the same down payment requirements a 15 year does. So Patrick, I think you have some bad information. I think you have some incorrect information. A 30 year Fannie Mae mortgage, you can do a 95, 90, 80, an 80% a 20% down payment avoids PMI private mortgage insurance on a 15 year or on a 30.


So it's not, you know, so when you have enough of a down payment to buy your first home, we do not tell you you have to put down 20%. We, by our guidelines, we do tell you that you need to not take out more than a 15 year fixed rate where the payment's no more than a fourth year take home pay. But if you've got a 5% down payment and you wanna close on a 15 year, you can do that. and I don't know why it would take two to three extra years just to do a 15 year instead. There's no, I think he thinks you have to have a larger down payment on a 15. That's the only way that this makes sense. So Yeah. Confused by the question, Patrick, but Yeah. Yeah. and I think you're, I think Patrick's confused. So that's the only way this question makes sense is if he's confused.


So yeah, the, the 30 year and the 15 year have the same down payment requirements. If you wanna put down 5% and eat the PMI and then during that time, I think he's thinking the 20% down. I think that, that, that makes sense in this light of this, that he has to do 20% down the 15, but he doesn't on a fifth 30. Oh. And so you can get rid of the PMI Patrick, after you take out a 15 year with a 95% mortgage, you're gonna get PMI private mortgage insurance folks is foreclosure insurance. It covers the mortgage company in the event they have to foreclose on you and they lose money. It's a risky borrower fee.


Yeah. It, it does not cover you for anything. You are buying them insurance on you. That's what they're, when you don't put down at least 20% and it's about $75 a month per a hundred thousand borrowed. So a $300,000 house, $225 a month is PMI private mortgage insurance. Okay. If two, 300,000 loan now. so what you can do is if you take out, like on a first time home, if you did a 15 year fixed and the payment's no more the fourth year, take home pay and you put down 5%, then you chunk, chunk, chunk away and beat that mortgage down to where it's an 80% loan to value. You can apply to have the PMI dropped and they'll remove it.


And then, and so you would pay PMI for a couple years until you paid down. I think that addresses his question. Yeah. And making two 50 a year in West Virginia with a 20% down payment, you should be able to buy plenty of house on that 15 year and be fine. Yeah, Absolutely. so I don, don't, you don't need to wait three years. Yeah. Again, I, that's the only thing that makes sense here. So, cool question man. Interesting. And the good news is, you're, you've done this, right? You're the way you're going into it, he's gotten out of debt. He's gonna have his down payment, he's gonna have his emergency fund, then he is gonna have his down payment on top of that. That's the right way to do it. It's A peaceful way To do it. Then you don't get pinched when something comes up on the house. Steven's with us in Tampa, Florida. Hi Steven, how are you?


I'm, I'm doing good Dave. thank you for asking. Sure. What's up? Yeah, I have a, a small business that's in the construction space in Florida and all of my profits from my roofing business I've funneled into real estate over the last 10 years that I've been in business. And, sorry, I'm a little nervous. First time caller. It's okay. We've never lost a patient. So what's up? So basically my question is, is that over the last year, my roofing company, we had a hurricane, came in two years ago, wiped out all the roofs that I was planning on doing over the next five years.


And now everyone Wait, wait, Wait, wait, wait. A I thought hurricanes caused people to need a roof. They did And, we did our fair share of 'em. But now, two years after the storm, everybody's roofs are brand new. Oh, I see. That's interesting. Other than new construction, all anybody that had a questionable five year roof or roof in in the next five years all got blown up. So you, you did a bunch of the hurricane work. Other people today. So a lot of houses have a new roof. Oh, that's interesting. So the demand decrease. Yeah. I hadn't, that's interesting. Right. Alright, so new new construction's about it for you. Well, I mean, yeah, we're still getting some, some replacements from a couple realtor relationships, you know, 'cause people need a good roof to close and, but it, the, the market's complete.


You know, my business has slowed down by 75% in the last 12 months compared to the previous years. And so, you know, with my real estate portfolio, 'cause I was, you know, doing really well for the first, you know, 10 years of my business. We have quite a big portfolio now. And so now my wife and I are in a position where our business is losing money every month. And, we're needing to come up with a solution. We've tried everything we can with our, you know, our systems that are in place for marketing, for sales leads, new salesmen.


And we're continuing to try those things to turn the business around into a profitable scenario. But the bottom line is, is that, you know, we're losing money. Yeah. And Actually losing money or have reduced profits Losing, You're having to feed it. So you've kept your payroll intact. Yes, yes. We've, we've kept our payroll intact for a large business. We've done some downsizing to the point where, you know, we pretty much just have the managers in place. I mean, I have a pretty large roofing business. Over A thousand. Alright, so you're, you don't have anymore. And you, you can't keep the, you can't keep the staff. Well yeah, we, we right now I'm serious losing.


No, you need to quit writing checks to keep this thing open. You need to get it down where it floats. Okay. You got your lines have crossed and you gotta get back down where the lines don't cross anymore. And you have at least a break, even if not a tiny profit. I don't mind if you don't make any money, but you've gotta downsize to fit the market. 'cause you're telling me you don't think this market's gonna recover back to where it was. And yet you're keeping all the overhead and the payroll as if it's gonna recover. That's true. Yeah. You're, it's hard. Lemme tell you, that's a hard thing to hard decision to make. But, and The other question that I have is regarding my portfolio, you know, in order to fund the business to You don't, you don't fund a business that you don't have hope in.


You only fund something you have hope in And. we do have hope. No, no, no, no, no. Not not vague hope, business hope. Well, lemme tell you what I've done is I, I started, Okay, dude. Yeah, I I'm, I'm up on the clock. I'm sorry. If your projections are for the next 24 months, this thing's not gonna recover. You've gotta stop the bleeding on the business. You don't feed that if you don't think it's gonna come back. I don't know if it's gonna come back. But when you have, Henry Cloud talks about this in his book, necessary endings, when you have lost hope that something's gonna not gonna change is when you end it. Now, I'm not saying you end the whole thing, but you've gotta rightsize this business down to where your current economic situation is and then restaff if it ever comes back.


But that's what I would do in this case. You don't, you don't feed this. I Wouldn't sell property to keep funding this. No, no, not unless, not unless you think it's got a fairly quick turn. If you wanna feed it for 12 months, fine. But if you think it's not gonna come back for five years, no, don't do


that. For free tools and resources to help you reach your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or click the link in the show notes


Before we get to the next caller. I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free. Right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel number one, bestselling author, co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour on the Ramsey Networks Ramsey personality. He's my co-host today. And guess what we're doing this hour, we're doing a baby steps millionaires theme hour. And what that means, boys and girls, is we're gonna talk to real millionaires. Not your broke brother-in-Law who has an opinion, real millionaires, people who actually have money and ask them, where did you get that?


How did you do this? And what you'll discover as we've been doing this for several years is that it will be a great encouragement to those of you that are not yet millionaires to show you that it can be done. That's why we do this hour. It's about hope. Baby steps, millionaires. Now, I don't care how you became a millionaire, where your money came from. All I know is you're a millionaire and I wanna talk to you. What is a millionaire George? Someone with a net worth of a million dollars or more, which means they don't need a million dollars in the bank. They don't need a million dollar income. It just means their assets minus their liabilities, what they own minus what they owe is a million dollars or more. That's not our opinion by the Way.


That's a, that's an accounting definition. It's not a feeling. It's not a moral construct. don don't know if I agree with your inflation rate. don don't give a crap what you agree with. This is a math thing. and I actually heard an idiot, Congressman the other day say, he's not a millionaire, he doesn't make a million dollars. Oh my God, you idiot. Oh, I saw that clip. Ugh. Dumber than a rock and got elected to Congress. Which means the people that elected them are dumber than they are. But there you go. So here we go. A millionaire is not, it's a net. You know, if it's in their house, it doesn't count. Yes it does. Bozo.


You can have what you, you could call someone a cash millionaire. That would mean they had a million dollars cash. But if they're a millionaire, the definition is assets minus liabilities. What you own, minus what you owe. When that equals a million dollars, you'll discover when you get there. It's not that much because millionaires don't have jets. Billionaires do. Millionaires don't have seven homes. Billionaires do. Millionaires don't have seven cars. Billionaires do. There's a difference. A billion is a thousand million. It's A big gap. Lot of difference in a billionaire and a millionaire. Okay, so you will discover that these people drive Camrys and Toyotas and they can afford to do more.


They just, nobody told 'em. Matter of fact, I'm gonna tell some of 'em to get a new car during this hour. Probably can't wait because, here we go. Alright George. So who's got a million dollars? Who wants to be a millionaire? Here we go. Phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jenny is in Seattle. Jenny, what's your net worth? Hi, Hi. Dave. Hi George. It is 1.4. Good for you. And give me a little breakdown by category. How much real estate, how much mutual funds in retirement and that kind of stuff. Alright. My husband has a TSP, that's 800. And then we have IRAs and a little miscellaneous cash that's a hundred. And our house is about five.


Gotcha. Okay. Classic. All right, cool. How old are you guys? I am 42 and my husband Chad is 43. Excellent, excellent. How much of the 1.4 million net worth did you inherit? We had about 10,000 from my husband's grandma when she passed. Okay. So it's safe to say mathematically that you're not a millionaire because of inherited money. Yeah, no, 10. 10 k. Don't do it. It was sweet, but 10 K didn't do it. All right. So, and your best year of income since you've been working household income and your worst year since you've been working. Okay. Our best year is now, so it's 150 and our worst was probably right out of college.


About 50,000. Okay, cool. What do do I am a homemaker and I've been a homemaker for almost 20 years. Cool. And my husband works for the Bureau of Reclamation as a water manager. Okay. Alright. TSP. So he's federal? Yep. Bureau of Reclamation Federal. Okay. All right. And what does he do? Is he an engineer or No, he manages and distributes the water rights for the Washington, Oregon kind of area. Gotcha, okay. All right, cool. All right, neat. And what is his degree in? Environmental studies. Ah, That makes sense.


Okay. And do you remember what his GPA was? Yeah, it was 3.5. Okay, cool. Alright, cool. Alright. So you guys have done this basically from nothing over a period of 20 years while you were a homemaker and he was working in the federal government working his way up through that career. Can this still be done if someone's listening today in they're 22? Yes. Absolutely. Why do you think that? I think that if you educate yourself, be your own advocate and are really intentional, distill down what you find value in and place it in that, then you can be budgeted.


All those things. I think you can get there. Cool. so what do you drive? Okay, I have the fancy car. What's The fancy car? I have a 2018 Nissan Armada. Okay. All right. Not a Ferrari but an Armada. Okay. Alright, good, Good. And my husband has the not so fancy car. A 2008 Toyota Corolla. There it is. Tell your husband he needs a better car. All Right. That's what we're saving for right now. One, 1.4 million. You need a better car than a 2008 Toyota. Okay. Time to move up. Yeah. 'cause I tell you, we get stuck. I I, the young millionaires I talk to, talk to you guys all the time. We get stuck emotionally and go, well that car is what got me here.


No, that car's not gonna get you anywhere. You need to get another one. I'm glad you're saving for him a better car. And your car's not that fancy. It's great. It's a nice car. I thought You were gonna be like it's a Rolls Royce. Yeah, but it's Modest. I've got a Bentley Dave. No you didn't. You know you don't. It's a 6-year-old Nissan. SUV. Yeah. A Great car. That's a great car. Good for you. How many kids y'all got? Two. Cool. How old are they? 11 and 13. How much do they know about all this? Actually a lot. We talk to them a lot. Good. Good. So they're ready. Good. Yep. You guys are doing a great job. Congratulations. Hero. Honored to meet you. Very well done. Steve. And Steven and Michelle are in Fort Wayne, Indiana.


What's you guys net worth? What's so funny? Million. What? Nothing. I'm just thrilled to be here. I could net worth 1.3 million. Cool. And gimme a little breakdown by category Retirement, roughly a million House 230 K and about 70 K in cash. Good for you. All right. And how old are you guys? I'm 44. I'm 54. Okay, cool. And how much of this 1.3 million did you guys inherit? One of my grandmas passed away a few years back.


And, we got 25. About 25 grand from that. But as you said to the last caller, that's not what took us over. Yeah. Obviously. Yeah. 20 5K does not make 1.3. Okay. And your range of income? Best year and worst year? Best year is 200 K, which is this year when we met, we were making about a combined 80 K. Okay. Okay, Cool. My worst year is when I started at my parents' door at 16. Ah, I understand. All right. I wanna come back and get the rest of your details after this break. So hang with me, you two and I also. I definitely have to find out what's funny. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, oh, it's terrible air People that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I gonna in the Middle next week? Yeah. How In the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is. It's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. Or go to xandr.com.


Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruiser selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation and I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


This is a baby steps millionaires theme hour. George Kamel Ramsey personality is my co-host. One of the reasons we started doing this, baby Steps millionaires theme hour where we talk to real millionaires. By the way, if you're a real millionaire, you have a net worth of a million dollars or greater. Call us at eight eight eight eight two five five two two five right now. We'll put you on now 'cause we wanna know about you. The reason was is there's George, there's a lot of lies spread out there about where wealth comes from and when you spread a lie about where wealth comes from, what you are doing is stealing someone's hope. You're a hope stealer. You should stop that. Don't be a hope. Steeler.


Things like, well, you know, I can't play professional sports and I'm not gonna be in a rock band or be an actor in Hollywood. so I won't be a millionaire. 1% of millionaires are famous. 1%, 99% you will never meet. You will walk past them on the used car lot and have no idea who they are. You'll walk past them at Costco and never have any idea who they are unless you know George. And you would say George is a millionaire. That happens. So there you go. 'cause George spends way too much time at Costco.


It's a hobby. Yeah. But anyway, there we go. So That's true. There's a lot of mythology out there. People think, well you gotta inherit it. You gotta be a trust fund baby. You had to do something illegal or scam people or run a run a company. And so we just are out here trying to, you know, displace all of that. When I was, when I was a kid growing up in a middle class neighborhood, those folks, most of my parents and their contemporaries grew up on the farm and then moved into the suburbs. And that's the suburb that I grew up in. And in the south, they would say, when someone's saying, oh, the little man can't get ahead. And they never say it like that. They say, well the little man can't.


Sounds like ior. Right. You know, it's bad. We're all stuck. You know, that's how it sounds. And we would call that in the south. don don't know what you people call it up north, but we called it poor mouthing. Oh, I never heard that before. Yeah. Talking poor. And Mike Todd said, I've never been poor. I've only been broke. Poor is a state of mind. Ooh, That's good. So that's what we're fighting against by doing this hour. Now we're talking with, we started the discussion before the break with Steven and Michelle. They got a $1.3 million net worth million in retirement, two 30 in house, 70 in cash, 54 and 44 years old. They did not inherit, inherit their money.


They had a little bit but not enough to make 'em making 80 to 200 during their working lifetimes. Now what do you guys do for a living For I am a computer operations manager. Okay. And I'm a youth wellbeing coach. Cool. Okay. And so degree in information management, Steven? Computer Science. Computer Science. Okay. Of course. And what was your GPA? Just enough to graduate Right answer. He graduated. thank you. Laie Is a pass Fail. Yes. Barely. Oh no. I mean really? You like A two? I mean, what do you graduate with? Yeah, I think it was like a two five six, Two five six. And you Had to have a two Five?


Yeah. Okay. Gotcha. And what about you Michelle? What's your degree in? My Degree is in elementary education and my GPA was whatever it was to be on the dean's list. don don't remember. 3.0 probably, yeah. Okay. Okay. I'm guessing. But yeah, that usually did. Alright, good for you guys. So you're talking to a 24-year-old version of you 20, 30 years ago. In today's world in America, can they do what you have done, bill? Well, oh yes. Well, yeah, you, you just have to not listen to the TV all day is my God.


That's for sure. So what's the dumbest thing you all have ever done with money? Bought a new car right outta college. 'cause I didn't know better yet. There we go. Alright. What do you drive now? I just got a Mercedes ML three 50 2010, but I still have my O2 mini Cooper s that I've driven for 19 years. You Got a 2010 Mercedes? Three 50 ml? Yep. It is 14 years Old. Yeah, but it, it, it's, it's pretty much mint and my friend works on 90% of the people walking up beside that have no idea. It's not new. Right.


Because the body style hadn't changed that much. That's a good car. Okay, cool. Good for you. That's neat. What do you drive, Michelle? I drive a oh eight. Right Steven? Yep. Yep. An oh eight Honda Fit. What's the most either one of you have spent on a pair of blue jeans? Maybe $50. Okay. Probably 35 when I graduated from college and didn't know any better For those of you that live on Instagram, you just got a reality check. You're talking to a couple of millionaires here and he just moved up to a 14-year-old car. Woo. Living large. Okay. And so you guys, you guys are amazing. Way to go hero Rose, I'm so proud of you. thank you for sharing your story with us.


Denise is in Denver. Denise, what's your net worth? 2.8 million. Cool. Gimme a little breakdown by category, real estate, retirement and so forth. Okay. 1.2 in my retirement. 200,000 in liquid stocks mostly. And then 1.4 million equity in my house. Okay, cool. What's your house worth? Oh, 1.9, maybe two. Okay, so you got about a half million dollar mortgage on it. Okay, cool. How old are you? I just turned 60. Good For you. All right. And how much of the 2.8 did you inherit?


75,000. Like 20 years ago. So I safe to say mathematically you're not a millionaire because of that? Correct. Okay, cool. And what's your best year of working income and worst year of working income? Best year? Oh, 400 and worst year. 50 ish. Okay, cool. And what's your career? I've always been in a real estate, you know, related business. so I started in the mortgage business, did that for 25 years, took a little time off to raise my son and then went back selling real estate.


And then when I was doing that I learned how to fix and flip houses, which I did that on a couple of 'em. And that's proved to be, you know, very prosperous. And that's what you're doing Now. You have a degree In psychology. Psychology, okay. And what was your GPA? Like 3.4 ish. Okay, cool. Cool. Now are you divorced, widowed, or always Single. Divorced. Okay. How long ago? Nine years ago. Okay. How much of this has happened since then?


Mm, probably half. Okay. I would say that's hopeful for somebody out there that's 50, going through a divorce after 23 years of marriage, I'm making this up, but you know, I appreciate your story. thank you for sharing that part of it. You're, you're amazing way to go. Aw, Thank you. So it's, do you think it still be done? That girl that's out there listening, that's 50 or 48 and her 23 year marriage just ended and she's getting a little bit out of that marriage. Could she still go do this? Yeah, I would recommend people, I mean, most of my wealth has been a result of real estate and you know, creating windfalls for myself along the way was really hard for me to always live on a salary.


But, you know, or my commissions. But you know, if you come up with a plan to, you know, buy a rental house, fix it up, sell it, you know, something where you know you can get two, $300,000 and then roll it back in. That's really been one of the secrets to my wealth. Yeah. Amen. Amen. That you've done a great job. Congratulations. Thank you. Wow. I'm impressed. And this is, this goes to show you Dave, I mean so far very little inheritance, nothing that caused it. These are people in their forties, fifties, sixties. So no one in their, you know, at 22 yet that did Bitcoin. A lot of basic stuff. Retirement accounts, equity in the home, a little bit in cash.


Occasionally we talk to someone that inherited it. Occasionally we talk to a lotto winner. Occasionally we talk to someone in Bitcoin, but they're less than 5% of the time. You and far 95% of 'em sound just like these. That's So encouraging. Yeah. It means like I could do it. Yeah, You Did do it. I did do it. There we go. Following the same steps. Just like that. Sitting next to a baby steps millionaire. That's what I'm doing right now. This is The Ramsey show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day. Find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions


dot com slash


agent The money and Marriage Date Night virtual event is on sale now. That's Rachel Cruz and Dr. John Delony. It'll feature a lot of the incredible parts from our money and marriage getaway. They're gonna be diving into real topics like goal setting, budgeting, and working through every season of life as a team. When it's John and Rachel, you can pretty much be guaranteed. You will also be laughing it ha it's happening October 29th and you can attend from anywhere from the comfort of your home or whatever. There will also be a q and a so Rachel and John can answer your questions live. This is a virtual event, October 29th. Money and Marriage Date Night virtual event. You don't wanna miss this. Early bird tickets are only $39 that will go up October 6th. So go ahead and get them now. Your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


events. It's a millionaire theme hour. Now some of you are not aware you need to pick up the book Baby Steps Millionaires, which is my latest number one bestseller. I really didn't intend to do that book, but I got tired of people saying it couldn't be done when I was meeting people everywhere that did it. Every time I go out at a break to take pictures on the show, I made a millionaire. I met two a while ago at the break and they go, yeah, I can do it. Dave, I mean, yeah. And they looked like regular people 'cause they are. So we did the largest study of millionaires ever done.


10,167 of them studied here in North America. Tom Stanley, my friend who passed away several years ago in 1992, did a book called The Millionaire Next Door. He came to his conclusions with a sample size of 750 millionaires. That's what he studied. He was a Georgia State University professor when he did that and sold enough of those books to become a millionaire next door. And, but it was, it was a wonderful piece of work. But he got criticized because of the sample size by journalism students who had never had a statistics class. If you've ever had a statistics class, you would know that a sample size of 750 out of approximately at that time 10 million millionaires in North America is statist statistically significant.


Meaning that the sample size was large enough to get to draw conclusions from that are accurate statistically. Okay? Now, if you're only a journalism student, you probably wouldn't know that. And so you would bitch whine and moan 'cause you're a leftist that this study was inaccurate. but it was accurate. So we decided, all right, we're gonna go ahead and put all that to bed and we're not gonna do 750, we're gonna do 7,510 x what is needed to make proof. And we're gonna hire an outside firm to look over our shoulder and make sure there's no confirmation bias in all of our research and our processes and models are accurate and cannot be questioned.


So we ended up going crazy. We did a about 7,000 from the public and then we threw in another 2000, 3000 from our files that we talked to. They were Ramsey millionaires. In other words, people that were in our tribe. But these were not Ramsey tribe members. The first seven 5,500. So there's 10,167 of them. And the research, the sample size is 10 x what it needs to be to be significant. The research is airtight. So if you disagree with the conclusions of this study, you're what's known as wrong. That's how this works. Okay? This, these are known as data called facts. Not your feelings from your communist college professor.


I couldn't care less what your communist college professor thinks. Okay? This is the truth. 79% of America's millionaires inherited precisely nothing. Eight out of 10, 5% inherited a small amount. Like people we have talked to this hour, 5,000, 10,000, 25,000, but not enough to mathematically cause them to be millionaires. So they're not millionaires because of inheritance. Another 5% got substantial inheritances after they were already millionaires. So five and five and 79 is called 89.


That means that 90%, nine out of 10 of America's millionaires, there's approximately 24 million of 'em right now. Nine out of 10 of them are not millionaires because of inherited money. So the next time someone says that you can be nice, you should be kind, but you can think to yourself, you're an idiot because they're that dumb. They are absolutely stone cold wrong. Okay? They've been watching too much YouTube about wealth inequality and they're studying Chinese tic-tac to try to figure out how the e capitalistic economy works.


Just dumb sources. Okay? If your information on finance is coming from tic-tac, you probably have a problem. I mean, we're the only ones on there making sense. And the only reason we got on there is so that something on there made sense. It's Making me angry. How much dumb stuff was on there? Oh my God. My favorite Dave on the, my YouTube comments now is Dave a million dollars. That's not even a lot of money in today's world. And they're all broke. Yeah, It's more than you got Bubba. So let's try That. You can't make these people happy 'cause they're miserable. Yeah, I'm, I'm hell bent on being a victim. So stop it. Okay. That's the point of this guys. It's called Hope you can do this.


We have shown you how to, I'm so dumb. I had to do it twice. I was a millionaire by the time I was 26. Lost everything, went bankrupt, had to start over without even my hair. And at least, and I still did it again. At least we know it wasn't a fluke. Oh geez. You do it two times a skill. Alright, Andy is up next. Andy's in Atlanta. Andy, what's your net worth? It's three point just over 3.5 million. Good for you. And gimme a little breakdown by category. All right. Retirement amongst all the different accounts is 1.46. Okay. Non-retirement is seven 80, and then real estate would be 1.3.


Good For you. How old are you? I'm 56. Okay, cool. How much of this did you inherit? I inherited 60,000 when my mom passed 22 years ago. And that's it, that, that allowed us to move up from the starter house to our house with kids. Okay. Alright. And it, it helped a bunch. If it's 22 years ago, mathematically it would've helped a bunch, but still not enough to be the cause of a three and half million dollars net worth. Agreed. Oh, totally. I mean, it, it let us get into a bigger house that really didn't appreciate during the time at it. So yeah. Had I put that in the market, it would've been a different story. Gotcha. Okay, cool. so what is your best year of working income?


Your worst year of working income? Worst year was right out of college, $19,500 and best year, probably last year, combined with my wife, probably about four 50. Cool. What do y'all do? I own a small business that creates sensory rooms for kids with special needs and my wife is a health coach. Okay, cool. What's your degree in? Industrial management. Perfect. Yeah. Okay, that's cool. What a great application for that. And what was your GPA worked out that way? What was your GPA 3.6. Good for you. Not bad. Okay. And so you're 56 years old.


What would you tell people again is that, can this be done? If they're 26 and they're listening and their friends are telling 'em they can't do it, I think they can do it. Do you? Yeah. My kids are around that age and I tell them all the time, of course you can. Yeah. What should they do? If they want, what should they do? What do you think the key is? It's just save early and save often and just make it part of your life. Don't, don't neglect putting that money away. I, I explained to my young employees, male employees, my wife saved $10,008 in her PERS account in Ohio. And, and then when she left that job over 20 years ago, it just stayed there because we can't move it.


And that $10,000 is worth 173 today. Wow. What's in the retirement account? What kind of, you know, was it a single stock? Was it mutual funds? What got you There? It was a mutual fund, but I mean it, this was before And, we knew anything about managing that. It, it's all large cap stocks. So you're not investing Prodigy safe to say? Yes. Well no I am Not. What do you drive? Well, most days I drive my 2009 Honda Odyssey minivan with 175,000 miles on it. Get a better car. Well, on the other days I drive my 2023 mid-engine Corvette. Oh, There we go Adam, you did It. All right. He buried the lead.


Boom. He set me up. Okay. What a trickster. It's not his daily driver though. Okay. It's a garage queen. Good. I like it. I like it. That's fun. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey it is Dr. John Delony. Look, when you're stressed about money, it makes everything feel out of control. You run around like a maniac trying to make sure everything's covered. Everybody's okay. I've been there. It's the worst. But you can flip the script within EveryDollar budget. It helps you track spending and expenses in real time. So you always know what's happening with your money. Talk about a weight lifted off your shoulders, start feeling in control of your money. Again, Download the EveryDollar app today for free.


So baby steps millionaires theme hour, George Kamel Ramsey Personality is my co-host today we're talking with real millionaires this hour. How did they really do it? Jessica is in Mobile, Alabama. Hi Jessica, what's your net worth? Oh? my gosh. Hi, 2.3. Good for you. And gimme a little breakdown by category One. Point two is in investments and 1.1 is in real estate and tax liens. Okay, good for you. Alright, and how old are you? 52. 52. And how much of this did you inherit? A hundred thousand from my father's death in 91 and 200,000 for my mother's in 21.


Okay, so that took you a long way towards this goal. I can't do the math fast enough in my head. You might've, that might've actually pushed you over the edge for sure. So you're, you're kind of on borderline as to whether this was inherited money or not. Okay. Is that right? I mean, 300,000 over a couple decades would turn into a million. Well I just got the 200 so Well you got 300, you got 102 hundred. The 200 is in the last three years though, is what you're saying? Yeah. After you were already a millionaire. Okay. Oh I see. Oh I messed up. Okay, now the hundred Was back in 91, so that one did have time Up. Oh, 200 was just the other day. Oh, I missed that. Okay. thank you. Thanks for catching that. Alright, now your best year of working income and your worst year working income.


Best year was 80, worst was 12. Okay. What do you do? I'm a chiropractor. Ah, okay. Good for you. And obviously a chiropractor chiropractic degree, right? Yes sir. What was your GPA 4.6 outta high school. 3.9 outta college. Wow. Smart cookie. Yeah, there is New York Upfront. Yep. I knew there was a smart one in here somewhere. Okay. And what do you attribute this net worth to? At 52 years old, what would you say the secret sauce is Being so scared to be poor again. I was poor till I was 40 and I didn't ever wanna go back there. don don't wanna rinse out my Ziploc bags anymore, I wanna buy new ones.


Wow. I mean you were, you're talking like poverty level for the first four decades of your life. Oh yes sir. And in 12 years what happened? So when you're self-employed, there's a lot of variables. Some years we paid to go to work. Some years BP stuff happened like there's so many variables and I was always scared of spending money. so I literally lived like a poor person. So once you started making money, you just lived on very little and saved and invested the rest. Totally. Okay. So is there any part of that you regret? No. 'cause I'm sitting and breathing now.


Yeah, Yeah. You're sitting here, you're sitting in a sweet place. What do you drive? Yes sir. Yeah, that's my problem. I buy high-end new cars every two years. You do? Cars are your weakness. It is. Okay, what do you, what are you driving? I'm on S Porsche. Ooh, sweet. Good for you. I know. Well you got two and a half million dollars you can afford a Porsche. Exactly. It's fine. It's paid off, it's fine. Yeah, absolutely. If it's, it fits the program. Love it. Way to go. Herero. I'm proud of you. Good work. Richards in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Richard, you're net worth. Hey Dave, it's an honor to speak with you. My wife and I are at 3 million. Good for you. And gimme a little breakdown by category please. Sure.


1.5 in a 401k, 600,000 in a 4 0 3 B, 750 real estate. 150 K in an airplane, 50 in cash and 35 in other vehicles. Okay, good for you. And how old are you? 61. All right, good. And how much of this did you inherit? Well I, I did inherit a bowling ball, but my grandfather was, well his nickname was shorty, so I'm six feet tall. My fingers don't fit in the holes on, I'm not gonna pay to have it. Re-drill. Wow, you can't make that up. You've been working on that one a while.


No, it's really true. It's sitting out in the garage collecting dust. I mean it was his don don't wanna, you know, throw it away. It's great. Paperweight. So other than that, no money. I'm putting, putting down bowl ball. I'm writing it down. It's Dave's favorite item of inheritance. This is great. And your best year? Working income? Worst year working income. Best year was two and a quarter and worst year was my first year at 3000. What do you do or what did you do? I'm an IT system engineer and management Four year degree. And My wife, my wife actually works as a customer service rep for a large health organization here in the state. Okay. What's your degree in? Don't have one. What's hers in?


Doesn't have one. Okay. Both of you High school? Yep. I've got about 40 technical certs, but they were all pass fail. so I can't give you a GPA? Yeah, yeah, that's exactly right. Okay. And that sets you up to win in the IT field with a high school diploma. Excellent. 30 C. Yes sir. 30 certs is better than a four year degree. We know we've got 'em working for us. Good, good work. Yeah, I agree. Good work. Good work. Good work in that field for sure. Yeah. Way to go. Congratulations sir. Can this still be done? Oh my goodness, yes. I, I know it can because I did so much of it wrong. What was the dumbest thing you've done? Oh my god. Well you mean besides buying the airplane?


I guess lemme, I can just give you a couple things. I bought, I've bought eight brand new cars before I was a millionaire. I've bought zero since I've been a millionaire. I did all the baby steps and I did them completely out of order. Right? Of course. Yeah. So if I can do it all wrong and come out with some reasonable measure of success, then absolutely. Anybody who's willing to just follow. What do you think you did right? What was, what was, what was the saving grace? What'd you do? Right. The saving grace was at the age of 34, I started contributing to my 401k and then every year that I got an increase. I just threw the increase in there. And then my wife, who hates to spend money, never shops, does her own nails and drives a 10-year-old car and loves it was perfectly fine with us putting her entire salary into her 4 0 3 B.


And so you've got 2.1 in those two. Yeah. This just, this just went on and on. And, we just, you know, if you don't ever have it, you never miss it. Yep. And, we just committed ourselves to the systematic methodology of putting the money away. Every paycheck That's there, There's the real wealth hack. Mary, a frugal saver. That's, You'll be okay even if you mess it up. Yeah. What did we learn today, Dave? Well, we learned that the average GPA is 3.5, 3.0, 2.5, 3.4 3.61, 4.6 call her before last and one high school graduate. So the mythology that you have to be a genius and be the valedictorian is not true.


These people are smart. I mean, they're not 1.6, you do need brain cells, but, but they're, they're, they're not genius level. Yeah. Okay. So, you know, I, which is, you know, I'm glad to hear that. 'cause I, I, I'm actually, I have a 2.97. Wow. I'm still pissed about that. Three 100 point Couldn't hit the three, they didn't just give it to you. There was beer involved. I'm just saying. But yeah. Can't round up. But yeah, it was, and you know, and I'm, you're doing it right. It worked out. So I'll leave it at that. An income. Here's what's interesting. Millionaire study found a third, never made six figures in a working career. And here we got, we had one today making 80 grand was the max.


Max max and a $2.3 million net worth. So you don't have to make, you know, 150 or 200 like some of these callers. Yeah, we had, we had a one 50, a 200, a 400 as a high four 50. That was the big one. Four 50 was the biggest income. So this idea that you have to make 800,000 a year or something like that to be No, you don't. What what we do know mathematically and culturally and demographically is the tortoise wins. Not the hare slow and steady wins the race. Like the last guy, he consistently dumped money, his 401k, he's got 1.5 in there. His wife consistently filled up her 4 0 3, she had 600 in that. That's 2.1 million just in those two numbers of their 3 million.


And that's slow and steady wins the race. He got a Later start. He didn't even start investing until 34. Yeah. Slow and steady wins the race. Slow and steady wins the race. Slow and steady wins the race. And so we, but we live in a culture where you look at Instagram and the pretty people who are broke wearing $500 jeans, driving cars, they can't afford living in houses and going on vacations that they can't afford is who you're comparing yourself to instead of the people we've been talking to today. And that is a mistake. Comparison is not only the thief of joy, the number of hours that you spend on social media is directly correlated with how broke you are.


Did you hear me? The more time you have with media in front of your face, the more they're telling you that your life sucks and you need to go spend money you don't have. Turn it off. You can turn this show off if you want. As long as you go save money. Go save money and invest money. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Botta bing badda. Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.