
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Jade Washau. Number, one bestselling author, Ramsey personality is my co-host. Today as we answer your questions, the phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Ryan's in Seattle. Hey Ryan. What's up? Hi, longtime listener. I just got a, an offer from my parents. They helped me buy a house. I'd enter into a, a contract with them where basically they would be the bank.


They would front the entirety of the, the purchase price and I'd pay them back, including interest. They gave me a little bit better of a deal with the interest at about six and a half percent instead of it's around seven, seven and a half around where I'm at. And I was just curious on if it was gonna be something I should do. I know we've talked about, or you've talked about not buying a home with somebody you're not married to, but it's, it is family kind of thing. So The difference in interest, what does that amount to, I'm going somewhere with this Because That's the break you're getting.


Right? That's what they're offering you is a break on, break on interest. That as well as they'd be purchasing 25% of the home and I'd pay off 75% of the home. And then when I sell it, they get their, so the purchase price is 400 grand. Yeah, they, they would be given back their a hundred thousand and then 25% of any profit that was made. So this gets very complex. Yes. Have you already done this? It it's in the process of getting done right now.


Okay. Can, can, can you and are you willing to stop it? I, I think it's a great idea. It's not a great idea. It sucks beyond belief. It's a horrible idea. It's gonna end in ashes. Please don't do it. Yeah. Please don't do this. You, how old are you? 27. Okay. Just 10. When you're 30 and you're married and you wanna refinance the house and you have to buy out the 25%, your wife is gonna be so pissed at your parents.


Don't do this. is that Do because the, the value would be going up Or don't do this. You can't afford to buy a house. Sounds like if you can't afford to buy a house, go buy you a house son, do not do this. You, you guys are putting this all together. Like there's only one thing that can happen and it's, everything works out perfect. And a hundred percent of the time everything does not work out perfect. Everything true that comes at this. If you wanna refinance, you want to sell, they don't want to sell. You are now in partnership with people for no apparent reason. Except a half a percent.


No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And to go back to the first thing, it sounded like at first your parents were just trying to offer you not, and it's, it wasn't a good method, but it sounded like they were trying to offer you a break in interest. And my thought would've been like, well calculate how much it is and just ask for it as a gift and then you go buy the house. But they're really trying to make a profit. And so it's two things going on. It's you trying to get a house before you can afford it and them trying to invest in real estate and they don't really have the money to do that either. So it's two things that are gone awry. this Is really bad, Ryan. Yeah. I really wish I could talk you into not doing it. I don't think I can though. I think you're too far into it. I, I, yeah, you're done.


Okay. Good luck son. Please don't do it. I'm gonna tell you one more time. There's 47 ways this can go wrong and only one way it can go. Right. And you're gonna experience one of the 47 I'm you called and asked our opinion. I've got 30 years on this microphone. 40 years of doing one-on-one coaching. I have never seen a deal like this work out. They always go sideways. You're, you're asking to have a strain in a relationship with your parents over a stupid house and you guys have these rainbows and unicorns and skittles in your head that this is all gonna work out a certain way and honey it's not.


So you're gonna do it anyway and you're gonna learn the lesson the hard way. But you can remember the time you called And. we told you not to do it when you're sitting neck deep in the poop. You just remember that Dave and Jade told you not to do it. Yeah. 'cause he's gonna be neck deep. Oh, he's going In The poop. this is Katie's in Pensacola. Hey Katie. What's up? Hi Dave and Jade, thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can I help? So I, just wanna ask what type of savings account should we keep the $110,000 that we have for a down payment on a home in the future? My husband is eligible to retire from the Air Force in three years, but we'll probably wait another two years. So five years total to maybe buy a home. Yeah.


Wow. Nice. Well if you're going to play close to a five year window, you can talk about putting some or all of it towards something like a a, a standard and poor an s and p 500 mutual fund and you'll make some really good money on it. Okay. That's what I do. Okay. But it could go down in value. You know, you could put 110 And It might be worth a hundred, but that would be a highly unusual five year. 97% of the five year periods in the stock market's history have made money. so I'm very comfortable with the risk if you put it in and leave it alone in five years. If you're gonna leave it alone three years, probably not. I'm probably gonna go high yield. If you wanna do a blend, I'd do some in the mu like half of it in a mutual fund and s and p 500 fund and half of it in a high yield.


But at least get some of this money working for you. 'cause we're talking about, you know, we're talking about the difference of about $10,000 a year And, what you would earn on the money. So we're talking about 50,000 bucks of versus a high yield versus a a mutual fund. I also like o over a five year period of time, I also like the idea of investing it or doing the blend because once you've put it, you know, you put it in an index fund, you put it where you put it, you're less likely to touch it. You're less likely to have something pop up like your friend's, you know, wedding in the Caribbean that you think would be a good idea to spend some of that money on. Right. Whereas if it's in a high yield, it's easy to grab some of it. You invest it, it's Kind of walked away are a little too accessible.


Yeah. Yeah. I like trying to keep it out of my own reach. I like to trick myself into becoming wealthy. Yeah, that's that's good. You know, and trick myself into actually accomplishing my goals and Yeah, that's a good point. You know, it's a very good point. Yeah. So it's Always a wedding in the Caribbean. Yeah. I don't know why, what is it with you and the wedding? I don't, in the Caribbean that comes up a lot. Is this a scar in your life? But you know, it might be, It might be a friend out there somewhere that's, But you know how it is now. Suddenly you need a new car. Oh yeah. Well you need quote me, you know, for rednecks it's, we need a bass boat. Oh, need a bass boat. I need a side by side to go deer hunting in. Oh gosh. You know, and, and there are only, there are only 20, 20 grand. I mean, you got that Sitting In the high yield, you know, it's all Yeah.


Got that money sitting over there. Why would, why would we, why would we pay a bank interest for the side by side? No, that you, your brain starts fogging up. Does And It stop stops working, you can't see through the windshield anymore. Yeah, you're exactly right. Yeah, that's, that's a very good point. so I, I personally, I'm comfortable knowledge wise with the history of the stock market. So I'm plunking all of it. If it's me into an s and p 500, if you got a four or five year window, if you're a little less comfortable, do some there and some otherwise, if you're completely that freaks you out, just put it in a high yield. Yeah. But you've got the downside of it's too accessible. You know, it becomes the bass boat funder.


I need to redecorate the kitchen fund or yeah, whatever the crap comes up. this is The, Ramsey, Show.


If recent times have shown us anything, it's that the least expected events can and will happen. And. we have to deal with them. That's why everyone who has a family counting on them needs term life insurance for over 25 years. The only company I've recommended is Xander Insurance. That's because Xandr is a broker that works for you. They search all the top term life plans out there and find you the best rates and make the process of getting coverage quick and easy. You can apply online or over the phone in just minutes. And they offer plans with super competitive rates that don't require a medical exam, making it faster and simpler than ever to get the coverage you need. I trust Xandr for all my insurance needs and you can trust them too. Don't put off getting term life insurance until it's too late. Go to xander.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 for a fast and easy quote today. That's xander.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


We're going cruising boys and girls, we'd love to have you go with us. We're doing the Ramsey live like no one else. Crews, for those of you that are baby steps four and beyond, it's your opportunity to celebrate the milestone of getting into wealth building mode. All the Ramsey personalities, including Jade and I and my wife Sharon, will be with us the entire seven days on a high-end. Very nice Holland America, almost brand new ship. We're going to Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas. And man, this thing is packed full. We've got lots of fun cool friends coming, like Stephen Curtis Chapman's gonna hang out with us. Manique Shohan from the food channel will be with us. We've got a lot of other celebs hanging and you guys come out, it's all Ramsey people on the boat, all celebrating, all saying, we lived like no one else. Now by God we're cruising like nobody else. There you go. It's March, March, March, March, March 22nd through the 29th this coming spring. And if you don't wanna pay the whole thing up front, you can start, you can save your cabin for only 600 bucks and that'll get you going. But you need to do it because the cabins are going really fast. So get a cabin while you can. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise.


Paul's in Buffalo, New York. Hey Paul, what's up? Hey, how's it going man? Better than I deserve. How can we help? So kind of a crazy life event happened lately. I have an kind of estranged uncle, I know him, but probably haven't talked to him in 15, 20 years and he passed away. And my mother, his sister is this executive of the estate and she calls me and says he left you about a half a million dollars. Whoa. The you, you're the guy I've always heard about A guy with a rich uncle. A rich uncle. It was you. It it happens. It happens. I always, I never, I didn't know where you were. I've always heard about you though. That's Yep. Paul and Buffalo, man, the guy is, he's Paul in Buffalo.


He's the guy with the rich uncle. Wow, that's so cool. Paul Dean, that's so, I hate it when I get a half a million dollars out of the blue So little. It's a good problem to have, but I just don't really know what to do. I'm, I've been married for 21 years, well, not married, but with my wife for 21 years. I'm 37. We have a house And, we have two beautiful kids. And I listened to your show for a while and I know it's, it's very centered around getting rid of debt, but I just wanna be smart. I've never had this type of like, influx of cash flow before and I just don't wanna make any mistakes and, you know, set my kids up and obviously take care of us in the immediate.


So yeah, That's very wise because this kind of a hit really could change your family tree if you're careful with it. So that's very wise. And, and so when, how long before you actually received the money do you think? I mean they said it's, well that's another question too. So a lot of it is in investments and just from things I was reading online, I've seen people where like the attorney will liquidate all the investments and then they get taxed really heavily on it and I don't know. No, there's other things I was reading were like, move it to a Roth and then inherit the Roth or so I don't, I Dunno. No, it's you can't can't, you can't move dead people's stuff into a Roth. It doesn't work. so I, that's, that's, that's the internet garbage.


So the investments, so within six months to a year, investments should not have any, the investments don't have any taxes honey. So the, the deal is this. Now the attorney does, if the attorney liquidates 'em or you liquidate 'em, it doesn't matter. You now become the owner even if he liquidates them. Okay? You can ask him not to liquidate them and you can do it. But here's the, here's the tax law on that part and then we'll move on to the rest of it. Okay? So let's say that part of the 500,000 is, I'll just make up something. Home Depot stock, okay? And Uncle Pa uncle paid 50 grand for the Home Depot stock. But the Home Depot stock's worth 150.


Now your basis as the inheritance in an inheritance is current market value. And so your tax is based on how much above current market value it is. It's called a stepped up basis. Okay? Okay. You do not get taxed on what he paid for it. You get taxed only on what it's worth at the time of his death. And if you sell it within six months of his death, it is presumed to have been at market value by the, by the IRS. Okay? So you got no taxes, okay? 'cause so you take all this stuff if you wanna just, if you wanna liquidate all of it and have a half million dollar pile of cash in the middle of the table, zero tax, there's no income tax, there's no inheritance tax.


Cool. Now, okay, so that answers that question. So we don't have to, we can move on past that now then the reason I ask how long before you get it is I want you to start pretending like you were hired suddenly to manage someone's half a million dollars and you've never done that before, which is exactly what's happened, right? Yeah. God just gave you a half a million of his money and God says, how are you gonna manage it son? And you're going, this scares me a little bit. I wanna be careful. And that's wise. So what you would do if you were hired by someone and you didn't know what you were doing, you would get some other people on your team that knew what they were doing. And so I want you to begin to gather up your own little personal committee, your own little personal board of directors so to speak.


So we're gonna get a mutual fund broker, a smart investor pro off our website in your corner. We're going to get a, an estate planning attorney in your corner. We're gonna get some tax advice from an ELP and back up and make sure that Dave Ramsey actually gave you the right advice a while ago. And check that with a pro. Okay? And It, you can get an ELPA tax ELP off our site. We don't have estate planning attorneys on our site, but we've got people we recommend for tax in Buffalo and for, if you're gonna do any real estate deals, you can go get a real estate person in your corner. If you need insurance, you need a good insurance broker in your corner. Every one of these people do not qualify to be in your, on your committee unless they have the heart of a teacher.


Meaning your job is to manage their money. Their job is to teach you enough about their specialty to help you manage the money. Got It. You don't turn it over to them and go, well I just gave it to this guy to manage and he lost it all. No, your job is to manage it. You're taking advice from these other people and therefore their job is to teach you. They have to have the heart of a teacher. Does that make sense? It does. And that will keep you out of trouble. Do not do anything with this money that you do not understand because it is your responsibility. Yeah. Because sometimes these people start talking And It sounds like Charlie Brown's teacher, right?


You remember that? And so Yep. Long time ago on that cartoon. But yeah, the, anyway, so all all that to say then we're gonna have you work the baby steps, right Jade? Yeah. Paul, what's your current financial situation? Tell us about your financial AF before this money. Yeah, well that's another like interesting thing. I just had a business of 13 years and I sold it in January. so I have about a hundred thousand dollars in assets that I still need to kind of get rid of. Okay. And I have about $20,000 in cryptocurrency as far as debt goes. I have none and my wife has none. Wow. Good. We don't own debt, we don't have anything. Yep. Mortgage. Okay. Yeah, We own our house. It's, we, I think we owe about 130,000 and it's worth about 300.


Okay. So first thing I'd probably do after you've had those people in place is I definitely wanna pay off my mortgage and just be scot free. And then from there on, I think Dave set you up to have the right folks in your corner to decide what you're gonna do about this money, how you're gonna invest it, if it's gonna be in the stock market, if it's gonna be in real estate. And, And my recommendation is take $620,000 from Bitcoin and sale of business and inheritance and put at the top of the page and spend it. We just spent 130 of it paying off the mortgage. What are we gonna do with the rest of it? Okay, I'll give you, and then I'll tell you one last thing on that. A lump sum invested in a good mutual fund or series of mutual funds, if it averages 10% or more will double every seven years.


You're 37 you said? Yep. Okay. Me and my wife. So let's pretend we put 400 in investments and when you're 44 you'll have 700. When you're 51 you'll have 1.4. When you're 58, you'll have 2.8. Yep. Problem. See how this changes your family tree. Exactly. Well that's the thing, like I said, it's such, yeah it's a good problem but it's kind of, it's intimidating. It's kind of scary all at once you like, And the other two things you can do with money is have fun with it and be generous with it. And you should do some of that with some of this money too. Definitely. Notice I didn't invest at all. You're debt free, you're generous, you have some fun and you invest and you keep your stinking hands off of it and let it double.


this is The Ramsey Show.


There aren't many places you can save hundreds of dollars a month and still give you great service. Especially with health insurance. That's why Health Trust Financial is the only health insurance company Ramsey recommends Health. Trust. Financial objectively compares the top health insurance providers to meet your needs and budget. And remember, the service is free and there's no commitment. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com Health Trust Financial dot com.


Thanks for joining us America. Jade Washau Ramsey personality is my co-host. John's in St. Louis. Hey John. how are You? Not too bad. By yourself? Better than I deserve. What's up? Just calling to try to get a little bit of advice from you Dave on the way that my wife and I can tackle our monster debt that we have currently without our house. We are at $240,500. Good Lord. Yes. What is it? Is a monster. What is the monster? Unfortunately it's a lot of credit cards. Student loans. It's a HELOC and a 401k loan as well as two As well as two car payments.


You never met a debt you didn't like? No, unfortunately not. What's Your income? What's the income? Our salary wise is a hundred fifty one six. I broke it down to what our yearly is, should be roughly 99,840. Okay. Okay. So it sounds like you guys, I'm just trying to un get my head around how this happened. It sounded like you felt like you were making a good income. And It was time to just go crazy. Is that right? The credit cards is the biggest issue. How much is that unfortunately of the credit cards?


46,962 as of last month. Okay. We got how Much on the cars? The cars itself. My car is 28 7 20 8,700. Okay. My wife's is 21,000 and mine's due to be paid off in four years. Hers is due to be paid off in three years. Well one of them's probably gotta go. The 28,001, what's it worth? I was, I'm not entirely sure. It's a 21 Kia Sorento. Ugh. It's more of the family car. She has the more gassy efficient car.


What does she have A Nissan on an Altima? Well, whatever one these is the least upside down and of the most value, I'd probably try to liquidate one and get into a cash car. So John. Yeah, I don't really care if it's the family car. You people are broke, you're starving to death making $150,000 a year. You don't get to say it's the family car. You get to say everything's on the table. We're selling so much stuff, the kids think they're next. We're not doing anything until we get this mess cleaned up. 'cause you guys have been spending like you're in Congress for what? 10, how long you been married? 10 years?


No, four years. Four Years. Oh My gosh. Four years. You guys did this in four years or did you get started early? Well, I mean the student loans is all of my stuff over. How much Is that? But How much student loan? Unfortunately 80,000. Okay, well that is the biggest portion. Not the credit cards. And then the heloc. HELOC is how much The HELOC is where you go? 46,000. Okay. And that was just this past year. Okay. What'd you do with that? Which unfortunately helped us pay off a bunch of credit cards. No you didn't. You No you didn't. You moved. You moved them. It helped us consolidate 'em, I should say. Yeah, you moved them onto your house. And, It didn't help you consolidate 'em, it put your home at risk.


Yeah. So it's not a help. And you didn't stop spending, you're still spending more than you make, right? I would say yes. Yeah. Have you cut up the credit cards? Nope. No. Unfortunately not. Okay. I own myself. I don't use mine primarily for work related, which I know Dave you, I've heard you talk, talk about before. I've expressed in my work they should get us all credit cards so we don't have to use ours. Hopefully we can get that approved so I can stop using mine. When I travel A apparently that's not working for you. $46,000 in credit card debt and a HELOC that's 46,000.


So it's basically $90,000 in credit card debt. So something's broken with that system. Would you agree? Yes. You don't end up $90,000 in credit card debt when some, when something's working. So no use of plastic is gonna be okay in your house. You guys have to go cold Turkey. You don't, you don't walk around with a, with a flask in your back pocket if you're trying to quit drinking. And so, man, wow. How Much am just, just curious for the work part. 'cause I wanna know how much of that is an excuse. How much are you putting on your credit card every month for work? I mean it's not that much.


The one of the, the card that's got the biggest amount, I take the full blame for it of putting miscellaneous stuff. But that's, That had nothing to do with work. Yeah, My point, my point is, if you're spending a little bit here or there for work and they're reimbursing you, I who care, you don't need a credit card for that. So John, you shouldn't be doing that. But Let's, let's reset here for a second. Are you, does this scare you? Yes. 'cause it's, I mean it's continual and I, I would love for as a family wise, we would be better off with, you know, financially and the credit cards I look at is, it's one of the scariest things. Okay?


Unfortunately It's scary. It's not, the math is not scary. What's scary is the pattern of being outta control and staying outta control. That's what scares me. It's not sustainable. You know, this is heading towards the wall and you're gonna t-bone the wall and just blow the whole thing up. Right? You know that's what's coming because you, you guys just continue the same pattern. That's you. You know, we're in, you can't get out of a hole by digging out the bottom right? I mean, so now how's your wife feeling? We're both just stressed with it. Okay? Are y'all fighting about this stuff? We try to talk about it and she gets stressed and doesn't wanna talk about it. Y'all are fighting about this Stuff.


Honestly, I'm just, You would be weird if you're not having a bunch of fights. 'cause this stuff is, it's the Number one cause of divorce in North America. It's the Number one cause of disagreement in marriage. this is money problems and money fights and you got 'em all up around your ears. So here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna help you. I wanna give you an overarching plan. I've been where you are except worse. And I remember being terrified and I remember my wife being terrified and I remember us trying to kill each other and I don't want that for you, okay? But the plan I'm going to give you does not have a middle ground. It is not an easy process. The result is a hundred percent you're going to win and you're gonna become a millionaire.


But the path to get there is painful because you guys have a series of behaviors, habits, and even language that you use in your own heads and at each other that has got to completely change because your behaviors are habits and the language you use around this stuff. As soon as I start talking about the car, you start talking, it's a family car. As if as if it's a non-starter. It's not a non-starter, it's a stupid car and your family's almost bankrupt. It's the enemy. It's not the family car. Okay? So you change your vernacular around this and you go anything that is between me and freedom is the enemy.


We are going to freaking war with our lifestyle and our former patterns of doing things. We are not gonna do this anymore. If you're ready to enter into that, I can show you how to do it. If you wanna play around and think there's a math trick to hack you out of this, you got the wrong guy, I can't help you, but I can show you. I've shown millions of people how to get outta debt. We'll put you into Financial Peace University. I'll pay for it free and and we'll pay for you to be on EveryDollar of the premium side of the app and get you in the EveryDollar app and you and your wife sit down together. Crap, I'm not even gonna put a coach in your corner. We got one of our Ramsey coaches in your area. I'm gonna pay for a personal coach to coach you, but only if you're willing to say, I'll do whatever I have to do to win.


Okay? Alright. We can get rid of this fear, man. And here's the weird thing. Before the debt belief, the fear will be gone. That you'll still have the debt but you won't have the fear anymore because you'll see your way out. You'll see a light at the end of the tunnel. That's not an oncoming train. The only thing you know right now is you're stuck and you're not stuck. What stuck is the stupid crap that brought you to here? It's the same stupid crap that made me go broke. And It got Jade 200 what? Two? 400, 400 6400 60,000 in debt. The lady to my right and paid it off her and her husband. So you can do this. And they weren't making anywhere near a hundred and a half. True that. So you hang on. This place is about hope, but it's not about false hope.


You're gonna live like no one else man. Your friends are gonna think you joined a cult. You're gonna be going cray cray man. Completely different than anything you've ever done in your life. But you'll be free in 36 months. Hang on, I'll pay for it. Christian will pick up and get you taken care of, brother.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle. The Number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


Jade washau Ramsey personality is my co-host Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We appreciate all the help you guys have been giving us and encourage you to continue to give us that help. And the help is you subscribe to the shows. So if you're watching or listening on YouTube or Spotify, apple, Google Play, whatever, just click the follow or the subscribe button. It makes a big difference in the way those algorithms are handled with those platforms to whether they put the show out or not, how they push it forward to other people to see it. Thank you for doing that. Share the show. Let people know we're here. Click a link and send it to somebody.


I sent a funny Instagram to all my buddies this morning. That happens all the time, right? And you know you can do all that share stuff that makes somebody laugh or make some think or inspires them. And this show does all of those things. And Of course leave a nice five star review. We appreciate all of that. We know you're doing it 'cause our numbers are way up. Tim's in Roanoke. Hi Tim, how are you? Hi Dave, thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So my wife and I about halfway through baby steps three. And so we're looking toward investing something that's outside of our, my work TSP and her work 401k Good. And we've reached out to a financial planner and I'm just wonder, I don't wanna make another mistake with money 'cause I've done a lot of them.


So I'm just wondering, you know, how much should I be paying this guy as a financial planning fee? And then Did you go to a smart ster pro? We did. Okay. We did. Other Question is they have a smart ster pro. That particular one has a, has a financial planning fee. Yeah, they have. They have a a, they call it a retirement planning fee. It's an annual fee. And then there's then, as I was reading in there, depending on what investment vehicle you're using, if it's like above 50,000, then it's a percentage and then below that it's the brokerage fees. Okay. Was the way I was reading it. But I don't, I don't, I don't understand that.


And we're meeting with the guy tomorrow. Okay. And I just wanna have Information mo, most of the smart vestor pros run on just managed accounts. Okay. And managed accounts is simple. There's no commissions and they charge 1% of the balance. Now some of them do have a minimum, you know, 50,000 a balance or whatever till they get there. And you don't need to pay an annual fee. I don't know what that's for, just for planning. 'cause you're not gonna be doing that much planning annually. Now you may wanna pay an upfront fee to help you get your will started if you don't have one help you do some other financial planning things. How much was that fee?


600. Okay. That's not unreasonable. No. Okay. Okay. Alright. Because I mean I, a lot of people there in the financial planning world, there are people that do not sell anything. They do not sell insurance, they don't sell mutual funds, they don't sell wills, they don't sell anything and they just charge for their hours. That's called fee-based planning. Okay. I don't generally recommend those because then you're also gonna pay commissions on top of that and you can get the same advice basically for 600 instead of 4,000 or, or for, you know, if you move a couple hundred thousand bucks over there, you're not gonna pay anything but 1% and they're just gonna take care of your plan, your annual planning and your other stuff too.


There's not that much to this. And so different smart vest pros run different things, but as to my knowledge, we don't have any fee. Only all of them are managing mutual funds for your Roth IRA your kids' college or rollover from your old job or whatever. And they're helping you do that. And 1% on the managed accounts is what almost all of them are doing. I mean my only question would be, at this point in your investing, you haven't even begun yet. How much financial planning do you need each year? True. Exactly. That would be my question. We did now. Right? You know, Not, not a ton, but six, 600 bucks is not, you know, it's not 6,000. So that's true. You, the other thing you can do is this, meet with that guy and just get a sense of the spirit and, and as you're driving away, ask your wife.


Do not ask her what she thinks. Ask her how she feels about that reading. Well the reason, The reason I'm calling is based on how she feels. Okay. What's, what's her feeling? Well, they sent us, they sent us their disclosure agreement and the contract and she started reading the contract and she's like, well wait a minute, now we're getting tied into a contract and there's all these different fees and whatnot and getting nickel and dime to death and I don't wanna get involved in that. Okay. Go meet with them and see if that spirit changes. We have, we've met with 'em twice already. Oh, Okay. Okay then don't do it. Okay. You're interviewing them. Yeah. Click, Click on smart Mr. Pro and go talk to another one. Okay. There's more than one in your area and you know, there's probably one just doing a 1% management fee and so that, that really wouldn't be that unusual.


So yeah, listen, do a hundred percent of the time my wife does not feel good about a business relationship I'm entering into. We don't do it. Period. Period. And I will ask her, I'll challenge her. I say, you sure that's God's spirit, not last night's pizza. Right. I'm gonna double check, but she will say no, I just, it just doesn't feel right. And every time that one wins, Proverbs 31, who can find a virtuous wife? The heart of her husband safely trusts her and he will have no lack of gain. Huh? Look at that. So yeah, don't, don't do it.


I don't care if it's our, the guy might not be a bad guy. Sure. But he is not your guy. And that's it. That's exactly it. Dave. I like that you said it that way because somebody else might call the guy, work with him and be like, this guy's great. How many, there's been many times where somebody has recommended somebody to me, they love him and then I go and I'm Like, this is not my guy. Yeah. So it happens. Hey Christian, I do wanna learn a little bit more about this guy. I don't think he's doing anything wrong, but I wanna learn a little bit about him. So find out who it was. Okay. I'm gonna put 'em on hold. Alright. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Tom is with us in San Diego. Hey Tom, how are you? Hey Dave. I'm good. How. are you guys better Than we deserve? What's up? Wonderful. Glad to hear it.


I am out here and I'm trying to figure out what the right move is to do with my house. so I went through FPU at the beginning of the year and I'm upside down on a car payment. Like I, I make good money, but I'm, I'm at a very high in debt to income threshold on my, on my house payment. What do you owe? How much is your house payment? 4,500 A month. And, what do you bring home? Gross is about 1 40, 1 45. What Are you bringing home? A month? Every Month. Just over 11. Yeah. It's pretty high. Okay. Yeah, it's And how much is your car payment?


Eight 60. Holy. Well there is a bigger problem. Yep. And that's, so this is the problem I faced. I'm all about the dump the Tahoe plan, but because I'm too upside down on it, there's no way. What do you owe? I Got hit really hard. 30. What's the number? 30, 39. Okay, And what are, what? What do you think it's worth? Well, according to the like KBB estimates, it books at like 24 Private sale. Private and so, and trade would be like 20. Yeah. What'd you do? Tear it up? No, it's Wrote negative equity from the other deal on it.


Negative. No, I didn't, it was a, it's a high interest. I didn't Oh wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What's your interest rate? 12. Okay. The 40 or the 39 is probably not your payoff. That's probably when you do a subprime loan, they generally put it on the books on TOP total of all payments. That's different than an early payoff number you're asking for, did you ask what your account balance is and you got 39? No, I asked them what their pay of the 10 day payoff and they gave me a 20 day payoff, which I've never heard of, but Okay, that, so that's an actual payoff number. That was an actual payoff number.


What car is this? It's a Jeep Man. You got so screwed. Okay, So the, I'm I'm really close to a breakthrough on being able to refinance this house. And. It would cut my payment down significantly. But the trouble is because I have this, like I'm trying to go back and forth between baby steps one and two. And so I had my step one, I'm crushing step two and then I got hit with like $20,000 of home repairs in June. Yeah. And so I just got nothing. So it's starting all over. And so I just keep getting overwhelmed with it and trying to figure out how I should do it. 'cause if I give up everything, I'll do it. Yeah. I mean something's gotta go and you need to decide what it is.


'cause nothing you're describing is fun. We gotta get rid of the cheap and maybe the co maybe the house you decide, but you can get more of both. so I wouldn't hang on to 'em for dear life. I'd just say, okay, God, what? Get me out of this.


Hey folks, Dave here and I know some of you listening to the show waiting for a call that answers your specific question. Maybe you need help with budgeting or investing or saving your emergency fund. But wouldn't it be great if you could get the answers you need right when you need them? Well I got great news for you 'cause you can, when you download the Ramsey Network app, you get our advanced AI search that lets you easily find the calls that matter to you. You can also browse by topic to find answers for the exact things you need help with. That means you don't have to simply hope the next call will be the one you've been waiting for because the Ramsey Network app lets you have control. And with over 7,000 hours of life-changing content, the Ramsey Network app is the best place to find the answers you are listening for. To get access to personalized content for free, just search Ramsey Network in the app store today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Number one bestselling author, Jade Wasaw. Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Craig is with us in Minneapolis. Hi Craig, how are you? Great. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So to start off with, we have no debt outside of what we owe in the home. But my question is, is investing money into solar panels to save money on utilities, better or worse than investing in the market?


So after the tax credit that you would get, the 30% that just comes right off, you know, I'd get it back on next year's taxes, that equates to about a 7.8% return on what I would save. So obviously I don't have to pay tax on money that I saved, but if I invested it, I end up having to pay tax eventually on money that's invested. So Man, you really want some solar panels, don't you? Nah, You, you got the bug, you got this all you got, you got the salesman's pitch down man. So well, so what you're saying is actually not true because if you put it into a Roth, there's no taxes on it and a tax rebate is just a cost savings.


It's not a return on investment. Right. I'm not, I'm not factoring in the tax rebate on anything as far as, You said a 7% rate of return was the tax credit Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm, I'm saying so like the, the system is like 57, I'd get the 17 or whatever back on the tax credit. So I'm looking at it that Tax credit is just a tax, it's just a cost savings. That's all it is. It, It's not a return on investment. I'm Not factor and I'm, and I'm not factoring that into any of my figure. Okay. What Was your 7.6% looking? Me and me eventually putting in $40,000 and saving about $3,400 a year.


Oh, okay. Alright. So that, that's, that's, That's your 7%. Okay. That is an actual term. That's my seven. Okay. Alright. Correct. So if you, if you invest $40,000, you have a 10 year break even About Yeah. Yeah. That's 'cause you're not in the, you're not in the solar panel zone in Minneapolis. You ought to have about a five year break even on solar panels for 'em to make sense. And the reason is, is the technology's moving so quickly. The solar panels today are excellent compared to five years ago. And the solar panels five years from now will be excellent compared to that junk you're getting ready to buy.


So you need to break even on it really quick. It's like buying a computer, right? It's, you know, think about a 5-year-old computer, a joke. It's a door stop. And so nothing as clunky as old solar panels, but I, I'm a believer in solar, but solar, the numbers we've run on it, you need to try to break even on it. Net net net cost. Not the 57 but the 40. I'll go with your tax credit being a cost savings. So we're running the numbers on 40, but if you're only making 3,400 on 40, you got a 10 year break, even 11, 12 year break even that's not good enough. You need to, you need to make your money back faster than that on that kind of thing.


so I I endorse solar companies in some of the markets that we're in some of the talk radio stations and so forth, but they're running five, maybe seven year breakevens, but not 10 12. So, and by the way, 7% rate of return on technology that's deteriorating daily is not a great rate of return. So 7% rate of return on a high yield savings account would be great, but it's not great on technology. So that's going down. So the, these guys and you've obviously run into a world class salesman 'cause you can re you're regurgitating his stuff really, really well. And, but it's no, I I personally would not do that.


I just wanna make sure that's your question 'cause your break even is too long. I just wanna make sure he wasn't thinking about this as an alternative to He was and that's the other problem. It's not even on the same spectrum of investing. Yeah. Just do your investing and then say am I gonna buy something else? Right. That gives me a break even. Okay. Am I gonna buy a, I don't know, a, a car that saves me on gas mileage? Yeah, they're two separate distinctions. Okay. If I got a GI got a gas guzzler and I'm gonna save X number of dollars on my car, buy buying. But it's a little bit more expensive. What's the breakeven on your gas mileage savings. But That has nothing to do. Whether that, whether Or not you're gonna invest, that's not alternative to investing. Yeah, that's right. You don't get to not do a Roth 'cause you bought a car that doesn't eat gas. That's right. Or you put solar panels up that don't need electricity.


But what that tells us is he can't afford to do this because he's considering doing one over the other. Mm. That's, that's what I'm getting to. I got my, my magnifying glass out. Yeah. Good, good. Good job there. Investigative. I like it. Cody's in Orlando. Hey Cody, what's up? Hey Dave. so I am in over my head in a situation with a car that I financed. I took the car over and now I'm in a position where it, my mechanic told me that the motors are in recall. It's destined to blow up at any point. Of course it's, and I owe $14,000 on this car.


And there is about a two year waiting list for a new motor due to the recall on all of them. What vehicle is it? And. what Is it? It's a 2018 Hyundai. Hyundai Sonata And Sonata's. All the engines are blowing, It's burning oil, causing the engines to blow up. It's internally burning oil. And it's a recall. this is not just you. It is, but it is not covered. I'm not under warranty due to the mileage on the car. And so the car is at almost 160,000 miles. I took it over in a bad situation going through a divorce, didn't want the credit to get ruined, took over the Car. Okay. So what do you owe on it?


I owe 14,000 Value And. what, what, what can you sell this piece of crap for Trade in probably 2000. And I don't have anything in savings, but I have another car. My mom just passed away and I inherited her car. No payment. What's it worth? Paid Off about 3000. Trade in. It's a little older. It's a 2012. Okay. With about 80,000 miles on it. About 54,000 a year. Okay. All right. So and so I know, so if you, if you, if you trade in or whatever, you got 3000, you need $11,000, right? Yes.


So where, where are you gonna get 11,000 bucks? You need $11,000. Where you gonna get it? Yeah, I don't have It. I know. Where are you gonna get it? I would have to work and save it. That's right. Like a lot of work. More than you're doing now. Yeah, like extra jobs. Yeah. Okay. Like you can make, you know, 1500, $2,000 a month delivering pizza five nights a week. Okay. And you're doing that in your mom's old car. Or you could run the sonata all the way into the ground till it blows. I don't care. 'cause it's not gonna be any, or you might as well get something out of it and just run the crap out of it. And, you know, DoorDash and pizza and anything else. What do you do for a living Right now? I'm a, I'm a cook at Longhorn.


Okay. Alright. So any, anything you could do to get more and more hours at the best possible pay doing anything. I want you working like a maniac and you know, like have a, like a, I don't know, five, six month plan to be done with this. Five months would be $2,000 a month, right? Yes Sir. Find $2,000 a month for five months and then get rid of this piece of crap and then you go, okay, that one's in my rear view mirror. No pun intended. I think he thought there was a Oh, there's not a hack. Yeah, there was a hack. No, there's not a hack. Gotta work your way out. It's unfortunately it is. It's called work. Lots of work. Yeah. It's a hack Magic trick Work all the time.


It's a hack. Oh, This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz here to tell you about a faith-based alternative to health insurance that can make healthcare more affordable. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM allows members to share each other's healthcare costs and it's as easy as 1, 2, 3, step one, choose the healthcare provider you want. Step two, submit your eligible bills. And step three, get reimbursed. CHM members take care of your eligible medical bills with no network and the freedom to choose your healthcare provider. CH m is the best option for Christians who wanna take care of their families and help other believers find out more at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Thanks for joining us America. We're glad you're here. Jade Washau Ramsey personality is my co-host. Today's question of the day comes from Lauren in Missouri. Yeah. She says, I listen daily and hear the phrase, don't listen to broke people quite often. What is the Ramsey definition of broke? So we know who in our circles not to listen to. I love this question. Well broke people. for me, a broke person is somebody who is not financially responsible. And you see that as the fruit in their lives, right? They may have cars in their driveway, they may have the house that's next to yours and they're your neighbor. But you get the sense that they're not managing their money properly.


And sometimes I will say Dave, it's hard to know because unless you know this person, you know, on that financial level, you may not know how they handle their money. But if you see them pull out a credit card when it's time to pay for dinner, you know, if you see that their houses, if you have an idea of where they work and where they earn and you're taking a look at their houses and their cars, there's certain little indicators that you're going, I wonder what type of, I wonder how they're managing their money Now. On a personal level, when I think about broke, I think about paycheck to paycheck. And it's that person where your, your money's coming in And, it's going out. You don't know what you're spending it on. You're not on a budget. And at the end of the day, because of that, you're not able to do the things that cause you to be a res financially responsible person.


You're not savings, you don't have savings, you're not investing for retirement. You, you are carrying debt, you're still getting into debt, right? All of those things that we teach you to do, you're not setting your family up and your children up long term for college and things like that. So that's kind of what I would place it in as far as what I would consider a a person being broke or trying to gauge. If a person is somebody that you don't wanna take advice from, Wealth is not income. Wealth is not appearance. So if you're bling bling, you got a purse that costs more than most people's kids, you are driving cars that don't fit the neighborhood, meaning they're too nice.


You know, you got two $60,000 cars sitting in front of a $400,000 house. You're broke. You're, you know, and if, and if all your vacations are so nice, they're on your Facebook page. You know, you're living, you're, you're trying to put on the dog. As we say in Tennessee, you're trying to look like you're something you're not. That is not the definition of wealth. Tom Stanley, who wrote the book, millionaire Next Door, before he passed away, he wrote another book called Stop Acting Rich Broke People Act Rich and aren't Yeah, They're trying too hard. I got, I hesitate to do this 'cause I got a sweet young man sitting here in the lobby with a great cowboy hat on.


But in Texas they say, big hat, no cattle. That's broke. Okay. Oh, lot of talk. No money, lot of, a lot of putting on the, hes no money. So wealth by definition is net worth what you own, minus what you owe is your net worth. And so if you make $2 million a year and you have nothing in net worth, you're broke. You spend all of it, that's what it amounts to. And so it's not income and it's not what people, it's not stuff that you show on Instagram.


And here's the thing, most people that aren't broke don't give a crap what you think broke people care deeply about what you think. And so that comes into, 'cause that's why broke people are always giving you advice. 'cause they're afraid that you're gonna outpace them because you're doing smart things. That's a big indicator right there. The, the people who are constantly Yapping. Yep, yep. They got a lot of opinions about other people's stuff and they got no stuff Thing. That's a big indicator Thing. Yeah. And so, you know, your typical millionaire, we interview 'em on the millionaire baby Steps Millionaires. What's the most expensive pair of blue jeans you ever bought? 50 bucks. A hundred bucks.


And you know, nobody, nobody excited about that in the blue Jean world. I don't know. I feel That's big. Blue jeans money. Can I challenge the blue jeans? Okay. I don't know. I'm just saying, I'm not saying that's an indication of growth. Move on Dave. Just for me. I'm saying the typical millionaire when we interview them, that's true. Them they true. And then we say, what did your wife spend? Maybe a hundred bucks. Okay. But still, they just don't, they're not majoring in appearances and broke people generally major in appearances. They try to look like they are something they aren't. And then they have opinions about your money that are unsolicited. You didn't even ask, but they got a lot to say about it.


And, It. It's sometimes in your family. And here's the other thing, here's what broke people are most people that's broke people. 78% of Americans live paycheck to paycheck. That's eight outta 10 houses on your street are spending everything they make to stay afloat. Wow. So what's that? What's a broke person? Most people, that's broke people. Most people, when you pull up a stoplight and five nice cars sitting around you, you're looking at five car payments, Man. You're not looking at, at Millionaire that rolled up there. You know, he's sitting in a $56,000 pickup truck. Yeah. With a dadgum $854 payment on it. But by God, I got me a truck, you know, bro, I work hard.


I deserve what you deserve. What? A payment? A Payment. Gimme a break, dude. Seriously. And so that's, that's, you know, our, so our definition of broke people would be of wealthy people would be net worth. And you don't get net worth by only earning an income and you don't typically get net worth by giving a rip what other people think. And so putting on, yeah, putting your vacations on Facebook, putting your purse, your bling, your, I don't know, whatever it is. Whatever it is that you think other people might think they're, and be impressed with you. Yeah. Your car for sure. Your stupid car. this is the country where cars, you know, United States of America.


Cars are a status symbol. 100%. When I walk through, when I walk through my neighborhood, I, when I see cars, I just see the payment amount. That's all I see. Have You seen the thing that, like I did, it's, it's old, but you are your car. And he goes like, okay, this person is a Subaru and this this person is a Oh, it's hilarious. Because you're like making a statement about who you are. Yeah. I mean, that Is true. So I'm not sure what I am, I'm an old Corvette I guess, but there you go. But, but the or or I might be a Raptor, but somewhere in there. But because I, I think you're Raptor 2, 2, 2 of my cars. But anyway, so Yeah. But it's you. The cars Cars are, You used to be a Jaguar.


I used to Be a jaguar. Not gonna do it. That's it. That's it. Is that like a, is that like a broke cougar? Is that what? Drag war? I think. I think so. A male broke cougar is a Drug bar when I go by apartment complexes. Yeah. And I see, yeah. They're sitting in a stinking apartment complex and there's a 40,000 car sitting out there. I'm Like. this is a, that is definitely broke people. Yeah. Sense percent. That's broke people. Okay. So yeah, that's what you're talking about. And I can't tell if this question's a little bit facetious or not, but we're giving you a serious answer anyway, so Yeah. So the answer is don't listen to most people.


Yeah. 'cause most people are broke. Most people don't know. And don't listen to people who are putting on images of wealth because they probably don't have any. And really, you get to know someone well enough. You actually know what their net worth is. You go, this guy's 35 years old, he is, got a $2 million net worth. Okay. That's a guy you can listen to. Yeah. And he's, when you, when you line that up, that person is not spending the way you think that a rich person should spend. No, they're just not, they don't, there. It's, there's a reality to it where it's like, Hey, this money is in investments. You're just living a normal life. Yep. Yep. You Know? Very weird. That's okay. It's an interesting discussion though. It is. Yeah. If broke people are making fun of your financial plan, you are on track.


That's one of the things we always say is a great joke line. Yeah. And it's like, if fat people are making fun of your diet, then you're right on track. You know, it's the same deal. Right? And so if you've been divorced 62 times, I hope this next marriage works for you. But I don't wanna read your book on marriage. You, you ain't got this figured out, Bubba. And so that, that's the deal. And, and that's, that's what we're looking at, yeah. Is it's a proof text in the marketplace, as in business, we would call it best practices, right? I wanna follow someone that has a series of habits that has caused them to win in this particular area of my life I'm concerned about. So if you wanna get, if you wanna be married and have a great marriage, find somebody who's been married 67 years and find out why she didn't kill him.


It's a good thing, man. You need to know these things. That's, it's smart. It's smart. this is The, Ramsey Show. Mark Twain said, the best way to double your money is fold it over once and put it in your pocket. It'll come to you later. Folks, those of you, some of you haven't seen real money like actual cash in so long, you don't even know what that means. So there we go. Hey, speaking of making your money behave, you have to do that. If you want to have some, Anything that you wanna win at, you have to intentionally address the subject, the power of intentionality.


A budget is what we do in the wealth building world. If you wanna become wealthy, you have to make the money that you have your most powerful wealth building tool, your income behave. It has to go where you want it to go, to accomplish fun, to accomplish generosity, and to accomplish wealth building. So we say, to give EveryDollar of your money before the month begins an assignment. That's why we named the world's best budgeting app, EveryDollar. And now, years later, tens of millions of people in America use EveryDollar the app for budgeting every month to manage their money. Oh, you're not yet. Well, you should be.


You should have fomo. You should go get this done. Download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play today. And you and your spouse can sit down, put each of it on your phone and boom, we're off to the races. We're gonna make this be Ha Mike's in Chicago. Hey, Mike. What's up? Not much, sir. Not much. How can we help? Okay, so years ago, my mother-in-law was, was living with me and my wife. We bought the family house that she was living in at that time. She only owned 50% of the house. Okay? The other half was owned by the sister-in-Law.


At that time, the, her husband died. so I, me and my wife bought the, the house. 50% went to the sister-in-Law. My, you know, my father-in-law's sister. Okay. And. we, her mom was like, Hey, can I live with you guys? If that's okay? And I said, sure, fine. After a couple years later she went for a car ride. And I asked her, you know, I was just curious. I said, like, mom, how much do you have? Like retirement and stuff like that? And she's like, no, I really don't.


And she's like, I only have maybe like $80,000. And I was like, wait a second. And I was like, you're 72 years old, you only have $80,000 with something mutually like happens. And she said, well, I figured you guys would help me out. And I was like, what? And she's like, well, I figure all if all the money goes gone, I figured you and my daughter would help me out. And after that conversation, I, I saw, I asked, you know, talked to my wife about it, and she and my wife was appalled to it.


And then mom, her mom moved out and is living on her own now because it was putting string onto my marriage. Why was she living with you in the first place? Because my wife felt kinda, well, when we bought the house, 50% of that house. So the house was worth a hundred House. Do you own the whole thing now? Yes, I do, sir. Okay. I couldn't, I I couldn't understand the story. I Didn't either. Okay. Okay. So that part, So now mom has moved on and what's your question? How to I bring up, like she's already, like, that's what I'm saying, like, if she has only $80,000 to like, live off of, and that was like three years ago.


So she's 75 now. She's Yeah, she's up there. She's 75. Does She, does she have social security coming and she lives on that? Yes. Okay, so she's probably not using the ad except when there's an emergency, right? I mean, yeah, per And, we Don't know. I mean, we don't know we're cashing because we Dunno, she's not working. Dunno, because I, yeah, she's not working. I didn't bring it up again because my wife's like, that's not your business. But at the same time, like if mom's living under my house, I wanna know She's not now How much To do? Yeah, she's not Now. Yeah. Well, she's not now. Okay. But the same time, if something did go wrong, let's say she's outta money, let's say, So you feel like she's not, you feel like she's not just using social security survive, she's pulling actively off of that nest egg and you're worried that that's gonna run out, That's gonna run out.


And then I'll be the scapegoat. Me and my wife will be the scape and my, she, my wife does have another sister. What's your household income? I make over 95,000 And. what does your wife make? My wife makes over maybe, let's say 30. Okay, so you got 120,000 household income in Chicago, Illinois, and you're, we just don't know about mom. So here's the thing. You can decide to do one of two things. You can just lay this down and not worry about it, which is probably what you need to do. Okay? You're not obligated morally or ethically to step in and make her life perfect if she has not managed her life well, regardless of what her expectations are.


And your wife has been trained by this woman that she's supposed to take care of her mother. And her mother has told everybody, you all are all gonna take care of me. And there may be a little bit of a surprise when you stand up and say, no, we're not. So that's one possibility. And you and your wife need to get on the same page and say, okay, when mom comes begging, we're, we're not gonna be her backstop. Okay? That, that's, that's one, that's one option. And you gotta decide if you're, if you're gonna do that, you've gotta decide that as a unified front. The two of you. The two of you, okay? The other option is to go and completely invade her life. Because if you're expected to take care of her, if she fails, then you have the right to keep her from failing.


I agree. If she, my wife, if your wife and her mother are expecting you to take care of this woman, then you should go over there and sit down and open up all of her books and put that lady on a freaking budget and be in control and be looking over her shoulder. Otherwise, I'm not your backstop. I'm not gonna be responsible for you unless I get full. Say, Yeah, because is she healthy? I mean, she's a, I mean she's healthy. My point is, if the time comes, I mean, she Could make it, she could make it a decade.


I mean, she could, yeah. Right? But if the time comes where she needs home healthcare or she needs, do you know what I'm saying? That is you on the hook for that. So for that, that reason's Not him. But if you go option two would be Yeah, Option two, you gotta go over that. You gotta go over there and put her on a budget where she lives on social security and she takes her hands off the 80 and you put it in an account where she can't touch it without your help. You have to take over her. If you're responsible for her finances, you should take over her finances. Otherwise, I'm not gonna be responsible for it. I'm not gonna allow you to drive your car in the ditch and then bitch, 'cause you don't have a car. That's not an option. I'm with it. Yeah.


So the problem is, is that your mother-in-law and your wife are both passive aggressive and you're getting ready to get aggressive. Aggressive. And this is gonna stink up the whole thing. So, but you know, there's not, you guys have been trying to walk down the middle of it. It's none of your business. But we have to take care of her. No, it is by God, my business. If I have to take care of her, that makes it my business. That's how that works. Yeah. So, but I'm not gonna, you know, I I you can't have it both ways. You can't go, well, you have to take care of her, but she's allowed to do whatever she wants. No, it's not okay. 'cause that, that, that's his fear and it's a valid fear. The Hard part about that And, what you're saying is, is exactly right. The hard part about it though is if number, if the two option doesn't help and the, and the, the parent in-law says, I'm not giving you access.


I'm a grown person, you know, dah, dah, dah, duh. Right? Then I'm not giving you help. Then you have to take your hands off of it. But then the time will inevitably come as the child where you will see that they need my help and you. But you've already chosen to do this. So either way, the sucky part of this and the teaching part of this is do not put your children in this situation. Amen. Because at the end of the day, they're screwed. No, you're, you're danged if you do danged if you don't either way. Because it is hard to sit back and watch somebody struggle even though you tried to help. Do you see what I'm saying? So there's no, and then it sucks when you have to financially help somebody who should've helped themselves. So there's no good side of it. Just do right and handle your money the way we're teaching.


And don't wait until Don't do this to your kids. Yeah, for real. That's, that's the point. I like that point. That's the point. this is The, Ramsey, Show.


Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment. Affording a home is impossible. And you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right? Wrong George Kamel here. Listen, finding a home you love within your budget is possible. And I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving a Down payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist. We'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course.


Jade haw Ramsey personality is my co-host. Kurt is in Philadelphia. Hi Kurt, how are You? I am good. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? I'm wondering if you have advice for me. I, I have about 7.8 million in financial assets with the bulk of it. 6 million in tax IRAs, 4 0 1 Ks and 4 0 3 Bs. I'm a 66-year-old guy and I'm taking social security amount of about $3,600 a month. And I have a pension of about a thousand dollars a month. My problem, and I think you can see it, is that in seven years I'm gonna go off a cliff with required minimum distributions on my tax deferred accounts.


Yep. And I can't solve this. this is gonna boost me into the highest tax bracket, I think, and trigger Irma and other kind of penalties. Is there any answer for me? God, I hate it when you got $7 million worth of money. Way to go, man. You did great. I just wish it wasn't all in tax deferred. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I Didn't realize that till too late. Yeah, So, okay, so is it all 401k or what is most of it is? It's IRAs. The bulk of it is in 401k and 4 0 3 B. But some of it's in IRAs. Did you say some of it was taxed was like a 4 57 just deferred income?


Yes, yes, yes. 4 57 B That's what it is. Yeah. How much of it is that? Geez, you would ask me that. I think it about half, half of, of the 6 million is in that. Wow. I'm trying to think through the math. So the extreme answer that's probably, that is not the answer, but this is helping me run the math while I'm live here on the air with you, is if you just moved it all to Roth, you would pay taxes on all of it. Now In one fell swoop, If you did, I'm, I'm not suggesting that, I'm just trying to work that through in my head because that's basically gonna cost you about 30 cents on the dollar.


And so that's gonna cost you like two, two and a half million dollars. Yikes. And that leaves you $5 million, a hundred percent tax free and a hundred percent tax free growth from now on. And when you leave that money in the estate, there won't be any tax to your heirs because it's in a Roth inherited, traditional becomes taxable Of course to the next generation because you hadn't yet paid taxes on it. And Of course Roth has no RMD. Right. So that's the extreme that makes me want to shoot somebody when I think about two and a half million dollars going to stupid government.


So that's not my answer, but I'm trying to think through that solves all of the problems except the one, except the two and a half million dollars problem. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So is there some iteration off of that where we get the enough of it out of And, we take enough pain that we get the RMDs down, or do we want to just bite the bullet and be done and rip the bandaid? Oh, that's so harsh. That's the cliff. Yeah. And that's, that's the problem I'm facing. I can't do enough over the next seven years to really make a dent. Oh, you can do it all, you could roll it all to a Roth.


Unless I Yes, unless I do it all at once. Well, you can do half of it. I mean, you, you can do, you can do enough. You're just gonna pay taxes on it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's no, no penalties. Just taxes. Right. And any Of course you've got to manage, if you're trying to manage tax brackets, like you said, you move a hundred, you start bumping brackets, you move 200, you're in another bracket. Right. You know, and so you're start, you're getting into bracket creep and that's why it's pretty much gonna be 30% because it, that's what you're saying, you can't do enough at a low tax bracket. Right. That's what I meant Percent to get to do any good. No, you can't. That's the other one end of the spectrum is you get slaughtered. The other end of the spectrum is you bleed to death a drop at a time.


Oh gosh. You know? And that, that's, that's, that's, God, that is an interesting, I'm not disagreeing with your guy. You are heading for a cliff. You can stop it. But the, the, the antidote is very painful. I don't know what to do If he did half and took, you Know, it's still gonna, he's still gonna have RMDs that are gonna be, so you got three and a half million. The RMDs that start at 72 and a half, that's, yeah. So here's the formula you could run. Here's another formula that's not a full, full bleed out. Okay.


You could run and say how much, what's the most I can leave in? And the RMD doesn't trigger Irma and the RMD doesn't put me in the top tax bracket. Okay. So what's the most I can leave in and then take the hit on the rest of it and go ahead and move it to Roth? That's a, that's a somewhat of a middle ground. There's nothing in this equation. That's not painful though. There's pain somewhere in this equation. Oh, that's what I was afraid of. Yeah. I thought maybe there's a magic bullet somewhere. No, I don't. I don't, I don't. If there is, I don't know it. I have systematically, I'm 63 and I've systematically moved a hundred percent of my stuff to Roth over the past decade for that reason because I knew I was gonna have RMD coming down my th throat.


And I knew from an estate planning standpoint, I'm likely to never touch any of it. You probably will never touch the mass. Vast majority of this. It's going to your heirs. And so you've got another problem if you go the RMD route is your heirs are gonna get this tax problem Shoot Because the inherited IRAs and under the new stinking Biden rules, they're gonna make them take that money in like five years. Or it's either five or 10 years. They gotta pull it all. Yeah, you can't leave it. It's worse than RMDs inherited. IRAs have required distributions on 'em now. Wow. That's more, that they're more than the RMDs a lot more the secure act.


That's what that Biden crap was called. And so because they, what happened was people were rolling it to the i to the inherited IRAs and never touching it. And so the government was never getting their money and so they figured out they want their money out of there. And so they're requiring these inherited IRAs to be liquidated. I believe it's 10 years. 10 years. I believe it might, it might have moved it even to seven, but it's really fast. Huh. Kurt? I don't know. I I I don't have good advice for you on the air live right this second. I will think about it. And, but is There a way I can circle back The knowledge that I have? Yeah, you're welcome to call back in and we'll put you back on.


We'll do this again. But the knowledge that I have is, might not have the bullet if there is, it doesn't have the bullet. If there is a silver bullet out there, and I'm kind of thinking now, the more I sit in this, if I'm in your shoes, I might just, and I'm thinking more about your kids. I I might just move it all. I might watch the election and see what happens with tax rates after the election. 'cause Trump had lower tax rates in than Biden does on people like you and me. 'cause we're evil And. we must be punished. We've built wealth. And so, and you're feeling that right now.


You know, you feel this is what tax policy does to people right here. You work your whole freaking life and then you get screwed by the government again. So as soon as I can anticipate the lowest possible tax bracket for this money, I might move it all. Okay. And then I'm done with it. I got rid of Irma, I got rid of RMDs, I got rid of inheritance problem, but I also got rid of 2 million bucks. Yeah. And you're 66 and you know what's gonna happen to that 5 million is that when you are 73, it's gonna be 10 million.


And when you're 81 it's gonna be 20 million. And if you're healthy, that's a high probability, actuarily speaking. And so $20 million is gonna be taxable instead of 7.6. That's another reason I might go ahead and do it. So do it now. Yeah. I I'm not advising you to do that, but at this moment that's starting to feel better than the other crap that we're all sitting here talking about. None of this feels good. It's a shame that a man works his whole life and starts from nothing and ends up with $7.6 million by saving. And he's 66 years old and he has to sit and decide which way the government's gonna screw him.


That's a shame. You people that vote wrong, you should be ashamed of yourself. this is The Ramsey Show Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau, Ramsey personality, Number one bestselling author of the book, money's Not a Map Problem. She's my co-host today. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two five. Lynn is in Madison, Wisconsin. Hi Lynn. how are you?


Hi. Thanks for taking my call. I appreciate it. Sure. What's up? So we have a son who is 22, putting himself through flight school. He's been living with us. We, there was agreement made Last year 'cause he's doing it debt free, which is, you know what we're trying to help him do. 'cause flight school's not very cheap. He met a girl Last year who is actually an orphan. Her parents passed away when she was 11. Not a good upbringing. She's currently 20. She essentially moved in to our house in January. So she's never had that basis, that base knowledge or education of anything essentially.


So we're really trying to help her out. And we've purchased FPU for them to work on, which they, she's a little bit hesitant to do, but she lives paycheck to paycheck. Obviously she's not paying rent for us 'cause we're trying to help her out. But we're trying to get her to save. She's a childcare worker so she doesn't make much, much. I'm just how much is too much to help out I guess. And are there any other resources out there for people who would be in her same situation where she's basically had nothing has been made to be dependent on a lot of people and trying to get that break, that cycle to kind of get them out into the world as functioning adults?


Well, what Dr. John Delony would say would be that she needs to be reparented. Yes. Very much. 'cause she never had parents. She, she never had parents. I mean, she's been busted through the foster system or whatever. And, and, and, and now when you attempt to do that, she's resisting you. Right. Okay. Well, and so since she's been living with us, there's also this sense of entitlement because we are, you know, we've worked your baby, we've worked all the baby steps, you know, we're currently trying to pay off our house early. Who, who has a sense of entitlement? You or her? She, she has gotten more of a sense of entitlement.


She Feels like she's entitled to what? A lot of our stuff. And I don't know if that's because I've been trying to help her out and been giving, you know, her stuff. Like I'll pay for some clothes here and there or whatever. You, you don't really want me to tell you this, do you? I I, You know what, you know what the real problem is, don't you? I, I feel I Yeah. Yeah, I think I do. She shouldn't be living there. Yes, I I do. It's I am not, she has nowhere else to go. When Did she move in? Yes, she does. She Has she had a place to go before she came there. Yeah, that's What I'm trying to find out.


What was she doing before she, she moved in. So she was living with a sister at an apartment. She was paying very minimal rent. What was wrong with that? They moved and kicked her out because they wanted, she wanted to start a family so that, that is no longer an option for her to live with them. You know what, nor, you know what normal 20 year olds do? They get a roommate and four jobs, Or three roommates and two jobs. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And they don't have the option to move in with their boyfriend while his mother looks over their shoulder. Which is just really weird.


I know. It is. It's an uncomfortable situation. And I'm, we're trying to, I'm not sure you're doing her any favors. I'm trying to be gentle, but I don't think you're doing No, and that's, I think you're really helping her. I don't, I don't think you're helping her because you know, she's, she under, she's been playing survival for so long that she smells on you. That what she can get away with, which is anything. Yes. Yes. I agree. Listen, in any other scenario, if you took the foster care and the, the hard, you know, the fact that she lost her parents, if you kind of just remove that for a moment and just look at it for what it is.


She's 20 years old, she doesn't make much money. She's just getting started into adult land, then that's kind of how you have to take it. Take it at this moment. Otherwise, I do think that you're going to place too much into the emotional side of it. So, which is what you've done and Right. To Dave's point. Yeah. What would she do? She'd earn more money over time. She'd find an apartment with roommates. She'd be dating your son in a more normal environment, not her living there. Right. And I think that that's what it is. And I think that sooner that you cut this cord, the better it's gonna be for everybody long term. So if this was my daughter Denise runs our family foundation. Okay. And occasionally the, some of the local law enforcement folks will call us and there's a crisis with someone and my daughter will come around that person And.


we will help get them up, get them set up with some money, get 'em set up in an apartment, get 'em set up with their utilities, get 'em started. Right. But we always want to create a situation there for that person that is sustainable. That the math work, that the math works three months from now, once we get it started, not that it's constantly dependent back on us because that person is, it's not good for that person to be a hundred percent co dependent on a foundation for the rest of their life. We've gotta, we can help 'em get started. And then what we always do is we walk the person over to their local church and put some folks around them to mentor them and disciple them.


Okay. So if it's a young lady like this, we'd put some older ladies around her and say, this is how you're a woman, this is how you're a woman of confidence and of composure and strength. Right. And this is how you behave. And this is a spiritual walk and this is a proper emotional walk. And they talk them, they reparent them, disciple them, mentor them into more of a normal functioning person because they've come out of this horrible background and experience and that's their only hope to be a 40-year-old that functions right. From this 20-year-old point. And so we're trying to play long ball here and, but we don't have the complication of none of us are sleeping with her.


Right, right. Which is the other issue. Yeah, Absolutely. I just, yeah, I just, I, I don't, I just don't know where to look for the resources. Well I think if, I think if I were in your all's shoes, I would, I would set her up in an apartment and help her get started. If you wanna spend a few thousand dollars, you've got it, it sounds like. And get her, get her outta your son's bed, put her in an apartment, put her in, put get, help her, get some roommates, pay her first three months, pay her utilities, help her understand about getting some jobs. Walk her into the local church, get some women around her that are not her potential future mother-in-law. Right. Right. And then if their relationship survives, it has a chance of being somewhat of a good marriage.


Right. It's starting on such a toxic level with so many different interplays that it's not starting in a good place. It's not good for him or her because this is G 10 years from now, this weirdness is just gonna be more weirdness if y'all don't work on that. That's probably what Sharon and I would do if we found ourselves in your shoes. I don't think we would find ourself in your shoes. But if we did find that, that's what we would, that's what I would do if I woke up there suddenly. Ouch. You're a sweet person. You're trying to help. That's a good thing. Make sure you're really helping. this is The Ramsey Show


Here at Ramsey. We talk a lot about building wealth and a big part of protecting your wealth is insurance. Having the right insurance is key to taking care of the things and people that are most important to you. When you work with our Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pros and partners, you'll have the peace of mind knowing you're not paying for gimmicks, you're only paying for what you need. Get connected with a Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash coverage. Buying a house in this weird real estate market is weird. Selling a house in this weird real estate market is weird. If you wanna do it right, you really need a pro in your corner. Somebody that does a lot of transactions, not your Aunt Sally who got her license three weeks ago. Sorry Aunt Sally, you don't qualify to be a Ramsey endorsed local provider. That's Ramsey Trusted. We love you. We hope you do good in the real estate business, but we don't want you to sell a half a million dollar house for somebody we love and you've never sold a house. You need to be doing 30 to 50 to a hundred transactions, 200 transactions a year. And then you can become the possible, possibly become Ramsey Trusted. So if you wanna know who's Ramsey Trusted and is a high octane, high protein producer in your area, you can do that for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Teddy is in Traverse City, Michigan. Hi Teddy, how are you? I'm doing great, Dave. What a pleasure to speak to you today. You too man. What's up? Well, I've been in debt most of my whole life between cars and bought, my wife and I bought a house. I am self-employed. My wife is retired after 32 years. I make about $70,000 a year in salary. I have $1,400 a month in rental income from a home that we have purchased and paid off. My wife makes about $400 a week in a side hustle and she draws $1,500 a month from her 401k Last year. We got a HELOC loan for a home edition.


so I still owe about a hundred thousand dollars on that. I owe $20,000 on the mortgage on the house we're living in now that we put the addition on as well as $20,000 on a car. We've got about $1.1 million in retirement and of that 210,000 is liquid investments. So my question is, we've been working the debt snowball, but do I sell some of my investments and pay off this debt and just get it over with? Yep. Yep. How old are you? I'm 62 and my wife is 65. Yes. If you take, you said 1.2 And, we turn it into one one point and you're a hundred percent debt free. I'll take it.


I mean, you said you had, you had 210,000 that was liquid. I do. You could do it with, it's not tied up in retirement. That's liquid. Oh, it's no retirement at all. So you're not even gonna have taxes on it. Yeah, no. Well it may be maybe a little gain on it. It may have been sitting there gaining, but But it's not, might have a low capital gain. So it's not even gonna be a 200 hit. No, it's be a hundred, 150 hit, whatever. But either way you're a hundred percent debt free. Now that only works Teddy, if you stop borrowing money. Oh yeah, I'm sorry. America, I've been in, you know, borrowed cars, bought to buy cars. I know. I'm Real frugal. I'm real Frugal. No, you're not, you 66 with a stupid car payment.


Isn't that the true, You're a millionaire with a car payment. Yeah, you're correct. Don't do that. No sir. Alright brother. Hey. So by end, seriously, if you go pay all this off and then run up another debt, you're just gonna eat your nest egg up. I can't wait to come and stand on the stage. You've inspired me. I Love it, brother. I love it. You're a good man. Congratulations on being a millionaire. Good. Very cool. Very cool. Isn't it funny how hard it is to get the culture out of our veins? It's very, I mean it's, it's yapping at us around every corner. You know, E everywhere you live, every corner. The, that's why when someone's debt free house and everything we say, you're weird.


Yeah. Because it, you're, you are, you're weird. Just means unusual. It doesn't mean bad. Well the weird, what makes you weird is you've decided to become independent in a culture that teaches you to constantly be dependent. Ooh. That's what the weird is. Wow. Let it roll around in the brain for a while. That's strong. That's strong. Well done. All right, let's do it. Charlotte's in Cincinnati. Hey Charlotte, how are you? Hey, good afternoon Dave and Crew. Thank you so much for taking my call. I sure thoroughly enjoyed listening to your program. My question is my, just a tiny bit of my backstory is my husband passed away in 2012 and as a result of insurance money coming in, we were able to get debt free.


My daughter and I And, we have stayed debt free, thank God. And she just finished her freshman year in college. We have a cafeteria 5 29 plan projected. You Have a what? 5 29? It's what's called a cafeteria. 5 29 plan. Oh, A cafeteria. I didn't hear. I didn't hear the word. Okay, cafeteria. Okay, I got you. Yeah. Alright, good. Okay. That's a good plan. So, so yeah, so we've got our college paid for as far as that's concerned. But unfortunately the way that it's grown, there's a trajectory of being like an $80,000 surplus at the, at the end it's, and I found out that I could only put $35,000 in a Roth IRA in her name.


That's True. After she's 30. Okay. Yeah. so I, I'm a little bit concerned about like, can I take any of that overage? I mean, So how much is in the 5 29 total? There's probably right now 189,000. Okay. And how much did you put in and how much is growth? Well that's just it. Like it, I only, I think at the time I only put in like, I don't know, 85,000. Okay. So you got a hundred growth And It has just, you got a hundred growth. Yeah. And of that Eighty's gonna be, if he keeps growing, there's even gonna be more.


And so you'll have an 80 average, is that what we're saying? Yes. Is she getting any scholarships? 80. She's Okay. You know, you can pull that much out Of The equivalent of the scholarship can be pulled out each year. No tax. The equivalent to the scholarship. Okay. So she gets a $10,000 scholarship, pull $10,000 out. That's actually an incentive to get more scholarships. Yeah. Okay. Because I I guess my tax preparer, he doesn't know about that. Is there any place that you could direct me as to where I could find good solid information about this kind of stuff?


A different tax preparer. 'cause that's pretty standard information. I'm even good at taxes and I know it. So Yeah. You know if that's, if that's one of our LPs, I'm sorry, but if it's not, check one of our endorsed local providers for taxes in your area and get a second opinion on it. But you're allowed to pull the equivalent of scholarships out, athletic, academic, whatever the basis for the scholarship is every year and there's zero tax on it. So she gets a scholarship, pulled that much out. Do you know how much she got in scholarships? Like Last year? I mean it was, I don't know. It was around 10,000 I think. Yeah. Okay. All right. That's not gonna alleviate the problem completely because if it's times four it's only 40,000.


Right. And, and she's 80 over so you're gonna have another 40. And I really wouldn't screw around with the Roth IRA at age 30. I'd just go ahead and cash it out. It, you don't get, it's not a hundred percent taxed. You're just taxed and penalized on that amount of growth only. That's why I was asking you what you had in it. And so the calculation's not as severe as it sounds. So let's say you end up pulling 40,000 bucks out 'cause we just got rid of 40 with the scholarship idea. You know, you might have $5,000 in taxes. It's 10, it's 10%. Yeah. Is that the rate? Yeah. On the growth? Yeah.


Yeah. So I could in essence take that money out and use it, say like for home improvements And things like that. Use it for anything. If you pay the taxes on it and they'll be the taxes and the penalty. There's a tax and a penalty both, but it's maybe a 10 or a 15,000 out of that 40 you're gonna lose. But it's not a hundred percent. So they don't take the whole thing and, and rather than try to screw around with something for a 22-year-old, wait until they're 30 and these idiots in Washington changed the law six times between now and then. Yeah. No, I just cash it out. Take my kid probably take the penalty. Go on and go, Hey, we paid for college And. we had a little leftover. Good. Life's good. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, there you go. Hey, good question. Thanks for calling.


So you know, that's a very unusual problem. Yeah, it's a good, I think it's a good problem has, It's a problem of abundance. Yeah. I mean the only other thing is if they left it, I mean it can pat, like it could her as the beneficiary. She can pass it to her kids when the time, you know, when the time comes way out there. That's way out there. But yeah, Now we got 800 grand. Ah, that's true. Yeah. At that point, if you take the penalty it might hurt a little bit more. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think I'm gonna go ahead and just be done with it and just say, Hey we did a great job. We might have even done too good a job. That's true. But just so slightly. Just so slightly. You know when I hit a golf ball a little bit too long I just say I hit it too. Well that's all.


It's,


this is The Ramsey Show listen tickets for the live like no one else Cruiser selling fast. this is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Jade Wasaw Ramsey personality is our co-host today. I am Dave Ramsey, your host Aaron is with us in Lexington. Hi Aaron. What's up? Hi, thank you for taking my call. My husband and I are wanting information on how to gift a home to his sister. We had bought the house for his mom in 2002 and she has since passed and his sister moved in and helped take care of his mom when she had Alzheimer's. Hmm. So now we would like to be able to give her the house without too much tax implication.


You can do it with no taxes potentially. What, what's owed on it? Nothing. Okay. What'd you pay for it? We paid 120 for it. What's it worth? We haven't had it appraised, but Zillow says 2 26 to 2 63. Okay. And what's your all's net worth? A little over 2 million. Okay, Good. Alright, well basically you have a $20 million, it changes every year a little bit, but it's in that range federal tax exemption. So all of your assets up to $20 million can pass to anyone else at your death with no federal income tax or no federal estate tax.


Okay. Okay. So your estate is not taxable nor is it likely to be. Okay. That's important because you can gift using part of your estate tax exemption. Part of that $20 million exemption you can gift prior to your death using, using the unified, write this down. Unified estate tax Credit. Okay. Unified estate tax credit. And basically if you had, we'll use an example, if you had a $20 million exemption and you use up 250,000 of that, well now you have a $19,750,000 exemption.


You're using up some of your exemption before you die. Right. Okay. And It doesn't matter 'cause you're not gonna use it all. So it's okay. No, Great. Okay. That's good news. Now. So if you don't do that, you are gonna be liable for a gift tax of approximately 55% of the value of the house. Okay. So you're gonna get hit with over a hundred thousand bucks in taxes if you don't do that. So you need to go get an estate, an estate planning attorney, and or a tax attorney in your corner that can help you do this the right way because you need to write this up and, and you probably would, I probably would spring for an appraisal just to be super careful to prove to the IRS the value that you transferred under the unified estate.


But it's not gonna be even close. But even, even the same, I'd want some kind of documentation in the file as to the value Okay. In case you're ever audited. And then with your income tax return the following year after you do the gift or the year you do the gift, you do it in 20, in 24 when you file your 24 return, you'll have a statement with that that goes that, that you did this And It and then you've got the documentation in your file for the rest of your life. So if it ever comes up, but basically if you do that it should be zero tax. Okay, great. So, but you're, you're gonna pay a little bit to an attorney to make sure you're doing it right and it's worth every penny.


Perfect. Makes sense. Thank you so Much. Yep, it Does. Hey, thanks for the call. That's great. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. I'm trying to find on our little cheat sheet, it's 27.2 million this year. Wow. Is your, is your for a couple, that's for two people. Okay. And you can transfer not using that up to 18,000. That's the gift tax exemption. Yeah. Per individual. So another trick, jade, that we tell people all the time is if in this case it's not so, but like if you're out there listening and you want to give money to your grown kids who are married and you're married, so you could give each of the kids 18,000, that's 36.


Your spouse could give each of the kids 18,000. That's another 36. So in a calendar year, you know, you can transfer 72,000. Yeah. That's a lot with zero tax and not even touch the estate tax exemption. And so if, if you were dealing with, if you wanted to say for instance, put a a a note on this house for two 20 or two 10 at 72,000, you could be done in three years and never use up any of your estate tax exemption. How is there, is there any line between what can be considered an estate tax exemption or it can, whatever you choose. Anything you're gifting, you're avoiding gift tax by using this.


Yeah. Okay. But it, I'm saying it doesn't have to be something like a home or something. It could be Anything of value that you're afraid you're gonna get gift taxed. Yeah. I mean if you're leaving your, you know, your grandfather's pocket knife, you don't have to worry about it. Yeah. But you know, but I'm saying if you start talking about something that's north of 10 grand, you start to worry about whether the IRS is gonna look in, look in over your shoulder and try to hit you with a gift tax and you don't want to get hit with a gift tax. 'cause as I told you, it approaches 55% in most cases. So you want to stay away from that one. Dalton is with us. Dalton is in Nashville. Hi Dalton, how are you? Hey Dave, it's nice to talk to you again. I talked to you back in 2018.


Was I nice? Yes you were. You, you I believe you set me up for success. Good. Well you're back. So there's that. Yeah. That's a good sign. Well, or is it? Yeah, I have another load of questions. I'm 27 years old now and I got outta the army since then. I was an army when I called you last and I'm a federal agent with the government now. Wow. I just bought a house. Cool. And I'm in Tennessee. I'm moving south of Nashville. And I was wondering, I have a sum of savings that I've saved up thanks to you or largely to you. And then I'm looking at getting married in the next six months and fairly Yeah, Your life is good.


Fairly Large summer savings. Yeah, the Lord's been good to me. I'm, I'm really blessed. But I'm just, my question is, where do I put that summer savings and in that I have and in anticipation of getting married within the next six months and she has a sum of savings. Where do, where do we need to put that? Do we throw it on the house or how Much is it? It's not super significant. I have about 60 just liquid. Okay. And I have another 50 something and my TSP. Okay. And then she has around a hundred And. what does that, where's her 100? And?


It invests in a high yield savings account. Oh, Okay. How much she owe in the house. 400 grand. Okay. And you have any debt other than the house? No debt, Neither one of you? Neither of us. Excellent. And she owns a business, like a boutique type? Well, children's clothing business and she makes around 50 a year. But again, I'm not married to her yet. so I don't quite factor that in. Right. So the, okay, that's good to know. So the 60 k that's yours, are you calling that three to six months of expenses Or is That Separate from I It is part of it. Not, I would say part of that.


Yes. What part that is incorporated into that savings. What, Where does the three to six months. Okay. Where does the emergency fund end in the fund Money begin. So how much of It is Emergency i'd? Around 15 to 20. Okay. Will that work when you're married? I'd probably bump it up to 30. Okay. Okay. So we've got 30 k that's kind of disposable at this point, right? That 30 k that you're gonna, after you're married, that would be your emergency fund and you've got 160 to work with. She got 130 to throw at the mortgage. What about the wedding? She's pretty, she's more frugal than I am.


I'm pretty frugal. So we're looking at doing a very small wedding and I think her dad is willing to pay for most of It. Most of it. So maybe you guys spend just a couple thousand, Right. Okay. Right. And she doesn't want me to buy a huge ring either, so. So other than your planning for whatever your honeymoon is gonna be, I would probably, when the time comes after you guys get married, this a hundred thousand, it might be somebody that you wanna put towards the mortgage and start working on paying the mortgage off because you've got the three to six months of expenses. Whatever's left is gonna go to beef that up a little bit more and pay for the wedding. And that's what I would do if I were in your shoes. This is The Ramsey Show our scripture of the day.


Proverbs 28 19. Whoever works his land will have plenty of bread, but he who follows worthless pursuits will have plenty of poverty. Ann Landers said, opportunities are usually disguised as hard work so most people don't recognize them. John's with us. John is in Charleston, West Virginia. Hi John. how are you? I'm good Dave. how are You? Better than I deserve? How can we help? Well, I recently had a car totaled out and I. guess my question is, is how much should I be spending on a new vehicle or what would be reasonable to spend on a new vehicle?


And the reason I ask that is because I originally spent about $36,000 on this vehicle. Insurance is looking to pay out about 10,000 more than that. And that's about what it's looking like. I'd be able to purchase another one of those four. No, I'm sorry, your car went up in value I. guess so. I purchased it about three months ago and you're Gonna get a $46,000 check for a 30 A car you bought for 36 k. Yeah, Al Theor. I went and paid cash for it and yeah, I'm getting about, it's closer to 47,000. Wow. Wow. A check from insurance.


Congratulations. You hit the jackpot. Yeah, I got pretty lucky. I guess Lucky and unlucky. I, I don't, yeah, Car was everybody. Okay. But yeah, I was only me in the vehicle and the person that hit me ran off. so I have no idea if they were okay. But They totaled a car and ran off. Wow. Shees. Alright, so what vehicle do you want to get? What do you wanting to do? So The vehicle I had was a Toyota RAV4 Prime. It's a plugin hybrid vehicle. I loved it 'cause I could drive on electric range And. It would cost like $30 a month to drive like a thousand miles. So what do you want now?


I'd like to love to have the same thing, but I can't really justify spending $10,000 more for something that I bought three months ago for $10,000. Less. Less. So what would you get instead? I was looking at several different cars. Maybe there's a Jeep Plugin hybrid that's a bit closer to me and there's a little bit cheaper, but still more than what I spent on, on my original vehicle. And so you got, you have $10,000 more to spend than you had before. It sounds like you don't necessarily wanna spend that on replacing a vehicle. What would you spend the other $10,000 on? What's more important to you is what I'm trying to get at. Do you have debt that you're trying to pay off? Is there something else you wanna do with it?


No, I don't have any debt. Well, I, I have a mortgage that I got several years ago. I have like a 3% interest rate on it. What's your household income? I make about, it's just myself, but I make about $90,000 a year. Okay. I mean, if you don't wanna spend all of it on a new car, you don't have to. But for a lot of people, this is a moment to, to maybe upgrade if they want to. It, it just sounds like you kind of have your eye on what you want to spend and you wanna stick in that price range and that's fine. I don't think anybody's gonna convince you to spend more than you wanna spend. It's not a hard and fast rule, but a rule of thumb that we use all the time is don't own things with wheels or motors that equal total more than half your annual income.


So if you make 90, 47 is slightly above that. That's true. So that's true. So that's right on the bubble. 37 is not on the bubble. You can afford it, you're paying cash for it, you have no debt, you've been frugal. So anywhere in there is fine. I wouldn't go to 60 in this case. If I were in your shoes, I, I would probably say the insurance check is the most I would spend and anything less is certainly fine. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the call brother. Eugene's in Dallas. Hi Eugene, how are you? I'm doing good. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I, just have a questions and you know, like the best way to pay our student own currently married and we're making a little bit, but you know, we kind of confused on how to go about it.


How much are they? 117. How many is it, is it busted into lots of little loans? Yeah, it's like three of them. Only three? Yeah. Okay. Is it your only debt? I also have a car that I'm paying as well. Okay. So the best way to go about, is it just the car or do you have other debt other than the house? Just the car. Okay. Just the car and the house. Okay. And, what, what do you own in the car? 15 K. Okay. And what's the smallest student loan debt? It's 18. Okay. Thousand. So technically your car is first. If we're listing our debts smallest to largest to do a debt snowball.


Technically you do your car first, which in your case might be a great thing. 'cause what's the payment on the, the car. Car I'm paying to, to my host family. So essentially I pay $500, but I chose that amount because I wanted to get it done first. Okay, great. I can always decrease. Well, either way I wanted, Yeah. The point of me saying that is once the car's paid off, it's freeing up $500 to start throwing at these student loans. So are these federal student loans? They are, yes. Okay. So the good thing about a federal student loan right now is you can kind of take advantage of some of the IDRs that will allow you to temporarily have a lower minimum payment. So you can pay off this car quickly and then take all of that money and throw it at the smallest student loan debt, which in this case I think you said was 18,000.


But I want you to still check and see if that's busted up any smaller. 'cause sometimes they are by, even by semester when you took it. And when you do that, you satisfy the minimum payment and then whatever your extra payment, which is going to be as much as you can scrounge up, you can literally throw it at that smallest increment of the debt so that you can knock it out quickly. It all goes towards the principle. so I challenge you to take a look at that. 'cause they might be even smaller with smaller account numbers. What's Your household income? Got It. Got it. Currently between the two of us, it's 2 0 7. 2 0 7. Okay. And you have 117 and 16. I would challenge you to live on beans and rice.


Do nothing. Don't go on vacation. Don't go out to eat and be debt free in a year. Radical. 10, 10, $12,000 a month throwing at this. Okay. Like, like scorched earth man. Go hard. Yeah. Why not? You can live on a hundred thousand and knock this out or a little less. We can, we can definitely. But currently she, we don't live in the same state. So she lives in Alabama. As I said, she's in school. And, we have a house over there and like we have like about $82,000 equity on the house. So she's gonna move here soon. so I, you know, my thought was what soon take in the next few months, like in the next three to four months.


Okay. Let's get the house up for sale. Yes. so I wanted to like, you know, ask whether like it would be a good idea to put the equity on. Yes, Absolutely. Yes. Use everything you can get your hands on to clear this data. 'cause when you're a hundred percent debt free, then you can save like a maniac for your emergency fund and then save like a maniac for your next, for your down payment on your next house. But the great news is you're getting ready to be completely debt free fairly quick. And then you'll build that emergency fund at the speed of light like we were talking about, and then go ahead and start doing the house. You're gonna be in really good shape to do all that. Very good, good income. Yeah. With a $207,000 income. That's pretty impressive. You can go a lot of places with that.


Absolutely. Jade, there is a, all the years of teaching people to get out of debt so that they have their income freed up to bill wealth with Yeah. Which is what happens. this is how you become wealthy. We have learned that the faster you can get out of debt, the higher the chances are that you actually do to that you actually get out. Absolutely. I mean, you guys went forever. You're like seven years. Yeah. That's very unusual. That's That's rare. That's rare. It's very unusual. I mean, but, and most of the people we talk to running their total money makeover with gazelle intensity. No. Eating out, no vacations. Beans and rice. Rice and beans. They're debt free in 18 to 24 months.


Yeah. Most people, well, in his case, he's gonna be sell the house. He's gonna be there in just a few months. Yeah. That's lucky for him that he had that asset to sell. But there's that correlation between, I almost feel like it's a combination of you've gotta feel a level of uncomfortableness. Yeah. Your depth of sacrifice. Yeah. That allows you to go Faster. Increase increases the speed and the increased speed increases the probability of ever doing it. That's Right. But that uncomfortability factor is a big part of it. It's a big one. It's a big one. Yeah. That, that ouchie, that period of time where you go through hell. Yeah. But just as the country song says, just keep on going. Well, Yeah, you put yourself in the hot pot and that way you're like, Hey, I gotta get out of this pot. Like that's Yeah. I'm not gonna stick around here. Yeah.


Life is not fun like this. Yeah, it's not. I want to be free. Yes. That puts the sour of The, Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace, and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace, Christ Jesus,


Dr. John Delony here. Mental and emotional health challenges, broken relationships. It's all just part of life, but they don't have to define you. The Dr, John Delony Show is here to help. It's a caller driven podcast where you can get practical advice on dealing with anxiety, loneliness, depression, relationship challenges, your kids and so much more. Listen to questions from our callers, or if you're walking through a tough situation and need some help, give me a call. You are never meant to do life alone. And that's what this podcast is all about. Follow along on Apple, Spotify, YouTube, or the Ramsey Network app. Remember your worth being well.