
Hey guys, Dave Ramsey here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships Tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz RAMSEY, personality number one, bestselling author, many times over. Host of the Rachel Cruz show and co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour on the RAMSEY Networks. And my daughter, she's my cohost today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. Tim is with us. Tim is in Minneapolis. Hi Tim. Welcome to The Ramsey Show.


Hey, how's it going, Dave? Thanks for having me guys. Sure. What's up? Yeah, so, you know, long time listener, I hear you guys talk a lot about how housing prices aren't coming down, you know, due to supply and demand, but with boomers owning, you know, almost 40% of houses in America, is that something we should expect, you know, in the next 10 to 15 years, just based on life expectancy? Well, I'm a boomer. I'm 64. My life expectancy, having made it to 64 is 90. Statistically, is it Really? Yeah. Statistically you're gonna be around For a while, Dave. Yeah, the average. The average, I mean, if you make it to 60, you know, so the average male death in America right now is 76. Average female death is 78, but that includes infant mortality, teenage death, and so on.


So when you have a healthy boomer, make it in. So the gradient is not 10 to 15 years, the gradient is 20 to 30 years. Got it. Okay. To Which, to which point the answer is, is the absorption rate will, won't not even notice it, you won't even know it happened because the, the inventory shortage is far superior to that gradient. Okay. That make sense? Yeah, no, that's, that Makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Literally I'm 64 and so over the next 30 years, the boomers will die off. Roughly. Yeah. Not over the next 10 years. If they were all to die in the next five years, then your question would say, okay, there's gonna be a rush of supply into the market.


Yes. And he could cause prices to adjust. Right, right. And that would, that's what His question really had under it. Right. And if there was an effect or something happened and they all went within 12 months, you know what I mean? Like it's enough of a spread. Yeah. That it's gonna be so gradual If we get the boomer virus. I Don't know. That's why I'm like, I don't know what if it could Happen. It could happen. It's something that takes out all the old people, so Yeah. I mean, we would Miss y'all. Yeah. It's kinda like you're like, you think we'll miss you all, We would miss you. That sounded not sincere. I don't know. It is. Oh, I love it. Michelle's in Dallas. Hey Michelle, what's up? Hi. Thank you so much for taking my call.


Sure. How can we help? Yeah, so I have an employer that offers a student loan forgiveness, and I am debating whether or not when I go back to nursing school to pay it cash to not add on to the debt that I already have. Or should I go ahead and take out the loans, be better financially stable during nursing school, and then apply for the loan forgiveness after I graduate? Never take out debt. Okay. Period. Because you're assuming one possible track in this scenario that everything works exactly like your little plan you just laid out and a hundred percent of the time things don't work like you plan.


Gotcha. Something different will happen. And here's the other thing. If, if they will give you student loan forgiveness and they won't give you education funding equivalent to that, I'm gonna find a hospital that will, because there's a shortage of nurses and someone will write you that check. If that group won't, somebody else will. Hmm. What? Okay, liketu like, like tuition reimbursement. Yeah, exactly. Got you, got you. Okay. Because They're already coming out of pocket for student debt. What's the difference in that in tuition reimbursement? None. Gotcha. That makes sense. Okay. And if they won't do that, talk to somebody across the street that's a different hospital or a different medical group and they will, because I gotta tell you, I'm, I'm thrilled for you.


You are picking out, probably assuming you love it and you're engaged, which I guess you are. One of what I think is one of the best careers in America is nursing. Thank you. Because I've been doing this 35 years and the entire 35 years I've sat in this chair, there's been a nursing shortage. So you could always pick and choose, get whatever you want. You could work as many hours as you want. You could work 72 straight. You could do all, you can pick up travel nursing. Yeah. You do do travel nursing. You could pick up er on the weekends at Triple time. I mean, you can make bank and control your life, how much you work in this field, like no other I know of.


It's in, it's, it's almost the equivalent of being self-employed except self-employed is harder. You know, I just, I'm thrilled for you. If you love nursing, you're in the right place. And don't, don't shortchange yourself as to what somebody will pay to get you out there. You are a commodity baby. You, you can, you can demand a price. Gotcha. Okay. That sounds, That's cool. Very fun stuff. I love that. I mean, some of the best stories we've had, you know, back during Covid, the travel nursing stuff, the people that were still working and, and they were pay, they were paying people. Like we had one lady, I think she got half million dollars in a year. That's crazy. And she Paid off like $300,000 in student loan.


I remember. Yeah. And in that same vein, you know, that there's, there's a lot of different tracks and a lot of different career paths, companies, associations, all different things that are going that, that take this route of we will pay your student loans if you come work for us, or we'll pay your tuition if you come work for us. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And so that guaranteed time though, still a good idea to have someone else pay your tuition, even if you are, you know, stuck in a sector or stuck in a, in a specific company, Depends on how long you're stuck in it and What would be your, your, How long are you stuck in it and what's the price that you're stuck in it at? I mean Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, you know, so if if you're being underpaid versus the market substantially, you would've been better off to pay your own tuition and not be stuck there.


Right. More than like a year or Something. Yeah, yeah. You know, or if there's no advancement because of the thing, because you're stuck, you know, in that sense, you're getting a, you're getting a good rate today, but it's not, it's not gonna be a good rate three years from now because, you know, entry level on, that's got a curve to it. Right, right, right. And you're gonna be stuck then. So, but, and, or it's a five year deal, but if it's a two year deal and the, and your competitive salary position or competitive income position, then you ought to do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 'cause there's some great tracks out there. And then we've also heard on the flip side, Be careful, be careful there's A hook in there. Things that I don't Yeah, there's hook in there just to make sure that it is, it's a, it's a clear obvious way in that it's for a shorter amount of time, not a longer, You know, and it's gotten a little bit quieter.


And I, we need to probably ask Ken Coleman about this. 'cause I've not checked the research and he probably has. But if you remember during the great resignation, a whole bunch of people quit their jobs like 24 months after Covid because they realized someday they're gonna die and they wanted to live life. Right. And so the, this existential crisis hits America. And we had this, the largest resignation in a 24 period month period of time nationwide that we've ever seen people voluntarily quitting and, and during that time to attract people, people like Target. Yes. Paying at $20 an hour, we're paying, we're paying tuition. And I wonder if that's still going on. I haven't, I haven't checked the, I haven't ca kept up with that. Yeah. We need to ask Coleman about that and get that back on, on the air because I mean, FedEx and Target and Walmart and UPS At $20 an hour to go in there and stock shelves and they pay your tuition.


That's crazy. That, that, and that was a great deal then if it's still there, it's still a great deal. And that falls in that same bucket of discussion. Yes. 'cause we're seeing a lot of that, that kind of creativity from employers to attract people. So, Good stuff. This is The Ramsey Show. All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. So why, why is that? Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing.


Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking, and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric. Yes.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. You know, that's why we're partnering with them because they're, they're, they've got a scope to be able to handle the RAMSEY audience, and they're the right kind of people with the right kind of values. And they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. So again, you guys, I know it can be a pain to switch banks or to open up new accounts, but Fairwinds again, they make it so easy. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app, and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you Guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.


Nancy's in Las Vegas. Hi Nancy, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. And thank you for taking my call and it's such a pleasure to speak with you. Well, You too. How can we help? Well, I recently won at 200,000 a little over on a game show. Wow. And that's, and I'm 70 years old. That's more money than ever. Can you Tell us which game show are you allowed to? The, the game show was called Snake Oil with David Spade. It was just on for one season. Oh my gosh. Well, very fun. Yes. Now, so have you, have you gotten hit with the game show tax yet?


Yes, I have. And that was approximately 55,000. Yep. It was California taxes and it's pretty expensive. Okay. So that's your 200 is left over after that? Or you have 1 45 left? I have 1 45 left of that. Okay. All Right. Yes. Way to go, Nancy. I Know. That's awesome. So what are you gonna do with your 150,000 bucks? So, Dave, that's what I want to know. I'm not sure what to do. I'm 70 years old and basically retired, or we're retired.


My husband and I, and I work very part-time and so does my husband. 'cause we're still able to, and we fill up to it. And right now, I, I have the money, I have actually a little over 200,000 in a money market, which is about a pretty good interest rate, 5.5. So I, and then we recently downsized and I owe about 85,000 still on our house. And I'm not sure if we should pay the house up. I I, you know, I love keeping Just 200 your entire Yes.


Besides the equity in our house. Right. But you don't have any other 401k retirement? No. No. Okay. Do you have pensions? Do you have pensions coming in? We just have social security and between two of us, that's about 4,500. What's it take you to live a month? Gosh, I don't, I don't actually know. That's terrible. I don't know exactly. Are you living on the social security or Social security plus your income? Yes. Well, we both work part-time too. I, I make very, a little money working a part-time job. If I'm lucky, I make 600 a month. It's just kind of a fun thing I do.


And then my husband makes a couple thousand extra working part-time besides our social security. And of course we're not going to be able to do that for, you know, ever seems as though we're in our seventies. How much is your mortgage a month, Nancy? It's about 7 56 a month. Okay. Or it's seven. It's 7 56 a month. Yep. Yep. So the, the answer, the answer to your question is, I'm not sure what you should do, but we can talk it through together. Okay. If you had 600,000, I would tell you instantaneously write a check and pay off your house today.


Right. If you had, if you had 100,000, I would tell you not to pay off your house because you would be starved. Right. And You're kind of in the middle. I Know it scares me that we're getting ready to use half of your money to pay off your house, but it also scares me that you go into your eighties with a pay with a mortgage. That's right. That's Right. So those two, those two things are competing here because we've only got 200,000 to work with. So, you know. Right. I guess I would say if you do some other things, and I'll give you those things, I would pay off the house. Okay. The other things are, I would set up an automatic draft into a mutual fund, possibly a Roth retirement account with Okay.


With a smart vest pro to the tune, if you pay off the house, you don't have a 7 56 payment anymore. Right. So I'm gonna make it at least a thousand, maybe 1500 Okay. Every month going into retirement. Okay. Okay. And we can rebuild the 85,000 in just a couple of years doing that. Okay. Because That's 18 8, 1500 is 18,000. Right. Plus a year plus growth. Right. So two years would be 36, 4 years would be 72. So it's gonna take you about three years to get your 85,000 back if you do 1500 a month. Okay. So if you all are willing to get on a detailed budget and sit down with a Smart Vista Pro and open a good mutual fund Okay.


And move some of that other a hundred and something that's left into that mutual fund too, so that it's growing, I want it growing more than 5%. Now, I do want you to keep about 30,000 as your emergency fund in a, in the high yield savings of the money market. Okay. But the other 70 or so, after you pay off the house, 80 or so, you should move that as well into a mutual fund. Okay. Now let's talk that through for a second and I'll show you why I am doing that. Okay. Okay. Okay. If the mutual, the, the, the stock market since it began has averaged meaning some years, not some years more. Right. Has averaged 11.8.


If it didn't do that well and it only made 10, the money, that lump sum that you've got, that you're gonna put in there will double every seven years. And so let's not counting what we're adding to it monthly, but just taking that 75,000 that or, so I'm gonna call it 75 for math. At 77 it'll be one 50, not, not counting what you add to it at 84, it'll be 300 not counting what you add to it. Okay. And that's if you continue to live, have your lifestyle be at social security plus part-time jobs or less, or you're not tapping into this money.


Okay. Okay. So you'd have 300,000 in a paid four house plus what you're adding to it, probably at close to a half million dollars when you're at, in your mid eighties. Wow. Well that's, that sounds pretty good. Mean and a paid four house, that, that all sounds good, but you gotta follow through. But You're in your mid eighties too. I mean that's, I mean that, that's I mean, mid Eighties. I know, I know. I mean, I'm a really young 70, but Yeah. Mid eighties, that's a ways away. Well, I can tell you just want a game show with David Spade that's not an old 70. Okay. That's not an old 70 right there. So you're awesome. I love you. So yeah, I, I would pay it off, but only if you guys agree to, number one, get on a tight budget and detail out where, where every dollar's going.


So that number two, I can put 1500 a month away. Okay. Okay. And sit down with a smart ster pro, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and If that's too much, if 1500, if they can't swing it, I still would. I I They can swing it. Yeah. She's got, she's got 6,000, 7,000 a month coming in and she doesn't know where it's all going other than it's getting spent. And so, I mean, he's making a little money. She's making a little money and they got 4,500 Social security. Yep. So they can swing that. I don't know how long they can swing it, but they could do it for three years. They get the money back from the 85. Yep. Yep. That's, that gives me comfort. That's the goal. That's the goal goal That gives me comfort Three months, those three years. Yeah. Otherwise we leave them sitting there with almost no money or too, too small on this dig and a, and a paid four house.


'cause what we have run into over the years, folks, is somebody gets to retirement and they have a paid four house and no money. They end up digging up the bushes and trying to eat 'em. 'cause there's no money to eat with. Right. I mean, you gotta use some problem here. So you gotta have some cash in addition to the paid four house. We want your debt free, but you gotta have some, some cash, some Not sacrifice and not easy some Investments. Yeah. Right. Not just cash, but some investments that are outside of your home. Yep. But having a paid for home going into retirement is, it adds it, it creates a sustainability way beyond somebody has debt going into retirement. Yes. Well, and considering the mortgage is usually the, the highest line item for people of what they're paying every single month.


And that's money. I mean, 800 bucks is pretty good. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. There's a lot of mortgages, a lot more than that. Oh, definitely. Definitely. So being able to pocket that every single month and being able to use that to live off of versus having to pay the mortgage. I mean, that's where the math, that's where it gets crazy. Yeah. And you know what the other thing gave me comfort and I didn't realize it till you're saying that they've already downsized. She downsized to get to That. I did say that's right. That's right. Yes. And so these people are already noticing where they are. Yeah. They're not, they're not struggling with reality to Yes. Yes. And so that gives me comfort too, because they're reality based people and Their decision making is wise. Yeah. Is Clear. Yeah. Yeah. It's real clear and long before they got to this phone call.


So that, that, that gives me Snake oil. David Spade, Snake Oil. 200 grand Man. I thought she was gonna say prices right or Something. Got 200 grand from Snake Oil. I didn't. She did. This is The Ramsey Show.


If you need health insurance for yourself or your family, you might be lost in a maze of confusing terms, overwhelming options and questions about networks. Not to mention high costs and bad service from insurance companies that don't care about what you want. Common concerns like those are why I'm proud to recommend Health Trust Financial. They've been working with RAMSEY for over 20 years and they're the only RAMSEY trusted health insurance broker. HealthTrust Financial takes an unbiased approach to finding you the best health insurance for your situation. They listen to your needs and because they work for you, not the insurance companies, their service is free with no obligations and no pressure. Here's the best part. Health Trust financial customers typically save an average of $500 a month. Health Trust Financial is your one stop shop for unbiased advice about health insurance options to make sure you don't overpay. So get out of the maze by going to health trust financial.com today. Health trust financial.com.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY, personality number one bestselling author. My daughter's my co-host on the debt-free stage in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions. Steve and Nina are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Great. How about you? Better than I deserve. Where do you guys live? Dan Danbury, Connecticut. Danbury, Connecticut. Danbury. Connecticut. Bit of a halt to Tennessee. Worth the trip. Beautiful. Yes. And a minor culture shock too. We like it. Very cool. Very cool. Welcome. We're glad to have you. So how much debt did you pay off? $141,908. Oh My gosh. Wow. How long did this take? 37 months. Good for you. Dang. And your range of income during that Time?


One 15 to approximately 180. Whoa. It's A jump. And what kind of debt was the 1 42? Our House. Our house. Oh, Congratulations. You leaned in on this house, these numbers. This is, you've been on rice and beans doing the house. Yes. Yes. Baby. Step two in it just fell right. You just junk it Out. You didn't let off the gas, you just went on through. Yep. Yes. The only thing is our daughter loves beans too much now, So we can't Good nutrients, you know, for the little ones. Oh my Gosh. We'll eat, we'll eat tacos and tuna fish the rest of our life. Yeah. Were y'all both on agreement for being intense? Because we usually are like, oh, Ashley, y'all both are, you're both like, we're gonna just who want, who wanted it the most though?


Like, who's the one that I think Yeah. Okay. I I was like, okay, I like it. Yeah, good to know. But Towards the end we slowed down a little bit. Enjoyed life a little bit more. So, But hey, I mean, golly, Not with this math. You didn't No. I mean, you, you've, this is pretty serious. I mean, 37 months you're making a, okay, so th it is, you know, $40,000 a year. Yep. Yep. That you're paying off out of a 180 or one 15. Yeah. That's leaning in. I mean, you're serious. In addition to normal living in addition to regular payments. Yep. Yep. Yeah, well done you guys. How old are you? Two 30. 30. Wow. Oh my gosh. So what is a house like this in Danbury Connecticut cell for About four 50. Woo hoo. It's, and you're 30 years old.


Oh, pretty. I love it. Oh, it's so pretty. And how much in your, how much in your retirement nest egg? Already Around 220,000 in 401k. Yeah. And then, you know, around maybe 35,000 in, in cars and, you know, a few 10, you know, $10,000 in various other assets. Yeah. You're measuring towards the net worth. Yeah. He's like, we're getting there. We're getting there. He's reaching for it. He's reaching for it. You're gonna be there. Easy by the slam dunk by 35 though. You'll be millionaires for sure. Looking forward to it. Wow. I'm so proud of y'all. Thank you. Well done. So what in the world you weirdos, what made you do this? Well, it basically all started, I was always into reselling on eBay and, you know, various things. And my friend gave me a giant box of books and I was looking through 'em and the total money makeover happened to be in there, your book, and looked interesting.


So I decided to give it a read. And the rest was history. You know, we, we had a little bit of debt at the time, you know, we were new couple, you know, just trying to start life and, you know, it was just a great, you know, just way to just, you know, be free and, you know, high up financial peace through all of life's challenges. Yeah. So, so basically we started out RAMSEY ish about five years ago. We started paying off our consumer debt, but then we kept a credit card and we still, we weren't budgeting at the time, but that all changed about three, three years ago when I quit my job. So I was in a really toxic work environment.


I had a really rough boss and it was really impacting my health. So I was trying to look for other jobs and it just wasn't happening quick enough. And I had a panic attack and I said, you know what, we have an emergency fund, that's it. And I'm gonna create an emergency. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. But a few weeks later, I got another job and it was about a $30,000 pay cut. So at that point we knew we needed to get dialed in, we needed to start budgeting. I cut up the credit card and we were just intentional throughout that time. And then we got pregnant with our Cecilia, which will meet shortly. And she was in the NICU for a few weeks. She was five early. Wow. Yeah. She was five weeks early.


But thank thanks to God and, and our family and friends and the fact that we had financial stability. We, you know, we were able to get through it and yeah. And then ever since then we, on our parental leaves, we actually both got better jobs and better paying jobs. And that's why you see that, that big jump. And I actually ended up going back to the company that I originally left, 'cause that that manager was gone. So it's, it's, yeah, it's what a furl what a Full circle moment, right? Yes, absolutely. Like the kind of person you were when you left. Absolutely. From like, health, financial, all of it. Yes. And then when you like walk back in, you're like, I am just a different person. That's amazing. Yes, yes. So great. Oh my goodness. Well, thanks to you, You guys. Goodness. This is, this has been incredible. Yeah. Thank you. Really. Oh, Well you guys did it. I mean, absolutely amazing.


Okay, so what was the hardest part? Because I always find it fascinating when families, like they have babies in the middle of doing the baby steps, right? Because it's a lot, it's a lot of life that you live in that time. But what was, what was the hardest, Would you say? I think patience. Yeah. Being patient. Yeah. And, you know, finding community and Yeah. Like-minded people. Hard to come by where we were from. So Yeah. A little bit. A little bit. And you, so You got called crazy a lot. Oh yeah. A Lot. Definitely a Lot. But we embraced it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. If your broke friends are making fun of your financial plan, you're right on track. Yeah. Yes. Yes. And that's always hard too because you, you're like, this is amazing. You want everyone to do it, but you know. Nope. They have to fi Yeah. They have to figure it out themselves. So hopefully this will, they need To get a free book that was given to 'em in a box of books that you're getting ready to resell.


Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. You got a bargain. That's awesome. I think the ROI on that's infinite. Yes. Absolutely. That's pretty incredible. Wow. Dude, this is so awesome. I'm so proud of y'all. You're gonna be so freaking wealthy. Thank you. And that's good 'cause Steve's kind of money motivated Yeah. A little Yeah. Way. He's kind of had his eye on a way. He's got the, he's got the nerd money maker thing going. Yeah, yeah. The rainmaker thing. He's, yeah. Very good you guys. Very cool man. Y'all are something. So now that you don't have single debt in the world, it's crazy. And you're making almost 200,000 a year in you, 30 years old. What are you gonna do? What? How are you gonna celebrate? We need a new roof.


Yep. We need new, I said, how are you gonna celebrate? We need a new roof. Okay. So that's what we're, that's how we're Woo-hoo. We're get up on the roof. Yeah. All Right. Party on the roof, baby. All Right. And you need a new car? Yes. That's You driving? What, what are you driving? Well, right now Nina has a small Subaru Impreza. So we're hoping to get a bigger family car like 2016. He has a 2017 Silverado. Okay. So you're driving 10-year-old cars and, and, and so it's time to upgrade mom with a little better car with the baby. Yeah. And you can do that in like two months. I mean, it's not, not a big deal, right? Yeah. I mean, you got no freaking payments. Yeah. Thank God. When you start to feel the muscle that you now have that you've never had before in your life, it's gonna blow your mind how quick you can do stuff.


Yes. It's, it is crazy. So way to go y'all way For sure. You know? How's it feel? It feels good. Yeah. Feels really good. Weightless feels free. Yeah. I mean, it's nice to have options and just, you know, be able to take control of your life. Right. And, and do what you, you need to do what you wanna do. So. Yeah. And I mean, we have only had a couple months and we had a big tax bill due. Yep. You're Like, taxes connect. Yeah. We're like, All Right. So we haven't felt it a hundred percent yet, but it's coming. It's coming. Oh, for sure. For sure. Yeah. Wow. Good for you guys. What do you tell people the secret is to getting out of debt? Definitely budgeting. Yep. Being consistent. Yeah. Being co in EveryDollar every day, having budgeting meetings and just don't make excuses, you know?


Yeah. You can definitely do it. And you just gotta, you know, plan and, and talk to your spouse and communicate. And that's kind of the key. And that's really impacted our marriage too. For sure. No more money fights. We're both on the same page. And also I think just because it's a no right now doesn't mean it is a never. It's good. I think that's been really, and even with job stuff with life, I think that really carries through. Yeah. Yes. Everything, which is a long-term mindset, which is so hard for people. 'cause they don't want the present pain, right? Yeah, exactly. So looking forward. Okay, so how old's Cecilia now? She's almost two is Okay. Yes. Oh, did you bring her with you? Yeah, she's here. Bring her up. Is she gonna help? Is she gonna help you do the scream? Yeah. She's been Jack. Thanks. Well bring her up here. Let's introduce her. I wanna see this beautiful child.


Wow. That's wonderful. Very cool you guys. This child has no idea how big a hero her mom and dad are. They've completely changed their family tree. Everybody look in the camera. If you've got YouTube going, you can see what heroes look like. This is pretty stinking cool. I'm so proud of you guys. Well done, well done. Steve and Nina and Little Cecille Danbury, Connecticut. Wow. 142 paid off in 37 months, making one 15 to 180 house and everything. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1.


I love it. Woo hoo. So good. That Is awesome. Sweet Girl. Oh my gosh. So good.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage. Just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2.


If you run a business or you know somebody that does, you know the truth. The truth is it's hard. It's really hard when you're self-employed, you typically have a jerk for a boss. They work you to death. It's you, they'll work you into the ground, man. And I know I've been doing it my whole life and I've been coaching with 10,000 small businesses over the last several decades through entree leadership. And we figured out that there is a clear path through five stages of business. And the six things that drive you through those five stages that makes up what we call the Entree Leadership system, which is basically the baby steps for running and growing your small business. If you know someone that's doing that, the brand new book that we have out Build a Business, you love my brand new book, it will come out April 15th is on presale right now. You can get it for 29 99 and get over $350 in free bonus items. Tens of thousands of you have already bought it on pre-order. Thank you for the support, thank you for the trust, and I promise you it's good. I promise you it's worth reading and it's definitely worth a lot more than 29.99 information there should make you millions of dollars. So pre-order today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, or click the link in the description and you're on your way.


Jackie's with us. Jackie's in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hi Jackie, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So my question is, I am going blind and I wanted to get some advice on what my husband and I can do financially to set us up for success for the day, which I'm unable to work. I'm so sorry, Jackie. Wow. When did you get this diagnosis? Thank you. So I got the diagnosis in 2023, but I, I have a progressive retina disease, so I'm just, my retina cells are dying over time. And from the outside in my vision is decreasing.


So it's been going on for a long time, but I finally, you know, went to the eye doctor, got the diagnosis in 2023. So, Wow. What, how long are they saying until you're legally blind? Did they give you a timeframe? 10 to 15 years at, yeah, so it's 10 to 15 years at this point. Okay. It could be more, it could be less. It just depends. Okay. Ugh, So sorry. Well, are, are, are you working today? Yes, I am. Okay. What do you earn today? So between myself and my husband, we bring in 130 pretax. Okay. And how much debt do you have? Not counting your home. We have 19,000 on a car and $650 on a KY little medical debt that can go anytime, but, Okay.


So 20 grand makes your debt free and you make one 30. Okay. Do you guys have any money saved? Currently about 6,000. Okay. We actually just moved into a super cheap rental. This is like a godsend for us. So we're actually able to save more now than we ever have been. So that's actually why I'm calling because it's the perfect time for us to figure this out. Mm. Okay. The emotion and the, I guess fear is the word that would, that I would feel if I were in your shoes, would maybe make me reach and try to change some kind of thing and try to accelerate it and, and you know, try to get into high gear or something, so to speak, which is kind of why you're calling I think.


So completely identify with that. If it was me, I've never been in that situation, but I can only guess how I would react. It would, it would put me into high gear, you know, we gotta get something, we gotta get moving here and Absolutely. Yeah. So here's some interesting numbers for you. Okay. That run through my head. We did about four years ago, RAMSEY Research did the largest study of millionaires ever done in North America. Okay? When they, the people reached millionaire status, the vast majority of them, 89% of them became millionaires not using inherited money. They did it themselves.


Nine out of 10 millionaires in America are self-made millionaires. Okay. The, the, that's good information. The second piece of information is it took on average 17 years. Lots of them did it in 12. Interesting number for you. Okay? And what they did was they poured money and, and cleared their debts, and then they started putting money aside into retirement, and then they paid off their home. And so when they got to the millionaire status, they're sitting with a six or an $800,000, 900,000 paid for home, and they're looking at six or eight or $900,000 in their 401k.


And they did that in 10 to 17 years, you know, is the range, right? So, like I was saying, a lot of 'em did it in 12, some of 'em were longer than 17, but one third of them had an income under 100,000. So you're ahead on that and your timeframe does that. And so if I step aside from the emo emotion, which is my reason for bringing it up, and I said I'm going to work the baby steps millionaire's system, that's your best, your family's best shot at being prepared for this And starting kind of from scratch, from the home side, the renting still. Yeah. So that's gonna be the, the, the next Big amount of amount, and I'm gonna get rid of this car payment.


Yeah. We're getting rid of the consumer debt, we're Getting rid for of consumer debt in 20 seconds. And then we're gonna build an emergency fund, then we're gonna save a down payment for a a, a modest home, and we're gonna put it on a 15 year fixed rate. And then we're gonna start putting 15% of our income into retirement and we're gonna throw everything else at the house and get it paid off. You're gonna see raises and increases during that decade that that all occurs. And, and, and, and then when the house is paid off, you load up all your retirement and other miscellaneous investments. You may wanna have some outside of retirement, some mutual funds outside of retirement because you may need access to that money if, if, you know, your site were to leave before 59 and a half.


And so, but honestly, working the standard system we have is the fastest way I know how to get you guys ready. And then, and I gave y'all, I gave y'all the background as to why just now. Okay. Yeah. Jackie, do y'all have kids? We do not. Okay. Okay. How old are you? 31. Hmm. Okay. And so 15 years puts you at 45, 46. Yeah. All Right. Right. So yeah, you, okay? There's a term you can remember this too. It's a, it's a nuanced issue, but you'll discover it later when you meet with a smart investor pro.


I'm gonna give you three or four things to do to go do what I just told you how to do, okay? Now, and I'm gonna, we're gonna load you up with gifts in just a minute, All Right? So it's called, the term is bridge investing to have some money in a good mutual fund, a pile of money to fund your family's once or needs between 45 and 59 because you can't access your Roth IRAs and 4 0 1 Ks until 59. Okay? Right. So you have, you have some non-retirement investing in your mix and that might be something that is a little different for you all than I would normally do because I, I'm giving you 15 years out there of site, 12 to 15 years.


And then things are gonna get rou rowdy and we need, you know, I need a half million dollars laying over there of my, of my million and a half laying over there that I can get to not, 'cause you're gonna use it all at once, but because you might need the income off of it and you can't even access that if it's in a Roth until 59, okay? Right. Bridge investing. Alright, so here's the thing, okay, we're gonna send you the full enchilada, All Right? We're gonna give you Financial Peace University, we're gonna give you EveryDollar premium, which is the budgeting app. You and your husband go through all of those lessons immediately and then tear into this budget, tear into this debt, work these baby steps, get the debt debt paid off, get the emergency fund saved, get the down payment saved for the house work, baby steps 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.


Exactly like we teach with great intensity. And you have every reason to do that. And then I'm gonna send you the book Total Money Makeover. That ha is the baby steps on steroids. It shows you exactly how to do all this also. And I'm gonna send you the book with a study of millionaires in it, in the back of it, the white papers in the back of it. It's called Baby Steps Millionaires. So I'm gonna give you every bit of that. And then the second piece is I want you to go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Smart Investor Pro and find one in your area that has the heart of a teacher. Meet with them and tell them your story so they can help you begin to plan the investing when you get to that stage.


Hang on, we'll get you set up with every bit of that. And we'll walk with you, kiddo. You're not by yourself, we're we're scared with you and we're also excited about how wonderful your future's gonna be. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that you love, and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author many times over. And of course my daughter. She's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Josh is in Phoenix. Hey Josh, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Josh, Thank you for having me on. Yep. Sorry. Absolutely. What's up man? Hey, not much. Got a quick question for you guys and try to be brief.


Me and my wife, we just moved out to Phoenix, Arizona about a year and a half ago for my job as we moved, she was job hunting and you know, she sees, she follows a lot of social media, some influencers and she's like, man, I can do this. So she was kind of doing that on the side kind of fun, creative thing for her to do while she was job hunting. And a year and a half later she's kind of blown up all over social media. I mean we're about, she's about to hit a million subscribers a little over on some tiktoks and Instagram and we're starting to get some pretty big brand sponsorship, some ad revenue, you know, just stuff like that that's reaching out to us. People asking about doing a podcast with her.


We haven't said yes to any of this. We don't know how it's really gonna affect our family's life. I know you guys kind of handle this. We don't know if it's like, oh, is this something that's gonna work out well for us? Do we pursue this? And it's a lot of of money that some of these brands are thrown at us or People that wants to sponsor. What's a lot of money? How much money Podcasts, people asking podcasts? No, I'm talking about how much money. Gimme a dollar figure you're talking about huge. We've had a Podcast reached Go Ahead. We haven't, we haven't cashed in anything yet. We're just kind of on standby. 'cause we don't know how it's gonna affect our family. If we want, our family lives on social media, we're starting to have kids, but we've had podcast people reach out and say, Hey, lets do an episode, 75,000 we've had ad revenue.


Say, Hey, make a video with our product in it will give you 10 grand or 15 grand. And that's for a 32nd video on TikTok. And she can, That that number is real. The other one's bull crap. Okay. Nobody's paying you 75,000 an episode for a podcast that hadn't launched. That's what we don't know. Yeah, we don't, well no, no. People who have a podcast want her to come on the, And they're gonna pay her 75,000 for being a guest. That's what people are throwing at us. That's like The highest Wait a minute. Like the actual podcaster or some go agent. Like some Go agent. Yeah. So we don't know what's real. I'm calling bs. Okay, Maybe on that, but on social it is very common for that size of an audience To get paid and the ad revenue is very real.


Yeah. Yeah. That's why I said the first number is very real. Yes. Okay. And even more that could be even a conservative number. The podcast number is not, I've done five or six podcasts this week and I haven't been paid for one. Right. So we don't know people Out, my and my footprint's a little larger than you're talking about. I agree. That's why we're reaching, I'm Reaching out to you. So I'm just saying it's just That's not real. Know what there I know, but there is a whole world out there and it is wild what people will pay. So all that to say you guys could make, I mean, so I hear hundreds of thousands of dollars a year by her just doing this. So you're asking, I hear two questions. One is how do should do, how do we control it? Yeah. Impacting our family and what do we do with the money?


Is that the two questions? Yes sir. Like how lucrative is this? Is it worth doing it? And you guys, I know you guys are all over social media and so how has it affected your family with people knowing about your lives and trying to, you know, I, I don't, we just don't know. Is this something we want to dive into and explore or is this gonna ruin our lives type Of thing? I think it's all on how you guys approach it, how you position it and the role that it plays in your life. So I do think that there are very healthy to create boundaries where you guys want, and I would be stricter on the boundaries early on. And as you get used to something, maybe you're a little bit more flexible and you're like, yeah, that can kind of move.


We feel good with that. I don't do it for a living. And I do think there, there's a world out there Yeah. Where this is their, this is their world and their life and their family is their content completely. And so with those people that I've talked to in that space, a lot of them do have very strict guidelines of times that they shoot times they don't. 'cause I do think this mingling of the phone and social and videoing everything for content, which is the job essentially it, I think it does affect the family in a very negative way over time. And so for you guys just to say, yeah, we can enter into this space, but you know, from 5:00 PM to 8:00 PM we're not, we're not filming this stuff.


Like, you know, we may do some content here or there throughout the day. I don't know. Do you know what I mean? I feel like you have to be very, very Yeah. Very intentional and seeing it as a job versus it being so fluid with your life because people that I see do that it it It can consume You. Yeah. It just takes over, you know, it consumes Everything if you're not careful. Absolutely. It's like a reality TV show being in your house. Yeah. I mean, yeah, that's it. Absolutely. And you're the, and you're the camera crew. Yeah, totally. Totally. So the, And that's where I, the other piece I would add to that is just to say, you know, you can make decisions about kids and those kinds of things. You also need to make decisions about subjects that are not going to be on the air. Right? What, what parts of our life are our life?


And they don't go on the air. The first 10 years Rachel was married, no one ever saw Winston, he hated it. Now he's Mr. Internet. But in, in the last two years, he's embraced it. Right. But, but, but yeah, that was the thing. Yeah. And John Maloney's, kids' faces don't show up on his, he puts cartoon fake covers over 'em. Rachel shows her kids. Yeah. I put my notes Sometimes and so forth and, and, but they, but again, I, Rachel made a comment there that's accurate. We're not in that business. We utilize social media, but we're not in the business of quote, being an influencer or running a, a reality show over our Instagram or something. We're using it, we're utilizing the platform differently.


So we're monetizing it differently, number one. Number two, we don't have to, we don't have to have quite the shoot schedule that you guys might have. Can I say this too? Yeah, I would. And I don't know how you would, I don't know how you would discern this, Josh, but somewhere along the lines that this can be an industry, I think, 'cause I could feel myself get into it that you make money so fast and pretty quick. Like he's true. Like, like, yeah, I need th three stories back to back and we'll pay you 15 grand and you're like, oh my God. It can end up being golden handcuffs where you're making so much, you're making, you know, 400, 500 plus thousand dollars a year. And it is work. I'm not saying it's not, but it's like, how could we say no?


If it ever got to a point where it's stressful and it's starting to ruin the family? It could be a hard no to stop because it's such like lucrative money. Does that make sense? Yeah. You, you get addicted to it. Well, yeah. And it's like we, even if it's ruining us, it's such easy, it's money's right there. Like, oh my gosh, that would be so hard. So it's like there would be some hard and fast rules of stopping if you could lay out a ahead of time, which I think is hard. But they, it can be a golden handcuff kind of thing where you end up sacrificing the family in a sense, even if it's going down. Yeah. Yeah. Because it's just a lot of money. Does that make sense? I'll tell I'll, and people feel that in other jobs too. But Rachel's in a group of ladies that you would know all of their names and they meet periodically that are friends and some of them that is their gig. And so she's, she's getting the inside scoop on what they're making in that group.


And I don't, I'm not in the middle of that, but I've heard the numbers and I know some of the ladies we're talking about, and they are Macon bank, so she, so her, so her advice is dead on. What I would tell you is this, the ones I see get messed up and I'm looking in from the outside, are the ones who this becomes their God rather than God being their God. And rather than their family is first, their relationships are first. And this is just a job. That's all it is. And so it doesn't take over, it's in the fourth rung down the ladder of importance. So we get to it when we get to it, but we're not sacrificing the child's mental health or our personal relationship and we're not violating people, you know?


But other than that, I, I, I think you try it, I think you put, put some boundaries on it and move forward and don't believe everything you hear and try to cash some checks. Let tell you the, it's on a good,


It's holy week in Jerusalem and the city is restless. The people of Israel welcome Jesus as king. His followers ready for revolution. But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables. Walter, You Scribes and fantasies. How will you escape being contempt to hell? Experience Holy Week like never before. What if you done coming soon to theaters, the Chosen Last Supper? Get your tickets now.


I talk to people every day who want to know how to do better in two areas, money and relationships. That's why I am pumped to bring the Money and Relationships tour to a city near you. Join me and Dr. John Delony for a night that will challenge the way you think about this stuff and possibly change how you live forever. Starting April 21st will be in Louisville, then on to Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour before they're gone.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY Personalities, my co-host and a special guest, special gift for you guys to get to meet one of my favorite people on the planet, Lewis Howes. And he's, you've, if you've been listening a long time, you've met him before. 'cause it's not your first trip on this cabbage truck. But Lewis is a New York Times bestselling author, keynote speaker, former professional football player, member of the USA Men's National Handball Team. Multiple bestsellers has an incredible show called The School of Greatness. I've been a guest on it. Rachel's been a guest on it. Everybody. And he's been a guest here many times. We're just friends in this space of helping people change their lives.


Welcome my friend. Welcome back. Thank you very much. Appreciate you guys. Good to see You. The new book is Make Money Easy. So he is on the Money Show to do that. Yeah. Create financial freedom and live a richer life. Very, very Cool. Because most people try to make it hard. They Do. So make it easy. So Make It easy and kind of in a different way. We were on my show earlier and I love the setup because it's not about, or you can say it, but it's, you know, it's not about the investing and the, and the interest rates and the mutual funds and all of it. It's so much more. It's about the emotion, the heart, the feelings behind money. Yes. Which you have to get right or it'll ruin you. The stuff that Dave loves talking about the most, the feelings, you know Yes. That we talked about earlier. Dave's big old feeling loves The feels.


Yeah. Because I, you know, you guys are the money experts. I was just coming to this approach of like, I see so many people struggling with money trying to understand it. I didn't understand it growing up and I was afraid of it. So I was like, how do I have a better, healthier relationship with the idea of money when I receive it, when I spend it, when I give it all these different things? It was very messy for me. I learned how to make it, but I almost felt trapped by it still. I still felt like I was living in kind of an anxiety, a stress, an emotional, like scarcity around it, even though I had a lot of it in the bank. So what made it easy? Well, getting in touch with my feelings is, as weird as that sounds, but kind of going back into the past and assessing my money story.


And I grew up at a time in the eighties when my parents didn't have a lot. They got married very young. They worked very hard trying to make ends meet four kids. I was the youngest and essentially I didn't have a good belief system around money. And there was different moments and memories that I created, meaning around these money stories that was like, okay, I'm not good at making it. I don't understand it. There's a lot of stress involved around money with my parents. Therefore Starts to feel like it's for someone else. Yeah. And it was like scary. And I was like, how can I receive it if I don't understand it? And as I started making it, it was out of survival to get off my sister's couch. I was living on her couch for about a year and a half when I was 23 to 25.


And I just wanted to feel like I could take care of my own life. And so I started finding many mentors, started watching some of your stuff, learning from people locally in Ohio. I started making it, but I didn't feel safe with it and I hoarded it. So I was like, what's the point of all this money if I still don't feel good, if I still feel like something's off inside of me? Amen. And so it's really been a journey over the last, you know, decade of, okay, I've got financial peace, but I have a lack of emotional peace still. And that feels really scary To me. Yeah. And the tricky thing is, we live in a world where they say, if you just have success and money, everything's fine. Yeah. Money. And it was the absolute opposite. That's A lie. Yeah. That's money's a lie. Didn't solve my, my problems.


That's right. Yeah. It helped me have a apartment to live in and, and buy things, but it didn't make me feel emotionally safe. Yep. And so I was like, what's the point of all this then if I can't feel safe with the money I have. And I also feel like it's, it's triggering so much more of my, what do we wanna call it? Wounds or scarcity where I felt like people were taking advantage of me. They were hurting me. They just wanted to be around me because I was making money. So I felt unvalued even with the money I had. Mm. I was like, what's the point of all of this? Yep. Totally. Getting to that. So That's, that's the approach of this conversation. So You just cycled back through each one of those things, touched them and went, yeah, okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna own this.


Yes. So that it doesn't own me. Exactly. Because every time someone poked my emotional wounds, I would react in bigger ways. And I think the money just made me feel even more scarce around it. So it was really going back into the money story in, in healing a lot of these parts of me where I felt broken and feeling more emotionally whole. So again, I could truly have the financial piece. Well I think it's such a great example when we say money is a magnifying glass. Yes. We've been saying that for years and it, and that's it, right. Where you're like, all of this was in you and all of us. Yeah. And then when you start to win with money, you are magnifying the good and the bad of us. A hundred percent. And if you don't go back to those bad parts, which are coming out as stress, coming out as anxie, all of that. Yeah. It's like, what, what am I doing?


Like I was almost better off without all this and you know what I mean? Yeah. And it's like, I, what, what do I do? Because, And that's where I've seen a lot of people kind of sabotage the money they have. 'cause they're like, it didn't solve the problem. Let spend it all and just go back to being broke. Yeah, Yeah. Or spend it on vices to medicate or whatever. Yeah. To numb the emotions. Right. That's right. That's right. That's right. And Dave's favorite thing to talk about is feelings here. Yes. Yes. And so it's really getting to a place that I had interviewed Dave earlier and we'd had a joke about feelings, but we, it's really getting, for me it was getting to a place. I just wanna feel more at peace and having financial peace as one part of the picture, but it amplified my lack of inner peace. Yep. And that has to affect relationships too. Every relationship, like you said, something, somebody's out to get it. Or every relationship, you know, I'm, I'm being looked at as a, a transaction here.


Yes. And at the first time I met you, you're now happily married. Yes. When I first met you many years ago, you're a single guy. Yep. It had to affect the dating relationships, Everything. Yeah. It affected all my relationships, business partnerships, friends, family. I had some stuff with family I had to deal with because now I'm the youngest and I'm making the most. And it felt, I just didn't know how to create boundaries. I didn't know how to have courageous conversations. I didn't wanna upset people. I wanted everyone to like me. So lemme just give them what all everyone's asking for. But then I feel taken advantage of now. I resent people, now I resent all these emotions. Were swirling around the center of money. How Did, how did the, the spiritual part of you kind of weave into some of this too? Because that was a big part of your Story.


Yeah, for me it was, you know, getting, I, I really appreciate every time I get to talk to, to you Dave, because I feel like I get to ask you these questions every now and then. And I don't hear you talk about them that much. And I'm always like, I'm worried about asking a weird question, Dave, around spirituality or relationships or feelings. But I get so much value out of it. So I appreciate you for sharing these things and opening up when I talk to you about it. But for me, I got to a place where I was always making more money in my business. And then one year I made less. And I remember the last time I had, I talked to you, you were like, we made less in the last year. It was still a ton of money, but you're like, it wasn't as much as the year before. And when that happened to me, it kind of broke me psychologically. I mean, it didn't ruin my life, but I was like, I was trying to grasp like error.


'cause I couldn't control me not making more money this year or something. Yeah. Like some things happened shifts and it, it messed with me. And I had to get to a place of really connecting more with, with God and faith that like money's gonna come and money's gonna go. Whether I get way more money this year or next year, I'm gonna be okay. Mm. If I make less, I'm gonna be okay. As long as I live in the values that you guys talk about, which is we are here to serve. I'm gonna keep showing up and giving my best. I'm gonna live with generosity. And I'm also to keep reflecting on how I can improve and shift things and not just be a victim to what's happening, make decisions, make changes. Right. But I'm here to serve. And I think living in that state makes, That's sets you free.


It's emotion that's other centered rather than self-centered. A hundred percent. And all that crap is self-centered Yes. That you're dealing with before. And I had all, and I was ego driven. Exactly. Not always, but it was like, I need to make more and it needs to look good. And what if the followers are down and what the ray Totally. And I just said, screw all that. Let me serve, let me add value and good things are bad. Which Goes such against the grain too, of the applause of the world. Right. And so some people are out there and they're like, this may not be like what you're specifically talking about, but it's like, well, I want the nice car to feel like I'm successful. Yeah. You can plug, plug in, you can plug in any element of this. And you're fighting against the world for what the world applause is versus Yeah. What's really true in her piece. Like what you talking About and God's applause. Yeah. Yeah. Make Money Easy is the new book by our friend Louis Howes.


Recommend you pick it up immediately. You'll notice it by the, the little kind of dull green cover. No, obviously Little bright. Got a battery in the back. I love the color. Excellent. Makes it jump off the shelf. That's good. Market marketing brother. Good marketing. Well done. So we say money is 80% behavior, 20% head knowledge. And that really, those behaviors almost flow out of the piece that you're talking about. Yes. Or don't flow out of the piece you're talking about. So it's not really managing the behaviors, it's managing the, the emotional state to get to the behaviors. Well, You know, and you talk about this, our beliefs influence our behaviors.


Yeah. So if we believe we're not worthy, we're probably going to not create an experience or the working environment or opportunities that add more to our life. If we're believe we're unworthy of love, or if we believe we're worthy, then we're gonna step into things naturally. Yeah. And behave in accordance and alignment with that belief. Lewis Howes, make money easy. Create financial freedom and live a richer life. Highly recommend it. Recommend this guy. Be sure and check out his show The School of Greatness. You'll love it. This is The Ramsey Show.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news knock box, that's NOK Box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy Memories, not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history. And one manageable place. Your family will feel your love in every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's N ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. The truth is, you get to decide what happens with your money. And if you wanna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The EveryDollar budget app makes it easy for you to plan EveryDollar. You've got coming in and EveryDollar going out. Plus it's free. So no more excuses. Go download EveryDollar in the App store or Google Play today.


RAMSEY show question of the day is brought to you by Why refi feeling stuck with defaulted private student loan payments. Why Refi can reduce your payments and help you regain control of your money. Take the first step toward getting unstuck. Go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in Allstate.


Today's question comes from Kayla in Montana. I want a new car. My husband lives and breathes by Dave's rules and he thinks we can't afford one. We're both 35 years old and together bring home $700,000. Our only debt we have is our $600,000 mortgage on our home and a $65,000 rental home. Our net worth is close to $1 million. We have two young daughters and plan to add to our family soon. So I wanna save up and buy a new mid-size SUV this year. My husband wants to purchase a a used full-size SUV and keep it for a minimum of seven years, which one of us is correct.


I don't understand the, my husband wants to purchase a use and keep it for a minimum of seven years. Do you Get it? She wants to buy a brand new car. Oh, br Oh, buy new. I hear, I hear. Yeah. And and He wants to buy a used one and keep it for A while. Okay. I, okay, I see. I see. Yeah. So the problem here, Kayla is not the car. And the problem here is not your husband following the RAMSEY rules because your husband's not following them. I, the RAMSEY rules include working with your spouse and being on the same page with your spouse. And you Kayla have nothing to do with anything here.


You just stand back and ask for stuff and he decides if he's going to give it or not. That is not a RAMSEY rule. Mm. Instead you should be like a grownup person, not a child wanting something from her daddy and be one of the two votes on where this freaking $700,000 goes. That is what we teach. We don't teach what your husband is doing nor what you are doing. And so, so you guys gotta get talking about, okay, here's the future I want and here's the steps it's gonna take to get to the future. Yeah.


And how do we get there? How does a, how does a car purchase fit in that future? But you sound like a 16-year-old having a hissy fit. 'cause your daddy won't buy you a car and that's just ridiculous. That's not the position you should be in as the wife. No. But she may feel on the other end of the coin, frustrated if they're making seven. No, there's a serious amount of pouting in this email. No, but if they make, if they make $700,000 a year, They make plenty of Money. That's what I'm saying. And she's, but She doesn't Act. She's like, Hey, can we spend 50 grand on an SUV? And he is like, Nope, nope, nope, nope. And she's like, well They're not. Do you know what I'm saying? They're, but they're, they're not. This is again, this is like da daddy, we got the money. No. And daddy's saying, no, we don't have the money.


I follow Dave. Well, you don't follow Dave because you don't treat your wife like a 16-year-old child. Yeah. Your wife is a full grown woman and stuff. Okay. So what if they, And so she needs to be involved in the discussion. Okay. So if they're Both, the thing is positioned wrong. Okay. That's the f Okay. Yeah. That's my point. Okay. So what if they're both adults And they're both saying, both talking About it and she's like, listen, we have plenty of money. We can get this. Our net worth Is Well, what we teach is, and what I lived with my wife who had a vote and I had a vote. What you have lived with your husband who had a vote and you had a vote Yes. Was that we don't buy a brand new vehicle because they go down in value regardless of your income until you have a million dollar net worth and you darling don't have a million dollar net worth.


And so, no, I would not buy a house. I would, I would buy a 2-year-old SUV. Yes. And I, what? I don't think you have to keep it seven years. I don't care how long you keep it, but you buy used cars and let someone else take the butt kicking on the depreciation. You don't spend money on things that go down in value like a rock while you're trying to get outta debt and build wealth, even if you have a $700,000 income Because they do have a $600,000 mortgage. Right. So I'm like, there's like, there's something Wrong. Where the heck is all this money going? Right. Right. I mean, my gosh, you ought to be able to write a check by that SUV and not even have this discussion And pay off the rental house, you know, Pay off the rental, you know, house and get your house paid off. Right. And live on a hundred thousand one year. Right. What the flip are you people doing?


I mean, there's money going out here like you guys are in Congress, so Yeah. And, and you know, but the immaturity in this is just dripping. Yeah, that's fair. That's fair. So the positioning of it is wrong. So you guys need to be like, we're both gonna sit down. We're both gonna say, okay, this is the principles we're going to use in our house and based on those principles, we are going to make these decisions together. And that's not him dictating that to you or you dictating it to him. This is, we're gonna decide where we're going and if you want to follow the RAMSEY rules, it would be Ram. I don't know that RAMSEY has rules, but if you wanna follow the processes that we teach that have caused people to build wealth, it is too grownups working together toward an agreed goal and the shortest possible distance between here and that goal.


Two grownups. Now they'll come at it from different angles. We can have discussions based on our different personality styles Sure. Or different histories. We can have all kinds of discussions here, but it's never, I ain't want a car. And Dave Ramsey, my husband's a Dave Ramsey nut and he won't buy me a car. And that's exactly the way this sounds. I think you're offended that she No, I mean it's just, I'm kidding. I'm Kidding. No, it's the, I'm not offended at all. I Know, I know the, but you're right. I, and I think the frustration comes from when we've talked to so many married couples, the Positioning Well that, and it, it reveals the state of the marriage. Yeah. And probably how it is and where, and you care more about their marriage in that sense. You as people need to become healthier and these decisions coming out of that become way more peaceful and you know, more mature if you want me to, It's not this get really tacky.


I could start guessing. No, don't how he makes 700 a year that causes him to be the daddy. What? I could do that and I probably would be right, but I won't. That's tacky. So I think I know what he does for a living and that he like The whole life Guy or something. No, no, no, no, no, no. He's, he's in an industry where he's God and he's used to being in charge. Oh. Oh. And He makes a ton of money. He has power and he's used to telling people what to do all day long. And his wife is on the list of people. He tells what to do. And, and so she's adopted the position of kid rather than wife. And that's where the, the seven, assuming he makes all the 700 k, I got a feeling she doesn't make hardly any of the 700 k. Well she says, or she'd be raising up even heavier.


Yeah, yeah. I Don't know if she made the 700 K, we might not have got the email. So that in the way this thing's positioned and that, so this, this is the dynamic we're talking about. Why are we covering this and why are we making poking such holes in it? Is because in all the millionaires we've stu studied the data is very clear. 80 plus percent of them have a solid marriage relationship where the two of them are both aligned on the goals and the process to get there. Not, you know, and have equal goals. The guy, the guy's not like, well my wife won't gimme any money. I work all day, but she, and she treats him like he's 15 years old.


He brings a check home and gives it to mama and mama don't take care of him. And you know, we don't hear that from the millionaires or the, Or the other end that Or the vice versa, which is this one Yeah. The dictator, You know, of the home. Yeah. Yeah. And, and that we don't, this model right here of relationship does not, the data does not bode well for this model. It says you're not gonna do well I don't even care if you make 600 K, you cannot outearn your stupidity. I've tried it so that that doesn't Work well. Yeah. And money is such a reflection though. It's kinda what we're talking about with Lewis in the last segment. It's, it's a reflection so much of who you are in your character and the, and the health of you. Right. And money either magnifies those healthy versions of you or it magnifies the unhealthy broken sides, which we all have.


Both Including Relationships, including the marriage. So him bringing in or them, she says, we bring home together 700,000. So I dunno who brings it home. But the idea that you're making a lot of money is magnifying through a car purchase some of those dysfunctional parts of the marriage. Yeah. And, and, and you know, looking at that and becoming healthier in that fixes some of this. But yeah. And I don't want that. I guess maybe I did rise up on this. I'm thinking about it emotionally. I don't want any of you using our name or the stuff we teach as a weapon in your house. And that's what's going on here. He lives and breathes by Dave's rules and thinks we can't afford one.


So he's using like, he's like bad guying off of us. Like, well Dave says you can't do that. Right. Instead of actually manning up and walking through the concept and getting agreement based on logic, instead you blame it on somebody off in the podcast land and that's complete cowardice, you know? So there you go. Yeah. Quit using my name as a weapon. Pisses me off. This is The Ramsey Show. I knew that Was in there.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. Do you ever feel like insurance companies only care about your money and not what you actually need? Well, there's a better way. When you go to Ramsey's Insurance resource Hub, you'll start feeling confident that you're getting the right coverage that's truly best for you. You'll find helpful info on everything from life insurance, health insurance, identity theft, protection and more. And when you're ready to get the coverage you need, you can connect with a RAMSEY Trusted Insurance Pro, who will only get you what you need at the best price. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


Bob is with us in Pennsylvania. Hey Bob, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Good afternoon Dave. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I wanna preface my question by saying thank you for giving us the tools to be financially successful. Cool. We've been drinking the cool, drinking the Kool-Aid for six years and life is way different today than it was. Well, thank you sir. I'm glad That being, thank you. That being said, I'm still paying for some of the sins of the past. We are co-signed on five private student loans for two of our children to the tune of 37 5 Total. They're both Struggling total 37 5 each or total?


Total. Okay, good. Between the five. Okay. I about passed out. They are struggling financially and some months we are co-signed. So we've signed up for it. We have to make some payments on these loans. We have $500 a month in our budget. We don't ever exceed that, but we use it most months. So my question is, should we, we're in baby step six, fully funded emergency fund, do we back up the baby step two and pay these off? I don't really wanna give them a free pass or do we continue to just use our monthly budget to make the process continue?


Hmm. How many kids We have? Three, two of them are involved in this process. Student child number ones, his loans are done. Okay. And Hmm. And what do you guys make, what's your household income? One 50. Okay. All Right. Yeah. I, I don't want to give them a free pass, but when you co-signed you did that free pass is already out the door. Okay.


I wish they had gone out and built careers based on their education enough to pay 37,000 bucks, which is not like the largest number of hers. It'd be 20, 15, 20. You know, each if they Respond. Yeah. I mean I wish that that's really should be very reachable. So I'm trying to think what I would do. How old are these? Two? 32 and 26 and they each have about half of it. Okay. I, I am hesitant to try to teach someone that old a lesson even if it's my kid, you know what I'm saying?


And so I, you know, if this was a younger, a little fresher, I might say, okay, I'm gonna 22 or something. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I I may pay it off, but I'm gonna weave into that some kind of thing where they pay it back or something like that. But I think this is already way down the river. It feels like these kids, these kids have been outta school a long time, right? Well the 3-year-old is one semester away from finishing his doctorate. So he's really been a student for a while. In what The young in music, What's he planning on doing with it?


Bob, do you know, Professor, He, he was, his goal was to be a professor and I think he got very close to the end and decided that I don't know that I wanna do that. And he kind of just bailed. There's no use for a PhD in music then. I mean, the knowledge base you got could be useful in the music world, but the PhD's not necessary for, it's not, it's not an entry barrier. Wow. Yeah, it's a tough, it's a tough call. Yeah, it is. I'm, I'm, I'm struggling with it little bit 'cause and what I'm trying to have go through my head is, you know, Rachel's in her thirties, if this was me, am I gonna just pay this and go, okay, it's my fault, my mistake.


She ain't getting around to it by now. I was like, my not, probably not going to, I need to get this off my plate for my sake. And that's what's running through my head. I think you need to clear it for your sake. E even though I'm pretty aggravated at these two, I wish they had done better. Not, I'm not ready to yell at 'em, but I'm, I'm mildly aggravated, like $37,000 worth. And so, you know, I, but I think for your sake, your wife's sake, this is gonna haunt you and nag at you and nip at your heels and bite you every three months. You gotta make a payment and all that and you've got a good income. I would probably go back to beans and rice and just clear this like in a year and get it outta my life and not worry about it.


And then, then let the chips fall where they fall. And if the kids wake up one day and send you a check, I'd cash it. But if they don't, fine too and not gonna worry about it. The big deal is not, it's not about them, it's about you. And so I think looking at it through that lens that tells me you pay it. So would you dump the emergency fund and start over? How much is that? Just beans and 30, 30 we We're a little short. Yeah. 30. Yeah. Yes, I would, yeah. Yeah. I'd just start clearing 'em off. Okay. And then you gotta decide what, you know, send your children an email or, and, and to follow up with a phone call and go, we paid this off. Not for you, but because we wanted it out of our life.


We feel like you're still responsible for this, but you do with that what you want. Or something like that. But I'm, I'm not gonna, you know, add to a burden or take away a burden from them necessarily. Well, And I was gonna say too and but But they need to know it's paid off. 'cause they're gonna see the thing has the zero balance, so you need to talk about it. Yeah. And then even the strings attached elements still affects the relationship. Right. Like if you were like, I still expect you to pay me back. You know what I mean? Yeah. I really wouldn't go into that level. Yeah. I'd just go, you do what you think is right. Yeah. We paid it off and we didn't pay it off for you. We paid it off for us. That that's the true statement. Because you didn't, you didn't pay it off to help them. You paid it off 'cause you were stupid and cosigned and now you gotta clear it. Me too. I did that too. Okay.


Not with student loans, but I've done it with other stuff so I'm not picking on you. But man, I'm sorry. I it's a, that's a bit of a quandary though. It's an interesting discussion. Thanks for having it with us. I think I'm going to approach it through what's good for you and your wife and let the 30 year olds figure it out. What Was your gut, Bob, you and your wife? Did you guys have a strong opinion or, or leaning a certain way? Either one of you We've kind of declared war on our mortgage holder and we're down to 1 0 2. Oh Man. Single dollar's been to that. And so this will put that on hold probably for about a year. 'cause we, last year we paid almost 32,000 on principle.


How old are you guys? So 61 and 58. Yeah. You're gonna be there. You'll be there in a heartbeat. And this is gonna just change. 'cause every time this bill comes, you revisit all the emotions and I'm I, if I'm you, I selfishly don't want that anymore. That's what I mean. It's like a dog biting me once a month. You know what I'm saying? Oh, I absolutely know what you're saying. And so I I I I'm fighting for you guys and, and, and, and, and I I think it's just the last thing you do to clean up and, and your kids are just too old to put them in some kind of headlock and teach 'em a lesson is my opinion.


I, I can't imagine. I mean, my kids are similar ages and I just can't imagine doing that. I I can't imagine it working is what I mean, I can imagine doing it, but I can imagine it working, Forcing us into a life lesson. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's so Hard. Yeah. I mean if they're 22 you can sit 'em down and have a good talking to, you know, a little come to Jesus meeting, but they're not 22. And it's just, it is another example, which we have never, we have a, we have a textbook full of these examples of co-signing Never co, but it's, but I mean it's this and thank God, you know, Bob, they have the money. We talked to a lot of people at cosign for a car and they can't even make the payment nor the person that could, you know, it had the like, but but again, it it's the relational aggravation and strain that debt causes on people and it's, and it's not worth it.


And I know he said they're still paying for, it's kinda like almost the stupid tax idea. Well it helped by the way Junior went on and worked on his PhD while he didn't pay the loan. Yeah. Even pay him for that. So Oh my gosh. So pretty inconsiderate a mom and dad. Mm. When your job was to clear the loan. Yeah. You're not even making your payments on time. You're 33 freaking years old. Yeah. While you're working on a PhD, that marketplace value, if you're not gonna be a professor is not, probably wasn't worth what you paid for. Mm. So wow. Unbelievable. Thanks for the call Bob Pro Professor. It'll come back but Oh man. Huh? I'm sorry but thanks for having the discussion with us. I think you guys are fine. You're still gonna be multimillionaires, you're still gonna get your house paid off and you won't have the next three years of aggravation.


And that's good. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is Search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing, bad b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.