
From The Ramsey Network, this is The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by my good friend, Dr John Delony. And we're taking your calls at triple eight Eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money, and hopefully if we do our jobs, we'll give you the right next step to take. Calvin is up first in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Calvin Welcome to The Ramsey. Show you with us. Well, I, you guys How can We help. So I am doing a lot of research on you guys and this whole, the whole Ramsey method and Be careful.


Do what now? I just said be careful. I'm just kidding around. I'm joshing. What are you doing research for? Well, so right now I, I, I mean I wanna be financially free. I'm a Christian. I'm, I'm very full in depth with that. Money is the happiness of, or basically the love of money is rid of all evil, but money itself is not evil. I, I come from a family where my parents had a very large, decent income, but they did not use it correctly at all. They didn't manage it well and they were in debt for practically their whole life. I think they just got a debt last year.


And now that I'm about to be married, I'm married to, to a beautiful, beautiful family where they have zero debt and they have a really well income and they are doing really well off. And so my fiance is used to that lifestyle and I'm used to the other lifestyle. Yeah. Now the current job, I'm, right now I'm a general manager of Chick-fil-A and more in southeastern Oklahoma. And I make pretty good living for 25. I actually moved from South Georgia to pursue this career. And with both of us put together, we'll probably make roughly around 130,000 a year for us being a single, that is pretty outstanding for most people around this area. Yeah.


And the reason I'm doing research, because I know we can set a lot of money back to be financially free within probably less than 10 years. What does financially free mean for you? Financially free means for me is not worrying about anything. Not worrying about any debts, not worrying about payments, not worrying. Just So let's get crystal clear on what the goal is. Is it I want to be debt free, including my house? I mean, I could be one of our goals. Yes. What Are you aiming for? I'm aiming for to be financially pledged to give generously without having to think about it. Okay. So a challenge you're gonna have psychologically speaking is not being very specific and acknowledging when you cross certain thresholds and then checking yourself in your new marriage or five years from now, your 5-year-old marriage and saying, okay, let's reexamine these goals.


Let's reexamine how these goals feel to us. 'cause what you're gonna do based on what you're doing right now is you're chasing a feeling and you are gonna be a lonely, miserable guy with $10 million. You're gonna be an operator making a million bucks a year, and you're gonna be miserable to be around because you're chasing how something's gonna feel. Yeah. I'd much rather you say, I want to be able to tip really well every time we go out to eat. Cool. I wanna be able to save for my kids' college and not worry about it and possibly start a scholarship for somebody else in our neighborhood. Cool. So be specific with us. What does freedom feel like for you?


I mean, what, what, what is it tangibly, what is it? Freedom itself? Well, you're saying 10 years. So at 35 years old, let's fast forward. Calvin is debt free, including no mortgage payment. That's a good feeling. And then what do you wanna be able to retire because you have $2 million in a nest egg. That's the kind of specificity that will help us help you. Or I, I I can tip at Waffle House, any number, and it doesn't, I don't worry about it. Dave RAMSEY could give me a million dollars in cash and he wouldn't notice it. So like, be specific. I guess the specific answers on what I'm looking for or what I'm trying to say is that I want to be able to invest my money in any way in shape or form.


And to be even more specific is to not having to worry about my family or most of my wife having to work and being a traditional home. Well, you'll be there. I mean, you're talking about getting outta debt. How much debt do you have? Zero. Okay. So why aren't you living that right now? You guys, you said you're making great money as long as you live on less than you make, you're on a written budget every month. You and your wife are on the same page. I don't see why this dream doesn't happening today. That's, well, that's the thing is I'm been doing research on how David Ramsey or Dave or David, Mr.


Ramsey himself is set, set the boundaries. 'cause I mean, last night we talked about this me, oh, well she's not my wife yet, but she will be in six months. The fiance obviously I know we're not tied to anything financially as of right now because Technic She is my wife. Obviously we're both pursuing that now and setting up when we are married, we're not shocked of finances or anything. I'm having those conversations Now. Okay. That's why this is a future thing. You're, you're looking at instead of a present. 'cause you're not married yet, so here's what's gonna happen. If you want your wife to be able to stay home, you need to budget based off of your personal income. So if you're saying that's 130 grand, how much do we take home after taxes after investing 15%.


Great. We have to learn how to live on that. Can we live off of eight grand a month? I think the answer for your lifestyle is probably gonna be yes. And how much can we allocate to giving outside of that? How much can we allocate to getting our house paid off? That's when you start to balance all these things over a long period of time. And if you're asking this magic question, I I, I've been doing research on Dave RAMSEY, that means you've been watching a lot of YouTube and Googling and probably reading Reddit, right? Which for a guy who spent 20 years in, in the academy, that's not research that's just Googling, but fine. The core message of Dave Ramsey is live on less than you make and give a whole bunch of money away and enjoy some of your life and be able to exhale when you put your head on your pillow.


And if that doesn't resonate with you, that's the core message. If you're like, no, no, no, no, no, that's too simple. If you get into the nuts and bolts and where to put your money in your funds, the core Ramsey message is live on less than you make. And when you have access give, Dave says generously, I like to say recklessly, I like to just be able to just give. Right? And that can be money, that can be time, that can be in spirit, that can be, I've got a crazy week this week, just 15 minutes ago, I asked George, Hey, can you run, can you drive the shows what we say? And he's like, I got you dude. Like it's a spirit of, right. It's a, it's a ethos. It's a way we, we enter into the world.


We exist in the world. That's it man. And if you and your wife choose for a season for you both to work great and If, you have a dream of marrying somebody, you want her to stay at home, you'd love to have your wife stay at home and raise kids that if you are able to have kids, cool, great. Y'all discuss that And, but it's this, I don't need, I'm researching a plan. It's not about researching a plan. Live on less than you make. And George saying like, you make a budget and you know how much money you make, budget for it. Spend less than that and if you owe debts, pay those off and then get to zero and then begin to save and begin to allocate and begin to delay gratification until you can pay for it in cash. Yeah. And right now Calvin, it sounds like you're running from the existence you had growing up with your parents being broke.


That's What it's and I want. We want you to run to something specific, not just away from, I don't wanna be broke like my parents did, making good money. That's not gonna be you. You've already decided that's a choice you get to make. and I have full faith, you'll do that. So hang on the line Calvin, I wanna send you my book Breaking Free from Broke. It'll walk you through that and help you set those very specific money goals so that you can have that financial freedom. This is The Ramsey Show.


Okay, Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars Could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy plan. Request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by fund services LLC.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell. Joined by Dr. John Maloney. Open phones at Triple Eight Eight two five five two two five. Well, 50 days of Christmas deals are happening right now. Perfect for those looking for great deals without overspending this holiday season. So whether you're shopping for yourself or you're looking for the perfect gift to help someone get their money in order, now is the time to shop. You can get up to 30% off on our bestselling products, breaking free from Broke. My book is on sale for the very first time 'cause it just released this past January. This is a great option for parents to gift young adult kids. Or if there's someone you know, this is great for anyone, but if you're in your twenties and thirties, this book's really gonna hit. I'll expose the money myths and traps around credit cards, student loans and mortgage traps and show you a more peaceful path to build wealth.


Speaking of building, building an non-anxious life, my friend Dr John Delony, he's book 30% off. That was A great radio Transition. You like that? That was outstanding. And anxiety is everywhere. I just talked to a young man out in the lobby. John's got 58 cents in his checking account. This young teen. Whew. That gives me anxiety thinking about it. And so if you want help with this, John will walk you through the six daily choices to create a more peaceful and joyful life. We've got John's questions for humans decks, just 12 bucks for the classic ones. There we're. We got couples, friends, parents and kids editions. Go check 'em out. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're listening on YouTube or podcast, click the link in the description. Richard is in St. Cloud, Minnesota. Up next, what's going on Richard?


Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Sure, sure. I am in a place where I've never been before where I have no debt other than the, what remains on the principle of my house. I have nothing invested. But I do have my six month emergency fund. I've spoken with a smart investor pro and I'm comfortable with him. But I'm wondering, I can pay off what I have remaining on my house of 79,000 in 30 months or I can start investing. What would be the point of investing if I can pay off the house? I kind of like the weight of that off of me. That is true. But we also need to realize that compound growth is our best friend when it comes to our nest egg.


And right now you don't have a lot of time between you and retirement. When are you looking to retire? I like what I'm doing and as long as I can do it, I don't plan to retire. But do you have a, a pension or something? Let's say your body says I can't 10 Years. Okay, so at 70 years old, how are you going to pay the bills if you don't have anything invested With the social security? Do you know what that payment will be? Because the average payment is about 1700 bucks. Well, I currently work full-time, well mostly full-time and I also receive Social security disability and then that will switch to standard social security automatically at age 67.


And presently between the disability and income, I have a take home of 4,500 a month. Okay. My house payment is 1377. I, as I said, I have 79,000 principal left. I refied when it was in the basement. So that's at a 1.875. Wow. A 10 year, which if I stayed on course would be paid off in 31. So here's what if you did this, what if you split the difference and you invested, you have catch up contributions, you can take advantage of it this age and you began paying off the house. And that way as you enter retirement, you've got one less expense by paying off the house.


I don't know that we need to go full on on one of them 'cause you're gonna free up that payment if you pay it off now or you'll pay it off in the next 30 months. That's about almost three years. And then beyond that, you'll free up a payment. You could then invest. So either way we're gonna make a trade off here. But I like the plan of you getting into the habit of investing to build that muscle because for 60 years we haven't. Right. What did your smart investor pro say? I'm guessing they were on the side of investing, They were on the side of investing and I would have the latitude to do a catch up contribution for 2024 up to the 8,000 mark and then do 8,000 in 2025 as well.


I guess I'm, my thought is for what investing for a two and a half year period and what might be built in that or may not be built in that period. But what would be off the, the off my shoulders as far as the mortgage for sure in that period, I'm wondering what, what the denominal difference would be as far as a buildup or loss or a definite payoff. Yeah, you can crunch the numbers with your smart ster pro. I just don't want you to get stuck in this paralysis analysis mode where we don't do anything. 'cause you know, the best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The next best time is today.


And so I'd, I'd rather see some action. And if that means making an extra payment a year on the house right now while aggressively investing, that's fine. And eventually if you go, Hey, I gotta retire soon, let's get this house paid off. We can switch gears. What do you think John? There's not a very clear you've gotta do this or this. The baby steps would say, let's put 15% of our income away in retirement. Anything beyond that, let's throw at the house. Yeah. I, man, this is tough because I, I am probably of of the Ramsey personalities, I'm probably the one that's most debt allergic like So delony, he's like, get the house paid Off asap. Yeah. So dude, I, the idea of, I, I'm trying to think of my dad. If my dad called and said I'm gonna be 63 and I could have 25,000 bucks in retirement, I've got $0.


And I, I've, you've probably looked up and googled the social security clock the same as everybody else in America and watching that sucker tick and see what's supposed to be in 2030 and 2035. And so I would not hang any hats on social security at the same time. The thought of being 62 or 63 and having nobody could take my house. Right. I can see that for me personally. Yeah. Being a really compelling option. My concern with you is, well and Even if social security went didn't Yeah. My concern is as, as George mentioned, and it sounds like you've had disabilities, it sounds like you, it sounds like you've had you, you've been fighting some battles over, over the last 20, 30 years, right?


Yeah. Well, well, and it's foolish combination of foolishness for validity, medical necessity with my wife who passed and then a long-term relationship who recently passed. So it's now it's just me and the house is half paid off and like I said, I've never been at this point before. Yeah. So it's, it, you know, it feels like I should get out from under it and have that for sure. 30 months on the other side, freedom as opposed to 30 months investing and see, it feels like it would be kind of pennies of possible accumulation and investing as opposed to, you know, a real solid asset that's free and I.


Got you. I got you on that. No, I, I mean I track with you my gut, my gut tells me the same thing. Totally. Get where you're, where You're at. How much could you invest a month right now? Probably 2000. Okay. So lemme do some quick number crunching for you. From 60 to 70, you invest 2000 bucks, you'd have 433 grand. Let's say you started at 63 'cause you wanted to get the house paid off first, right? Okay. That would then give you 250 grand. So you've got a 170 grand difference there. At what, at what year would that mature? Well, it's just compound growth over those seven years versus 10 years of investing two grand. So, and again, you'd be investing more 'cause you'd get free up the payments.


So you'd be investing three grand instead. That's 3 77. You still didn't catch up to those first three years of investing that then had time for compound growth to work its magic. So that's why I feel like getting started early, getting some money in there, working that muscle, getting used to investing and then focusing on the house. You could split the difference, but either way, you've got to get investing. I don't wanna rely on just social security to be able to pay the bills the rest of my life. And so I want you to have somewhat of a nest egg to help cushion that with Social Security. What do you, what do you do for a living brother? I, I do security. Okay. And it's, it's a good position. It's a good company and I enjoy what I do. And it's, you know, it's, it's not going anywhere unless the place burns down pretty much.


Is there a possibility, and I'm trying to be on your team here, is there a possibility that for 18 months you could just go B-A-N-A-N-A-S just go bananas and work extra shifts and work overtime and get this thing off your chest? No, because the Social security disability has a earnings limit and I would need to be pulling a hundred hours a week to do that. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dang. Well, I'd probably split the difference. I wanna see you get to investing and build a habit and anything else we can throw in the house, let's get that knocked out in the next five years. Let's set a real clear goal and get to it. My man, this is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible. Or people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How in the middle, how next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief. Like it's just, it is, it's terrible.


And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 or go to xandr.com


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show Open phones at Triple Eight Eight two five five two two five. I'm George Kamel and sitting next to me is Dr John Delony. Stefan joins us up next in Charlotte, North Carolina. What's going on Stefan? Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. Sure. How, can We help? I am, I am in a weird position. I, I lost everything. and I am driving a semi truck working for a, a really big company and I've been in trucks for a lot of years now, I'll say about five years. I made a lot of money in entrepreneurship, but I handled it wrong. I had a 4-year-old daughter. I have a 4-year-old daughter. And when I had her four years ago, I just was trying to make money and get rich and I just didn't handle money.


Right. I just, I think from just generational curses, no one in my family has been able to really get past poverty. I was chasing, chasing money and getting past poverty. But the more I try to not be like that, I find myself getting evicted the same way and, and losing any amount of money that I have. So I'm kind of positioned where I just wanna, I wanna get ahead and I wanna do money, right? I wanna do money God's way. Not just get rich, get get rich quick, but something that sustains and something that, you know, I can give consistently. I can tie consistently, I can just be a better father. And yeah. So that's where I'm at. And like I said, I have no bills right now, which I kind of feel is a good thing, kind of being positive about it, but I know I can be a millionaire. and I just, how do, How does one have no bills?


Understanding? Well, with outside of, like, when I say no bills, I mean like no major overhead vehicle payments, house payments, rent or anything right now. Okay. No, no debt. You're not renting. Where are you living? I have no debt In his truck. In My semi-truck. Yeah. Oh, in my semi check. Hey, Stef Stephan, A job with Cmpd coming up in February. Can I tell you how proud I am that you're making this call? That's a hard thing for you to have just said out loud that you told me and George didn't it.


What I'm witnessing here is, is maybe the highest form of bravery, which is a man who loves his kid and wants to do right, and wants to do something different. And it's not even as much as change your family tree, but you want to go till a new plot of ground ground and plant a new tree. 'cause it starts with you and you shot outta the canon for five years and it went sideways on you. And it's real easy to fall back into old patterns in the, the, the, the neighborhoods we grew up in. And it's real, real hard to stand tall and make a phone call and say, I I'm stuck. Yeah. Can I just shout you out and say I'm proud of you man.


Thank you. I appreciate That. If, if more men would make the phone call you made today to their friends, to their neighbors, to their counselor, to their, to their ministers, the world would change within the week. But they won't. But you did. And I'm proud of you. Okay, where's your daughter right now? Okay. She lives in Maryland with her mom. How, why aren't you in Maryland with, with doing what you can down the street to be in her life? So, long story short ministry here in Charlotte, me and her mom met in Charlotte where we went to school together and I just, I prayed about it, prayed about it, we prayed about it. We co-parent with God in the middle of it too. He, he can be in that. And we just believe that I'm supposed to still be here attached to the ministry that I'm at.


and I think you're supposed to be attached to your daughter. My brother As well. Yes. No, No, no. Listen to me. I Just, I I haven't heard God say leave. I, I maybe, maybe he's talking through me. You need to go be down the street from your daughter. And here's why. I've spent my career with 18 to 25-year-old young men and women whose moms and dads had quote unquote different calls in their life that didn't include them. And I'm not saying that you don't work. I am saying you go find what you gotta do to be in your daughter's life so that she sees her dad, Can I throw this at you? You throw anything you want. That's right. Her, her, her mom. Her mom, they moved back home when she had, when she to Maryland when she had, when she had raylin my daughter.


Now they're actually looking to move back to Charlotte. That was another part of it. She was always ready to go back to Charlotte when she got on her own two feet too. When Is that happening? Within the next year. I will say that happened. That's one thing that has kept me, you know, keep you going because it is an easy co-parenting far away by far. It's really hard. I Don't wanna be a jerk man. But you're not, you're not doing much co-parenting. How old is this little girl? My baby's four, just to give you a little bit on that, when I was doing great and making a lot of money, this is the longest gap I've been not seeing my baby. I would spend a lot of my money feeding my baby driving, driving those six hours. Get my baby, have her for two weeks at a time.


Go get her again a week later before she started school. 'cause you know, you just started pre-K Yep. So it's not like we had any systems in the way I do everything I can to get to my baby, Except you do everything except go be with your baby. So he here, here's what George and I are trying to tell you. I want you to build a life from the inside out, not from the outside in. And you're using words like co-parent, but you haven't seen your, your 4-year-old and four year olds don't do FaceTime. Four year olds do touch, they do presents, they do stillness. Okay? Four year olds are basically a giant nervous system. They, neither kids need their dads, is what I'm telling you. Okay? For sure. and I don't wanna get in the middle of your, the theology and what prayers you've had, whatever.


What I know is when you make a kid, your priorities in your life changes. I'm not saying that you stop working. I'm not saying that you don't work really hard, that you don't, you're a full entrepreneur. You don't try to make money. I'm, that's what I'm saying. I'm saying it dictates where you live. And if you and mom can't make it work, then y'all figure out how we're gonna live by a baby. Okay? That's not why you called, but maybe that is why this call ended up getting through all the people trying to call. I want you to figure something out and it might cost you money in the short term, but you will have something that millions of dads don't have, which is a daughter who wants to come home. Okay? You're playing a 25 year game with this daughter now that when she's 30, when she's 25 and she thinks of her dad, her shoulders will drop and she'll exhale and say, dad's home.


Okay? Yeah. Yeah. Alright. And so my new goal would be what do my finances need to look like to where I could take a pay cut to go move across the country to be with my daughter and it won't, you know, destroy my finances. So I would have a very clear goal of why we're getting on track. You said you, you don't have a penny in debt, right? No, nothing. How Much do you have in savings? Nothing. I just started this job. Okay, so that is your next goal. You said you have no bills. How much are you making per month? About 4,000 minimum. So how much of that 4,000 do you actually need to cover some expenses like food or whatever insurance you name it? Maybe, maybe six 50 of it.


So you're telling me right now in front of America, living in The truck That you could put away $3,400 a month into a savings account? Absolutely. Let's do That game on. And once you have six months worth of expenses and expenses are fake right now for you, but let's say you had real life expenses. You were renting a place, let's base it on that. Let's say it was three grand a month, six months, that's 18, maybe round up to 20. Once you have 20 grand saved up in a, in a high yield savings account, that's your emergency fund. That is your never going to debt again in insurance policy. And once you have that, now we can begin investing. Does your employer have a retirement program? So I'm going into law enforcement. They have great ones. Great.


So once you, I'm Driving this truck to wait till, basically Once you have that, that emergency fund, let's begin investing 15% of our income into that retirement program. And then beyond that, I would be looking to go, I'm gonna own a house one day. I'm probably not gonna live on the road for the rest of my life, hopefully. And so I would begin saving up in another high yield savings account for that down payment for whatever's next. Maybe it's a deposit for somewhere to rent for a while. But those would be my next goals for you financially of okay, what can I tactically do right now? And so having a savings account is your day. I should saving now Do what I should. I should be saving that money into those kind of high yield savings accounts now. Right Now, Yeah.


Your A one is the emergency fund, six months of expenses. Your next a one would be retirement, 15% beyond that. Let's begin saving up for down payment, deposit, all of that for housing. And that will put you in a position to where you're not stressed out. If, you have to do a cross country move. If, you have to take a pay cut. Right? You know how to live on less than you make. That's the key. You're really good at that part. But now let's make good use of that 3,400. 'cause otherwise it'll slip away into snacks and lifestyle and who knows what else. And dude, I'm telling you right now, Stefan, I would have a conversation with mom tonight. I'm not going another 60 days, even if I have to get another job. They're hiring law enforcement agents everywhere across this country.


I'm not going another 60 days without, with forcing my daughter to live without a dad and calling that God's will right now. It's not true. Figure out a way to be around your daughter as soon as possible. As often as possible. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or recession business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time, insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Dr John. Delony. We're taking your calls at triple eight Eight two five five two two five. And with those calls we get a lot of voicemails, a lot of calls we can't take, but the producers they comb through painstakingly and find some of the best voicemails. And occasionally we'll do a segment called, sorry, we missed your call. And producer James has a few calls for us, a few voicemails lined up for us. James, can we play the first one? Here we Go. I have a question about a trust my family is involved in, and my wife and I just we're we're notified that grandma had passed away and, and left us one quarter of a multimillion dollar trust. And, but we're just feeling really weird vibes from her parents who basically felt like they got skipped in the inheritance of it and that we should give them the money back somehow.


Anyways, if would love to ask about what we should do with this money and how it would work. Thanks so much. Bye. Wow. So, oh man, that's good. Grandma passes. I love family trauma and says, Hey, the kids aren't getting jack squat. The grandkids are gonna get it. Yes. And so here's the deal, man, since, since there's only one side of this call, we can't ask any questions. The fact that their first response was, Hey, that's bull crap. We got skipped. Give us our money. Maybe a reason why grandma was like, I'm not leaving them any money, I'm gonna leave it to the next generation.


Yeah, well, especially, I mean, grandma clearly was doing well. Yes. Managing her money and creating this wealth. So there's a piece of me that says there is a reason, maybe it wasn't that the parents are mismanaging, I know, But it's more fun for me to create some drama. You know, we, we say, you know, maybe the parents who says, Hey, the parents, they're fine, they're older, they've got money. The kids, I want to give them a leg up as they begin their journeys as adults. Who knows what the reason is. But the the truth is, they can feel that all the weird vibes they want and be as mad as they want. But this was not your decision. Yeah. and I would not give them a penny of this money. You don't have to gloat and hold it over them. But this is not, it's, it's really not your money to give Grandma gave it to you. Yeah. I mean, I, I guess it technically is your money to give, but I I, I just wouldn't, I like what you said.


I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't just go buy a bunch of new cars and new houses and be like, woo hoo. Like I would be smart with it. I'd sit down with the smart investor pro and invest it wisely. but it, here's the thing, we're just feeling really weird vibes. I don't do really weird vibes when it comes to relationship If, you have a challenge, call me If, you have a problem, let's talk about it. Otherwise I'm gonna go do the next right thing. And grandma left you a quarter of a multimillion dollar trust. Be a wise, good steward of that money and use it as though grandmother's sitting at the table with you in ways that would make her smile and bring her, bring her peace. And this is your, your wife's battle with her parents to deal with. I wouldn't get involved as the son-in-Law.


No, but you can buy one of those electric hummers that the wheels turn sideways and they park themselves. They're kind of rad looking. That'll really make 'em angry. So that's what do do with it. Yes, I'd get with a smart vestor pro, obviously running through the baby steps, pay off your debts and invest for the future. And hopefully you can do the same for your grandkids one day, maybe skipping your kids just to keep the tradition going. I like the tradition, I like the every other One. We got another voicemail. James, you got one in the tank. All right, let's see what we got next. My wife and I are baby step seven and we owe nobody a dime. But I have several vehicles, two collector cars and a Kubota tractor that I need to take care of our seven acre property.


Do I sell my toys because they're worth more than my annual income, even though they're all paid for. And that's my question. We're investing everything the RAMSEY way. Thank you. Great question. So baby, step seven, meaning they have completed all the steps they paid off their house, they're building wealth giving generously, but he's got a lot of toys, the collector cars, the tractor, and they're Millionaires. Some of some of it we can agree is for fun. Some of it he's saying he needs to take care of this large property. And so I see no problem with this. I mean, we say, here's the parameter, that's why he's calling in. We have the parameter of, hey, everything with wheels and motors shouldn't add up to more than half of your annual income.


So let's say he makes a hundred grand and the toys are worth 120 total. We're going, whew, that's a lot of your world tied up in what we would say are depreciating assets, detractors not making the money. The collector cars aren't, may hold their value, may, who knows, the collected cars might be a little iffy on this one, several vehicles. So if it's weighing on him, I would say sell what you need to get the weight off your back. But as far as financials go, I mean there's nothing on fire here either. No. I and I think the weight is, he wants to do everything, quote unquote the Ramsey way. And we have this principle, I think the principle begins to dissolve when you become a millionaire and you're a multimillionaire and I, as Dave says, could you take one of those collector cars and set it on fire in the living room of your house?


And it would make a mess, but it wouldn't, it wouldn't hurt your net worth. Yes, you're good. Do you need a tractor to run your property? Yes. And so we're not selling the tractor. You've paid for it, you own it. It's in cash. It's a part of it. Making your life run. Let's don't, let's don't do that. If you, like George says, yeah, if those two collector cars kinda wait on you a little bit, sell one of 'em if you want to. But man, you're a millionaire. Y'all are there. You can now spend some money on some of these things and give your money away generously. Yeah. The goal of that principle, that parameter, is to allow you to make it through the baby steps to build wealth. Right? And so we don't know their net worth. You could be in baby step seven and not have a high net worth. So a lot could be true here.


There's a lot to dig into. So if you're on track for a great retirement and you have plenty of money to give, save and spend as you please, then I would say you're on track. But if you're going hoof, we're really not where we should be with our retirement. We could invest more. I might look at selling some of these to, you know, just get rid of the weight or Maybe you're what I would call a technical millionaire. The, the value of your home is a million dollars, but y'all are cash poor. Yeah. Sell the, sell the two collector cars. Your land might be worth a million, but you don't have anything in retirement. Right. There's no in Income. And it's not because of some secret Ramsey formula. It's you, you don't have the money. Yeah. Thanks for the voicemails. We appreciate it. I would Love a Kubota tractor. It sounds fancy that if you're, if you're mentioning the brand name tractor, I imagine it's like the Maserati of tractors.


Yeah. I have no idea To to I only know John Deere. John Deere is outstanding. You know, I'm, I'm mainstream when it comes to tractors. John Deere is outstanding. I do Kubota's. Yeah, I I I can, I can covet me a Kubota tractor. I would love one for my property. So yeah, you paid for it with cash. Rock and roll brother. There we go. All right, let's get to a call from Avery and Hartford. What's going on? Avery, get right to your question. Hey, how's it going guys? thank you for taking my call. Sure. My, my wife and I are currently discussing buying a large tract of un of Uncleared land to build a remote off grid cabin on, you're Speaking John's language now, Just in case it all goes down.


I'm with you. Alright. Alright. Yeah. And it's less so if we can afford to do so, we have the cash. Great. It's more, more so if it's the right time to do so. Okay. What's going on in your life that you think it may not be the right time? The goal was always to pay off the house aggressively. And, and so far we, we've been doing so, and this, this money was kind of sitting there to, to pay off the house. That was kind of the unspecified goal of the money and would be taking a, we have a hundred thousand dollars in a brokerage account that was supposed to go towards the, the remaining balance of the, the mortgage once we got to that point. But the Safest thing you can do, Avery, if it all goes down, is to have a house that nobody can take from You pay off your primary mortgage first.


What's left on the mortgage? Say, I'm sorry, say it again? What's left on the mortgage? $147,000. Okay. And what's the land gonna cost plus the cabin build? The, the full, the land is 30,000. The cabin itself is 20,000. The whole project would be about a hundred thousand. Okay. So walk this out. What if there's two scenarios. One is you aggressively pay down your house. So you take the a hundred thousand, knock your mortgage down to 47. How quickly could you pay off the remaining 47? It would be, it would be about few years. A few years. Two. Two years. Two years, okay. So two years from now you begin saving up for this new a hundred thousand dollars land and cabin project that I'm guessing could be done in another four years or less Presumably.


So, you know, with, with raises and Okay. Whatnot. Yeah, probably. So six years from now, how old are you? That would put me at 35. Both of us at 35. That feels like a more peaceful path to me personally. Is getting our primary house paid off, then we save up and purchase the toy and have this, this cabin dream. Is there gonna be less land? Is it gonna be maybe a little more? Sure. Have You ever lived in the woods? Dude, I've spent a lot of time in the woods. Yeah. Okay. I grew up in the woods. Have you, would you consider selling your primary residence to move to the woods? No. Okay. Yeah, I, dude, I've got, I just got a thing in my guts. I love the woods, but more so than the woods. I like having a house that nobody can ever, ever take away from me.


And Six years is gonna fly by. Yeah. As a hedge. And man, if it really means a lot to you, you can save up and get 30,000 bucks. I think y'all can knock that out. Thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey


Show. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals, only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over $7,000 of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today


From Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell joined by bestselling author Dr John Delony. And we're taking your calls at triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Don't be shy, give us a call and we'll help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Robert is gonna kick us off this hour in Chicago. Robert Welcome to The show you with us. Yes sir. I'm here. Hey How, can We help? Yeah, so basically what I'm wondering is, my wife and I, we bought a car in the, basically the beginning of Covid.


Got it. For a 0% interest rate, which was great. We, you know, I would consider ourselves living by the Ramsey, like paying off debt, you know, avoiding debt, saving up all the things. Was wondering if we were better off paying off the vehicle that we have with a 0% interest loan or just continue to pay it off because it's not costing us any money, you know? What do you mean it's not costing You money Before the loan? Like within, you're saying because the interest isn't there? 'cause that payment is costing you. Correct. There's opportunity cost in paying a payment. Absolutely. Okay. How much money do you have saved up?


Well, so that's the thing. We're buying another car this weekend, but we're doing it in cash. Okay. So not going into debt, but we have about 80 K saved up and then we'll have the delta of that would be basically our emergency fund. So just wondering if we dip into that or pay it off. Well What's, what would you consider your emergency fund? Gimme a number. 30 to 40 grand. Okay. So let's say you have 40 to spend on this car. What's your household income? Over 200 probably. Awesome. Okay. And what's this car gonna cost you that you're about to buy?


50 50,000. Okay. So it'd leave you with 30 for your emergency fund, 50 for the car. And what's your car worth that you, that you have the 0% loan on? So honestly we bought it brand new, so it was like 0% interest for seven years and we put a pretty good bit down on it. So I don't know what it's worth. It's a 2020 Jeep Grand Cherokee, but there's like 11,000 left on it. So we'd have it paid off. Okay. In March of 2027. Cool. Yeah, I mean I'd, I'd get rid of the loan. And the truth with these 0% loans are that they charge you top dollar. The dealerships are going to make their money and so there's a reason they can offer these 0% loans and they are the ones winning in the payment.


What is the payment on this car? 3 85 a month. So that 3 85 that you'll free up that you can now use to do whatever I'm guessing invest for the future will pay dividends more than paying down an asset that is going down in value. Totally fair. I mean, and I plan on having this car for at least another six years and hopefully longer. We are having a kid in the next month or so. So again, trying to like just figure, I know lots of adulting. So trying to figure out and Are you about to go buy a brand new car? This feels like you guys like brand new cars. You cannot settle for the 2023.


It's simply too old. Are you guys net? Do you guys have a net worth of a million dollars or more? No. Okay. I personally, I would caution you against pur purchasing a brand new car. Please Don't. It Will lose 10% of the value as soon as you drive it off the lot and 60% over the next five years. Think about it this way, when you own that Jeep Grand Cherokee, that's what you're lighting on fire in the parking lot of the car dealership when you drive off the new car because if you drove around the block and drove it right back and sold it, they'd buy it back for about 11 grand less. So that's what you're gonna light on fire in their parking lot. And you don't have the kind of money to do that, Dave Ramsey does. You don't. So the reason for that parameter of only buy a new car if you're a net worth millionaire is that too much of your world is wrapped up in cars until you have the net worth to stomach it.


And you guys are doing great. Let me just say, Robert, you guys are crushing it. you have an amazing income, you're gonna get this debt paid off and very soon you'll be, you can buy new cars for the rest of time once you hit that million millionaire status. But right now I would go, Hey, can we buy a 2-year-old car and save and the delta of what we save we can use to pay off my car. Instantly Done. You could have em both done this weekend Before we have the baby here. That would be a cool feeling, wouldn't it? Fair. Yeah, that makes sense. And there's a, there is a rumor going around that I can dispel for you. 'cause both, both George and I have lived it. New babies can drive around town in used cars and I didn't believe it to be true, but it's on the, because it says it on the internet, but both of our kids have done it, right?


That's right. All Of them. My wife, we got Robert when we had our first kid, my wife finally upgraded her car. We'd sacrificed for long enough, we paid cash for a nice car for her. And even then I was like, I'm gonna let someone else take the depreciation on these luxury cars. And so we saved upwards of, I don't know, 10 or 20 grand just by buying slightly used. But I, but I saw, I saw a child seat in your 300 year old Tesla the Other day. That's right. 11 years old and it still carries child. Amazing. So here's the deal, Robert, I would look at a 39,000 out the door price for this new to you car and I'd use the other 11 you were gonna spend and pay off your car today. Not the answer you were hoping for, but I, that's what I would personally, that's what John and I would personally do for our family.


That's what In our, in my, in my life, if I was in your, in your seat, I'd do that exact same thing. And a $40,000 paid for cash car is nothing to sneeze at. That's a nice car. Sure, Totally Fair. You're gonna do great with it. and I love the idea of a baby coming into the world with parents who make almost a quarter million dollars and they don't owe anybody anything. That's just a cool, that's it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a stress. A stress-free home or a stress. It's got less stress in it. Stress less free home. And dude, I, I just for that little baby's nervous system, man, it just seems like a pretty sweet gift. Hope that helps. I don't think it's what he wanted to hear, but it's what he Heard.


Fun. ruiner.com/org. Can we, let's see if we can help Grace out real quick. Grace, can you get right to the question? We're up against the clock. Hey. Hey guys. Thanks for having me. Sure. So after college I started with a financial advisor. I was making 70 5K and I got a million dollar term policy. Everything I read that was a good decision a year in, he says, oh, we're gonna, you know, start this new investment vehicle and we're gonna convert. and I didn't know it was a conversion, dropping my million to 700,000 and I've been getting into like emails with him and conversations and he is just anti me canceling the policy and taking it into Who is this person?


Investment. I I can disclose the name. No, I mean like, is this your insurance person? 'cause you should fire them. They work for you. Yeah. Fire them. I know. Yeah. So Surrender, get term life in place. Go go to xandr.com and get term life in place. They'll shop the top companies for you. Get term life back in place and then surrender the whole life policy and be very firm. I'm not asking you, I'm not looking for your opinion. I'm looking to surrender this policy. I'm done doing business with you. Yeah, Yeah. and I guess my, my thought is can I just, at this point, I'm, I can't contact him without him actually trying to sell me more whole life and more, more of a conversion at this point. Can I just go through the insurance company, surrender it, and then start investing in it and just kind of send him an email saying, I'm done working with you.


I'm tired of this. And I can, you don't have to make it emotional, just say, Hey, it's running the policy. That's it. I'm done. I've moved on. Yeah. I've got term life through a separate company. Yeah. And then I have like two other dis like I have a disability policy through him. I'm probably just gonna Get rid of all, Don't do business with unethical people. People yeah. Don't do business that wanna take advantage of what they see as an easy target in a young professional woman. I don't do don't, don't work with people who treat you like that. Good for you. Time to move on. This is The Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude and most of us have people in our lives that we're grateful for. One of those people for me is the wonderful Marilyn Fannon. She gave me a chance, she taught me poise and professionalism and she challenged me. But there's one person that we often don't take time to thank ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're barely surviving, or that we're moving forward, or that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything seems to have gone bonkers, it's not always easy to be grateful. So here's my reminder to thank the people in your life, including you. And sometimes to do that, we need some professional help. We need to talk to someone trained to help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season. That's why I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy and you can talk with your therapist at just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist, and you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost. This season. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr John Delony and is up next in Boston, Massachusetts L Stomping grounds. What's going on Anne? Hi. thank you for taking my call. Good afternoon. Good to have you. How, can We help? Yeah, so I've listened to your show for a very long time and I actually started following Ramsey in the 19, the early two thousands and, you know, succeeded in having some decent financial security. Good. And then, yeah, about five years ago, my husband suddenly passed away. Oh my goodness. And yeah, how old was he? And it was he 59.


Oh. So, you know, it was just a bummer because we were planning, you know, we had educated our kids, we were get making good headway on our finances at home. We were planning a future. So I went into like a state of just craziness, I don't know what you call it, but a very angry Yeah. An very angry And I actually donated a lot of money and I spent our emergency fund money and I charged up $37,000 worth of credit card debt. Wow. And so I'm back to replenishing my emergency money and I'm getting rid of my credit cards consolidating back to the baby steps.


But my question is, I have, I feel like my situation's so awkward because I have $1.1 million in my retirement account. Okay. I have, I'll have, you know, I'll be secure when I retire 'cause I'll have two pensions and And How old are you? I'm 63. Okay. So this is my question. I have two more years of working full-time and I plan on, I'd like to go part-time. I'm a nurse and I'd like to go part-time at 65. Should I plan to just, you know, go back to baby steps and, and pay off my credit cards with my working income now as fast as I can?


Or should I just take some money from my retirement and get that off my plate? Like I don't know which is the best way. What's your Total debt right now? 37,000. Do you have a mortgage? Yes. What's Left on that? But not, I'm sorry, I have 97. Okay. So when I, when I fully retire, I'll have that paid. That'll be paid in four years. Okay. So should you use your working income in the future to pay this off or take some outta retirement? It's not a lot. You're taking that 1.1 million and taking 37. I mean, the ratio here is small, but here's what I love about you. Using future income, you will never go into debt again when you have to make never those extra payments on those credit cards.


and I would, That's what I'm, I would encourage you to cut them up after. So from a mass standpoint, oh, you have that. You could take retirement money and pay this off today and be done with it. But I wanna see your habits change forever. And that's where paying off this debt with future income, you'll feel that more and I think adding friction back into your life is what's gonna cause you to make better decisions in the future. That's one man's take. Yeah. That's my gut feeling. But I'm like, am I being stupid financially though? 'cause I do have the money, but I do wanna make it uncomfortable for myself. I think discomfort is undervalued in today's world. Yeah. I think we've been comfortable for too long. Yeah. What do you think, John? Yeah. Yeah.


Anne, will you do me a favor? Yes. This is kind of a weird request. Okay. Are you holding anything in either of your hands? I'm, no, but I'm kind of nervous. I'm shaking my legs. Am I making a lot of noise? No, no, No, no, no. You're not doing anything wrong. I want you to take your hands. Yeah. And I want you to squeeze 'em as hard as you can together. Okay. Squeeze 'em really tight. Three. Yeah. Two. And then let 'em go. Open them up gently. Okay. And your shoulders are pretty high right now 'cause you're nervous. I want you to pull 'em all the way down. Consciously pull 'em down. Okay. Yep. Okay. Done.


What? Can you see me or something? No, I can hear you. We're always watching now listen to me. Listen. Okay. What was your husband's name? Bill. He just up and he up and passed away, didn't he? Yeah. And you missed him? My bloody hell. He was A great guy. Oh, he was my soulmate. Okay. Can I tell you, you're allowed to be mad at stinking bill and when you get to the gates, he's gonna get an earful from an That's fine. Okay. No. And can I tell you something? Yeah. He gonna be waiting there for you hollering at you to hurry up and quit taking so long. I Know. And can I tell you something else? What? When he passed away, the world got real gray and you bought some stuff.


Who gives a crap? Will you quit beating yourself up over that? I know I am. It's terrible. Today. Today we're done. If he was sitting right next to you, he'd say and quit. Oh my gosh. Quit talking about it, wouldn't he? Yeah. Yes. Yep. You messed up. And it was mostly for like my grandkids, my kids and I know, you know what you tried to do with your pain? You tried to be in service to other people. Good. I think of a lot of worse vices that you could have gotten into after losing an arm and a leg and part of your heart. Yeah. Okay. I know. So quit beating yourself up. You're a millionaire because of the life you and Bill created, you're gonna get this debt paid off.


You're not a scared of hard work. You're not scared of putting a couple of small hurdles in front of you. You're an amazing 62-year-old woman. Oh my God. This is such a nice phone call. It's not what I expected. I know. But listen, every day you weighed in to the craziness of hurting people and you bring them a little peace, don't you? Yeah. Okay. At least commit for the rest of today to give yourself that peace. 'cause you're worth that too. Thank you. You promise. I Really appreciate that. Yeah. Because financially I have felt a lot of shame. I know. No, dude, you know what happened? It's crazy if my wife up and passed away.


Do you know what happened? You would see the supernova from Boston. I can tell you right now, I would not make a string of good choices back to back to back to back. Yeah. Okay. He was such a good guy. Yeah. You, you do feel like you lost your better half. What was your what? What's the funniest, what's the hardest he ever made you laugh? Oh my God. He was always making me laugh. He used to dance around the house. You know, just, Whoa. And this is a family show. What are you doing? Yeah, he would dance around the house. Oh, I have all these funny videos of him. Yeah, he would, he is just, he was just a great guy.


Yeah. All right, well that joy and that light is still sitting inside your chest. and I want you to quit covering it up with shame. 'cause you spent some money and gave some money away after he passed away. Okay, we're done with that now. Yep. So paying off these credit cards with your future income. Okay. This is not a punishment to Anne because she's made bad decisions. This is a gift to herself. Yeah. I feel good with that. I feel really good with that because I, my husband and I worked so hard to save up that money and it would be like just very defeating if, you know, it would just make me feel bad that I took that money. I mean, I read, I read Dave Ramsey's first book in 2002 and I remember I was just a new nurse putting $10 a week into my retirement account thinking this can't possibly, this Isnt doing anything.


That much money. Then you got 1.1 million at 63 and you go, I, I guess it does something. It does. and I never stopped contributing. I never segued when the markets crashed. I just didn't even look at it. And one day I turned around and I had 800,000 in my account. I couldn't believe it. But of course it's been 39 years. So, but it that's right. It's been For, just for just this moment and I'm glad. Yeah. I'm glad that our path's crossed today. My my life is gonna be a little bit brighter 'cause I got to talk to you. Thank you so much. Great. And selfishly as a guy, guy from the South shore, I just miss a good Boston accent in and I know really did something for me.


If you were in a vid ba having a laga right now, it would make me feel a lot better. But I'm gonna eat some planned chow tonight. In your honoring. Yeah. Get some clam chowder for sure. Oh, that, that warmed my heart for Well, thank you. Oh great. Oh, I feel so much better. I'm, you know, even though I have to struggle and take for this, I feel much better with that decision. thank you dude. Dude, You thank you. You're doing everything right. You're on the right path, Man. Reading a new picture of what's next as my Dr. John Woods. It's not the one you had in your mind. Not the one you and Bill created, but everyone listening is, is proud of you. They're cheering you on for this next chapter of your life and you're entering into it with freedom. No debt with the beautiful memory of this man who, who made you the woman you are.


Thanks for the call in. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ Ramsey and get 15% off with promo code Ramsey field of greens.com/ Ramsey.


Hey Guys, George Kamel here. And it's that time of year again. The store shelves are packed with little Debbie's Christmas trees matching pajamas for you and your dog. You know who you are. And giant inflatable Santas for the yard. I'm not mad about that. And speaking of inflation, Americans are about to spend close to a trillion dollars this Christmas and get this one third of that spending will be swiped on credit cards. Yikes. Now I get it. You want the holidays to feel magical and you wanna have a good time. But trust me, there is nothing magical about staring down a mountain of credit card debt come January. So here's the deal. If you don't want January, you to hate December, you, I've got a money hack for you. Download the EveryDollar app. It's free to get started and you could find an extra $400 of margin in your first month of using it. See with EveryDollar, you'll keep your holiday spending under control. You'll track your expenses, you'll make a plan, you'll stay accountable and maybe even set yourself up with some sweet New Year goals. So skip the post-Christmas regret and download EveryDollar for free in the app store today. Your future self will. thank you.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr John. Delony. Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans. Defaulted meaning when the borrower can't make the required payments. So if that describes you and you've got private student loans, contact Why Refi, they can offer you a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Andrea in Arkansas. My husband's mom inherited the family hunting ranch. Oh, I would love to get this call one day, which is worth about a million dollars. Which husband and I pay most of the expenses. We use our personal equipment to maintain it and we are the ones who schedule and host hunters. I also handle all the bookkeeping. Andrea called me. So I told my mother-in-law that an LLC needs to be created for the amount of business we do. She met with her attorney and now the ranch is now only in hers and my husband's name. I feel like she's trying to cause a rift between my husband and me. I am Hmm. Trying not to judge their family history.


But every one of the other four kids are divorced. This seems to be her way of creating an easy way out of it. If we were to divorce, my husband and I have a strong relationship and he assures me not to worry because this will change nothing in our marriage. But I'm the one doing all the legwork and hoping this doesn't mess up our relationship. Am I wrong for voicing my opinion in this matter? What happens if my husband unexpectedly passed away? We have two questions. We have two kids that will need to be cared for and we earn nothing from the ranch. That those last four words tell me a whole lot. We are, that's really the resentment. She's putting a whole lot of work in. She's getting $0 for it and her name's not attached to it. So there seems to be that's all playing into this picture.


Yeah, there's a, this is a mess. They use their personal equipment to maintain it. They're the ones scheduling doing all the, she's doing the bookkeeping and she's the one handling telling the mother-in-Law to meet with this person. and I. I personally don't know the full story. I don't know if the mother-in-law's being malicious if this is really a strategic move. This was inherited family land and property. Right. That she inherited. So there the, the daughter-in-law doesn't have a right to this land. Correct. Even though she's doing work for, for this property. Right. and I. Yeah. So there's multiple things happening here. I think George, I think one of them is you're running a business that doesn't make any money. Stop. Stop running a business that doesn't make money.


Who is making the money? That's the question. The only thing I could think of. She said we earn nothing. So like the husband or she's not getting anything. The husband's not, is mom making all the money? Yeah. So if husband is using all of his tools and stuff like that to help 'cause he wants to help out mom and he's the one good kid. He's the, all the other kids are divorced and causing problems and he's the one good kid. So he's just going to dump some money into this thing. That's, that's one thing if if's mom's property and she wants to bring on your husband as a co-owner of an LLC in case she passes away, it's easy to go to him. I wouldn't lose sleep over that. But the fact that you're asking this question tells me there's something else going on here.


And if you had trust in your mother-in-law because of the way she has treated you in the past and this came up, you wouldn't think twice about it. Right. If my in-laws, one of my in-laws, my father-in-law or my mother-in-law was to do a joint venture with my wife that I helped with. I wouldn't think twice about it. 'cause I trust both of them implicitly forever. This tells me there's other trust issues and that moms maybe been trying to cut you up for a long time and this is another way she kind of ed anyway, whole thing's messy. So I would ask it this way, number one, if your husband likes hunting on this property and it's fun and he likes doing it and he likes to make a little side muscle, side money bringing in hunters in, y'all figure that out.


Even if you bring in side money and all it does is pay the taxes on the land and pays for the feeders, fine. If husband's trying to do this to win's mom's favor and maybe one day she'll leave it to him. Hopefully if she, nah, now we're getting into messy stuff. And if you're running a business that's not earning anything, y'all need to have that conversation. Yeah. Whole thing's a mess. But I wanna go back to this one question here. Am I wrong for voicing my opinion on this matter? If you are a part of a marriage where both people have a voice and both people can be heard and to say what's on their hearts and on their minds. No, no. If, you have voiced your opinion and your husband said, I don't care, don't worry about it.


Then nagging or complaining or going to war is not gonna solve the problem. Then your marriage has deeper issues, which is your husband doesn't gonna care what your opinion is on these matters. He's gonna do what he's gonna do. Y'all need to address that core issue. Right? Yeah. And talk to him. You said what happens if my husband unexpectedly passed away? Figure out what the will looks like and what the estate planning journey looks like and what will happen with this. The LLC that he's a part of. I would, I think you have a right to know what would happen there. But I also wouldn't, I feel like there's just more resentment here because of the effort she's putting in. Right. So maybe she goes, I'm gonna back outta this and y'all can hire a bookkeeper. That's exactly right. You can hire a book bookkeeper. You can hire somebody who is booking these hunts. I'm gonna step out and just be with the kids. There you go.


And it's not a job. It's not like we're gonna lose money on it. And y'all knock your lights out. If that's something y'all wanna do on the side, it's not Much to lose here. That's right. All right, let's go to the phones. Daniel is in Cleveland up next. What's going on Daniel? Hey. Hi. Thanks for guys for taking my call. Sure. How, can We help? So I'm 23 years old. My wife is 24. We have a three month old daughter. My wife stays at home. I'm a nurse. Our yearly income is probably around 60,000. We bought a house around six months ago. We have about $150,000 loan at like 5.6% interest I think.


So my question is we have about a hundred thousand dollars in our, in a high yield savings account. I mean it looks like we'll end up getting another a hundred thousand from like an inheritance basically within the next month. Awesome. We have zero debt. I'm just, I guess just like looking forward, I guess, should I be paying off my home and I just don't know exactly I guess what to do with the money. I just don't want it to sit there. Yeah. So the a hundred thousand in the high yield, does that include your emergency fund? Is that built into that? Yeah, that's built into that, yes. Okay. So what number would that be? Let's separate it out. I think probably around 20.


Okay. Thousand. So 80,000 is freed up. You've got a hundred coming in from the inheritance. You owe 150 on the mortgage. I would pay off the house as soon as that inheritance comes in. Okay. That's gonna lower your expenses. You've gotta stay at home wife. It's gonna free you up with more margin to build wealth to give to up the lifestyle, whatever it is you wanna do with that. But that's absolutely what I would do. Especially as you filter it through the baby steps. Are you guys currently investing 15% of your income? No, we're not. So I haven't invested anything yet. I'm just starting to try to, I honestly haven't listened to Dave Ramsey much other than in the last few months. Cool. Welcome To The cult brother. We're, we're glad you're here. That means you're trying to better your finances and, and your family's future.


So I love that. So I would begin, I'm sure as a nurse you have a retirement plan, right? Yeah, they're, I think they matched like, I think 4% on a 401k. So I need to do that. And then my wife actually has a Roth IRA that her father set up a long time ago. She hasn't put much money into it since then, but it has been building, Well you can deposit money into there because of a spousal Roth IRA. So even if that spouse isn't working, because you're married to, you know she's married to you, you can have, you know, that earned income from you going into that account. So you could max out two Roth IRAs. You could put the 4% to get the match and invest that way. And I'll walk you through this in my book, breaking free from broke and show you that path to building wealth.


So I'll send you a copy of that. But the, the SparkNotes here is, I'd get that house paid off. What's your mortgage payment? It's around 1,200. Okay. So I'm guessing principal interest of is a big chunk. Oh yeah. I mean I think we're paying $800 in interest. Just the way that they set up the, you know, the, the loan Dude, what A gift. So most are to be 23 and 24 and not a payment in the world with plenty of money in the bank. If you just keep living like that, you are going to be a multimillionaire giving very generously. You, you Know what, if you pay the house off tomorrow, you just got a raise to $72,000 a year.


Yeah. Because of the, and it makes sense. I mean I guess like for us, I'm just feel like I'm at a somewhat of a pivotal point because I'm just don't know exactly what I wanna do. I also am thinking about going back to school to try to increase obviously our yearly income. I'm really hoping my wife can continue to stay home. Well No house payment with money in the bank. You can cash flow you want, can do anything school. And it'll give you the margin to do that without needing seven side jobs. So you can be there with those young kids. Bro, you Don't have a house payment. This is a great place to be. You won. You won. If you don't screw this up and go take out stupid student loans because Well, if you're an anesthesiologist and you can, don't take out any loans. Grind it.


Take this extra money and spend it. Invest it in yourselves, bro. George, you're right dude. You won. You Won. If you never have a payment again at 23 years old, you're gonna be just fine my man. Thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


Folks. The Ramsey Christmas cash giveaway is here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr John Delony Open phones at Triple Eight Eight two five five two two five.


We just launched a brand new tour with Dave Ramsey and Dr John Delony. They're hitting the road with the money and Relationships Tour. They're going to Louisville on April 21st, Durham on April 23rd, Atlanta, April 25th, Phoenix on May 5th, Fort Worth on May 7th and ending in Kansas City on May 9th. And here's what's cool about this event. I don't know how they're doing it, John, but they're gonna let the audience choose the topics that you guys talk about. Do you know how they're doing this? What magic, what sorcery is this? Well, yeah, it's gonna be pretty chaotic. I'm just, I, I'm laughing. You and I are one of just a few people on the planet who knows what it's like sitting next to Dave not knowing what he's gonna say next and not knowing what's gonna come out of his mouth. And then he looks at you and says, John, your turn. Yep. And so yeah, I haven't been nervous for an event in a fun way. Like it's gonna be kinda wheels off. Who Knows what's gonna happen. Yeah. But I'll put a QR code up on the wall and they'll have topics and people get to write in And we kind of just vote and then based on consensus And then it's, it is game on. We can talk about intimacy or wealth building. That's right. Whatever. Who Knows? Talk about retirement and sex and marriage communication and Where else can you get that in one room and one night. That's amazing. Oh man. Wild. Grab your tickets Money and Relationships Tour Dave and Dr. John Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. And if you're tuning in on YouTuber podcast, click the link in the show notes.


Madison is up next in Hartford, Connecticut. What's going on Madison? Hey, so I wanna thank you for taking my call. Sure. So I am currently 24. I just started my second nursing job after graduating college. Awesome. I'll preface by saying that I am in some debt, forgot from going to school and like a car loan, but with benefits and them being so overwhelming and confusing, I do have a few questions. Okay. So with my employer, they have a 6% match on my retirement. And even though I have some debts, I assume that I should contribute that amount. Be Careful with assumptions. I know, right. Okay.


But, and I guess depending on the answer to that question. My second piece is, is they offer it as like pre-tax or in a Roth? Yep. I I guess if you wanna, I can stop there. The second part's kind of something different as another benefit. Okay. So your number one question is, should I contribute to this even though I have debt? Yes. Okay. The not fun answer is that I would pause all investing until you knock out all of this debt for two reasons. Number one, it's gonna give you back 6% of your annual income to tackle the debt faster. Right. Okay. And number two, it's gonna put a fire under you to get rid of that debt really fast because you want to get to that investing and get to that free money.


And as humans we kind of need to have this carrot dangling in front of us. Otherwise we get comfortable doing 17 things and not making progress on any of it. For sure. So what, what is your household, your gross income? Personally we have 70 before overtime. 70. Okay. So 6%, that's 4,200 a year. That's three 50 a month. So you'll have three 50 back in your paycheck to attack debt. What's your total debt load? About 20,000 in student debt and 12 in a car loan. Okay. So you got 32 in debt, you make 70. How aggressively can, can we pay this off? My guess is 18 months.


Yeah, I'd say I paid 10,000 off my car last year. Boom. So like I, if you get aggressive, That'll be a little bit next time Next year if you do at George and John's way, this debt is gonna be gone at 18 months. So that puts you at 25 years old and now you're investing 15% instead of the measly match, which is what most people do for their whole life. They can never get above the match. They don't have the money. Right. For sure. So now imagine you're making more money, you're investing 15%, which is 10,500. So now you're investing 8 75 instead of three 50 for the rest of your life. So when it comes to that time, 'cause 18 months we all know just flies by, it'll, should that be in the like pre-tax retirement or the Roth?


I would personally go Roth. And it's a simple reason you're gonna use after-tax money. So you, you won't get the deduction on your, you know, when you do your taxes like you would with traditional side, but that money you already paid Uncle Sam. So it's gonna grow tax free and you can withdraw it tax free. Yeah. So If, you have, let's say you retire, I'm gonna say you're 24 year years old. Let's say you start investing at 25, you work till 62 and you never get a raise after putting in that, you know, 8 75 or whatever. Well guess what, you're gonna have $5.4 million and if you're in traditional, you've gotta pay taxes on that money as you withdraw it. But if it's Roth you have $5.4 million of take home pay of net income. You see the difference? Oh for sure.


And that's why I was confused whether I should start now even though it wouldn't be 15%. And that's my, like my fiance and i's, finances are totally separate. Good As it should be. He's like, until you're married don't combine next. Can I ask, Can, can I ask you a crazy question Madison? Sure, go for It. Have you, and, and you've been in job one and now you're in job two. Have you been in a room when a doctor flew by and said do this, this and this and your first thought was, ah, Oh for sure. That's why I'm on the phone with you now. There you go. So here's what I, here's what I want. I'm gonna come to you as a nurse one day holding the most precious thing in the world to me and that's my daughter.


Or I'm gonna come in holding my son and I'm gonna be using super human strength 'cause he's humongous and I'm gonna look at you, I'm gonna say help. and I would much rather make eye contact with somebody who's completely free, doesn't owe anybody anything who can say I can help your kid. I would much rather that interaction than somebody who says, oh well we're gonna have to run you through the whatever spectrometer because this is the plan because you know, I gotta pay these credit card bills and I gotta follow the, you see what I'm saying? Oh for sure. I want a health professional that is free to do the right thing in the right moment.


Not somebody's gotta think through a whole bunch of filters because a bank owns their next move. And so I want you to think about being 26 and 25. You don't owe anybody anything. You know what you can do the next day, whatever you want. And then after that, eh, whatever you want. Perfect. You see what I'm saying? And then George, George gave you the hundred percent, George just gave you the roadmap, dude, just your salary alone, $5 million. And that's, if you never get a raise, which you sound like you're an incredible nurse, you're gonna go places, you're gonna make more money over time. We'll always need nurses.


And so that's just goes to show you if you can, if you get this debt outta your life, it's gonna free up margin for the rest of your life. Yes. Okay. Definitely. And so you'll save up to pay cash for your next car. You'll never go into student loan debt again. You'll cut up the credit cards. You use your own money 'cause you don't need a bank. You don't need a lender. Oh for sure. Never touch your credit card. Don't plan on it. Awesome. Okay. But There's gonna come a moment when you're gonna want to go. Someone's gonna, at your office is gonna say, Hey, we have this little program. It costs $25,000 or $50,000. You can go be a nurse practitioner. We want you to, we, we've seen you, we want you to do it. And it starts in the fall. I want you and your husband to be in a place where y'all have that money saved up. 'cause you know that he is gonna come. So start saving for now.


Okay. You said you had one more question. I don't wanna leave you hanging. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So the second part, I I I, I kind of get the gist now, but it was the HSA that my work offers as well. So they, they contribute every year, seven $50 when an HSA to anybody that takes a health insurance plan. Awesome. And a hundred percent do that so Well, yeah. So obviously the free money is super smart. My other piece is, is so I have approximately like a hundred dollars in medical bills that are like that I could use SHSA for every month. Yeah. Due to like a predisposed condition. And so I'm wondering if like, I know I shouldn't be investing and I know at a thousand dollars I can be vested and so on and I and I'll have this bill, these medical bills at approximately a hundred dollars a month for the rest of my life.


So should I, I from, I guess I'm asking should I be putting enough in there to pay for my a hundred dollars a month so that it's coming out pre-tax? Sure. Yeah. That, that'd give you the most benefit. Okay. I just wanted, It's gonna be A light bill for you. It's, it's like getting a 15 or 20% discount on that bill every month by running it through HSA And then eventually should be after this debt is cleared, be contributing more To that max the whole thing out. Yeah. My goal for you would be once you've got 15%, you're debt free, you got the emergency fund, then beyond the 15% retirement investing, max out your HSA every year as a kind of a bonus retirement account one day.


And at 65 you can use it as a traditional 401k for non-medical expenses. You'll have to pay taxes on that if it's not for medical. But that's kind of a cool fund fact about the HSA. So a great call. Madison, I'm proud of you. 24 years old to be asking these questions tells me that you're gonna be just fine. And I'm really proud of you. Get your fiance on board and you guys will be going places and building wealth together. This is The, Ramsey Show. Keep listening on The Ramsey Network app. We've got more calls to come. Go download it.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad. Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.