
From The Ramsey Network, it's The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is Dr. John Delony, and we're taking your calls. We're talking about your life and your money. We're helping people build wealth, do work that they love and have amazing relationships. This is a live show. You can give us a call if you want to call in. The number is eight eight eight eight two five five two two five. And we'll try and get you on the line and try to hook you up with the advice that you need. Alright, John, you ready to do this? Let's go, let's go straight to the phone lines. We've got Jody in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. What up, Jody? Hi, how are you Doing? Great. How can we help today? Hi. Well, I'm, oh, I can't believe I called in and I'm doing this. But anyways, I am in a very emotionally abusive, emotionally and financially abusive relationship.


I've been with him for 18 years. We have a 9-year-old daughter, And, I need out And I. I, I start trying to figure out plans. And I like will research this and research that. And then I'll put this in order and then I, and I become this paralyzed whirlpool of this. Is, I, you know what I'm saying? Like, I could probably help other people, but my brain and I'm just emotionally exhausted too. So I. Don't think that helps. What Hap so what happened, Jody? Something happened that said, you said this is enough. What happened? You know what? I think I have a blood clotting disorder.


Okay. And I had a blood clot at the beginning of the summer, a a deep vein blood clot in my leg. And they are incredibly painful. Also, potentially life threatening. I've had a couple of ones. I had one in my pelvis after my pregnancy that came close to damaging my heart. I had some in my lungs, things like that. So it's a really serious thing. And I am sitting on the recliner and he comes home from work and starts screaming at me to get off my lazy butt that I'm on his chair and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I mean. That's just one example. And I mean. My daughter, And I are both staring at him. And I said, I dunno why you think you can talk to me like this.


And I mean I, you know, like it's a big deal. Yeah. My blood clot is a big deal. And I just, I've been done before. And then things happened. And I allowed my plans to become derailed and everything like that. And So I. Okay, do me a Favor, write, do me a favor right now, Jody, where is all of this in your body? Is it in your chest? It's okay. Take your fist and put it in your chest right now. Take a humongous deep breath real big, and then exhale it out. Drop your shoulders as low as you can go.


Pull 'em down. Okay. Okay. And here's why we're doing this exercise. This is what happens inside your mind too. Yeah. When You start researching stuff, isn't it? It spins faster and faster and faster and faster. Yes. And then it feels chaotic. And then your daughter comes in and says, Hey, can you help me with my lunch tomorrow? And then you're off to the next thing. And this thing never resolves itself and it just spins faster and it gets heavier and heavier. Yes. The only way I've learned and, and, and I'm like you, I get pretty emotional, got a heart. I don't have anything like what you're dealing with at home, but when I get emotional, I spin And, I go faster and faster and faster. And the only way I have learned to be able to walk through those things is with other people.


I have been gathering my friends and family, I've kind of explained where I'm at. But listen to me, you're doing a lot of, you're using other people and you're using your internet searches as Xanax, Yesss. You need to find Somebody. And that's why calling. I want a practical plan. You need to sit with a, a lawyer that you are paying Yes. That you are on the clock with. Because that will force you to laser in and say, what do you want to do next? Otherwise, you just have a bunch of people that you talk to and talk to and talk to and talk to and talk to. And you've got, you've gotta have a, you've gotta have a gang. You gotta have people that will listen to you and that will sit with you and will show up with casseroles. But you need to have somebody who will say, here's what happens if you do a, here's what happens with B And someone that will walk you through step by step Here is legally and practically what happens next.


Yes. And there'll be financial ramifications, there will be custody ramifications, there will be all sorts of ramifications. Yes. But I want you to stop spinning and sit with somebody. And by the way, and some attorneys aren't people of character, and they'll take your money, they'll let you spin all day long and they'll just put you on the clock. Most of the ones I've ever met with care deeply about their clients. And they will say, okay, if you're hiring me to go to war's, go to war. Yeah. So I'm gonna ask you, what's your next move? I I will, well, lawyer retainer. Okay. I have a friend who said that she would help me get the money. I have no money. I have nothing in My name. Well, that's, that's my next question is, and that's my fault. Yeah. What does this mean for you?


'cause you've gotta eat. I'm Yes. And I met with an employment specialist. Okay. I had gotten a therapist and a psychiatrist because I was depressed. And I was undiagnosed A DHD for many years. And So I, you know, And I. Tell me about Your job. Tell me about your job. Oh, she's so awesome. But, but this is, this is why I need to go. This is taking its toll on her. Okay. And as he was sitting there yelling at me, I'm like, I don't want her to think that. No, No. I'm, I'm sorry. Tell me about your job way should treated not your child. Tell me about your job. Oh, whatcha you gonna do for money? I'm sorry. If you leave, how are you gonna eat? Yeah. And where are you gonna live?


I told the employment specialist we're meeting next week to help me with my resume. Okay. And I am, my heart is in the nonprofit world. However, I told them that my first priority is to make enough money for me to be able to live on my own and support my daughter. There you go. Have you ever done that before? Lived on my own. Yes. Okay, Then you can do it Again. Well, kind of as a student. Yes. Okay. I know I can do this, but that's the thing. Like, I know that I can do this. I keep tripping myself up. I know I'm worse, more and more than anything. And the reason I'm willing to accept help from my friends and family financially is that I owe my daughter more.


And part of the reason that I've been also kind of not putting it off is I know, I know he's gonna make it so ugly. And I know he's gonna drag her in it. But I tell myself he's already dragged her in it. Yeah. And I've allowed it. And in leaving him, I, I think, I hope that that means I'm not dragging her in it, I'm dragging her out of it. And if he continues to drag her in it, I will just have to do my best to my daughter. So Let's solve, kill my daughter. Let's solve that problem. When we get there, let's do the next right thing in front of us. And Jade's gonna walk you through the four walls. But these are the things I want you to put on a list.


And. I want you to sit down with a trusted friend or an, or a, a a couple friend that you trust that you can walk through what this actually means. 'cause these have to be real numbers. They can't be feelings and thoughts. They have to be real numbers. And. I want you to sit with an attorney. And if you need to leave and go stay with somebody 'cause your home's not safe, then do that right now. Like today, Physically I'm safe. Okay? I am physically safe. I really do believe that. Okay. But not mentally. Okay. Yeah. You know, when you get, when you make that leap and you, you know, walk out of this thing, the thing that you're gonna have to focus on first is just making sure that you can pay for your shelter. Like you've gotta find a place you can live that you can afford. After that, it's utilities. After that it's food.


After that, it's transportation because you need to be able to get to work and back. Right? And so those four things before you get off the line today, we're gonna get you set up with EveryDollar and, and totally for free. So that you can, you use that you can start budgeting, you can start looking at what your life is gonna look like financially. I think that you making this choice. I know you said you were worried about dragging your daughter through it, but she's also gonna see something really great of a woman who says, I'm not gonna be treated like this. And I get to decide. And she's gonna take that and carry that with her. And it's gonna mean a lot for her. So, Ooh, tough stuff. Good job, John. We're blessed. We we're, we're praying for you. This the ranch show. Call back anytime


These days. It's not if your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt. Then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft, and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more. Call 803 5 6 42 82.


You are listening to The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw joined by Dr. John Delony. Today as we take your calls, you can give us a call. Number's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Get in where you fit in.


Hey guys, all the time we're talking about the steps and the changes that you need to make in order to change your money, your career, your mental health, even your relationships every single day. Because we know none of it is happening by accident, okay? It takes intentionality to do this. It takes hard work. So here's how we're gonna come alongside you and help you. We're excited to announce that today we're having a one day today only. You, you, you flash sale. You can get fan favorites for $10. Now, like I said, these are things that are going to help you do all the things that we tell you to do. So, for instance, I've got 'em right here. We've got Baby Steps millionaires. We're talking to you about the importance of building wealth. This book is gonna show you how to do it. It's $10. We've got books by Rachel Cruz. Know Yourself, know Your Money. You can explore your behavior and see how it's the biggest obstacle to you making good choices with your money. You can take a closer look at your behavior. It'll help you look at your belief systems around money. This is a banger. You need to get that one $10 or books like my, my Guy right here. Own Your Past. Change Your Future by Dr. John Delony. I mean, this is great. You have the five steps that will help you plan to live a happy and healthy life. That's a good one. $10, John. This book should be like $100. That's What I'm saying. But you know What I'm saying, love. And of Course I love it when Dave sells our books for cheap. He cuts our commissions way to go D Money. Well then, you know, you got books by my guy Ken Coleman, from Purpose, from Paycheck to Purpose. And that's gonna help you if you're, you know, kind of in a career situation. If you feel stuck, if you feel you're in a drought, if you're feel like you're just clocking in and clocking out, Ken is the guy that will help you break free. And so again, one day only, this is a one day only sale flash sale today only you can get these sort resources, really tools that you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash sale. Or you can click the link in the description. If you're listening on YouTube or podcast. Don't wait guys. The sale ends today. When the stock market closes the, I don't know if it's at five o'clock, at 11 11 50 9:00 PM Okay? I feel like one of those floppy guys in front of a car dealership. The wacky wavy. A wacky wavy. Is that what they're called? They're called these. There we go. At 1159. Don't, don't put the camera on me For that Thursday, August 22nd. Make it happen. 10 bucks. Go get 'em. Y'all don't wanna see my wacky wavy, they refuse there. It's, They cut away. I know they don't. Nobody wants to see that.


All right, let's go two numbers. We should start a band called the Wacky Wavy. I like it. That's an amazing band. Slide guitar. Slide guitar. Okay, let's go. Natasha is in Kansas City, Missouri. What's going on Natasha? Hi guys, how are you? Good. What do you think about the band name? Wacky, wavy? Oh, I don't know. I'm probably not the right person to ask. That means we're onto something. I'm not a musician. I'm not a musician. I don't know. Well, how can we help you today? Well, So I just wanted to, I listen to the show all the time. Longtime horse litter. First time caller. So my husband, And I have several rental rental properties.


And a couple years ago we bought a property with the idea that his mom, who was in the midst of a divorce, could live in that house. And obviously we didn't wanna dictate anything for her, but she's been living there and she, I think would like to stay, which we're totally fine with. But she has approached us about maybe putting an addition on the house. And I think it's fine. I want, we, we desperately want her to be happy and, you know, we want it to be a blessing to her. But we've never had a business partner in any of our, like, rental properties. And So I feel a little bit weird with the idea of her paying for some portion, even though I know she's living in the house.


So, I. I just wanted to make sure, like I'd love to just like give her the green line. We really would be tickled honestly, if she, it's a blessing to her and she stays forever as far as we're concerned. But is there anything I'm not thinking of? Yeah, you know, that I should I mean. Listen, I love your heart on this. I think that you love your mother-in-Law. You want, you know, to her to feel like the place is hers. It's not hers, it's yours. Is she paying you rent or do you let her live their rent free? No, no, she's not paying us rent. I mean, we did, we obvi, we we vetted the property as a rental with the idea that if she didn't like it, we would rent it out. Okay. 'cause we do have other rental properties that's part of our portfolio.


So you're just using the other properties to, to float this one? Or is it paid for in cash? Yeah. Well, so what, so we will have this property paid off by the end of next year. Great. And we have one other, we have, we have a total left of mortgages between our three. Between three of two are paid off. Great. Five total properties. They'll, they'll all be paid off in the next probably three and a half years. So then back to this idea of the addition on the house, I think, because here's where I think, I think if you let her pay for this and something happens because no, you know, nobody knows what's around the corner. Right. There's gonna be some feeling that it's her house.


And I put this money into the addition and it just feels like it could get very messy very quickly. Even if you put it in writing. Which, if you decide to do this, definitely put it in writing the amount that she's putting into it. What would happen if the house were to sell or if she were to move, how does she get her money back? That sort of thing. But more than that. You Wanna know what I would just do. It's your house. If you want an addition on it, just put an addition on it. That's what I would do. Well, That's what I was one, that's what I was wondering. Should we just pay for Yes, And I would, and It's not worth your relationship with your mother-in-Law because here's what's gonna happen. You like what? By the way, what's this addition for? So it, it's a cute little starter house, but I think she'd like a house that has more room for her grandkids to be over.


I mean, I, I real and honestly, it, it's in a great neighborhood. We bought a little house with plenty of room. Like a lot of people in the area have done additions, So, I. Think there's plenty of upsides financially to doing the addition. But I did, I have like this little bit of angst, like should we just pay for it? Yeah. 'cause here's what's gonna happen. Fire what She Wants. You're gonna pull out, you're gonna pull out the back wall and you're gonna find a ton of termite damage. Yeah, exactly. Nicer kitchen. And then she would like, she wants the washer dryer upstairs, so when she gets older, it's not an issue. Yeah. Which I totally, yeah, makes sense. What what about just moving her to one of these other houses? I was gonna ask that same thing. So the other properties that we have, we did offer to her initially when we, when she was moving and she wasn't keen.


Some of the, they're, they're all stairs. They all have stairs. Okay. So this is the only, this one is a, a single family, nice little ranch. What's it gonna cost You in a great neighborhood To do the addition? We haven't even looked, but I, I'm guessing I would, I would guess we wouldn't pay more than like a hundred. Do you have cash? It's a, it's a two, it's a $200,000. Well, we won't do it if we don't have cash, but we, we would talk. I Love how you said that. You're like, listen, I would not, I would not take her money. I would keep this clean. This is y'all's place and only It's in our trust. And we, and we're in a, we're in a really good financial spot. We, I mean, we're, we're worth several million dollars now we're 38. Yeah, you are.


Yeah. Good job. If y all feel like you wanna do this, I would, I would pay, I would pay for it. And I would not take her money. And I would tell her, Hey, thank you so much for offering, but I want you to, we want you to live to be 125. And so we wanna make sure you can afford all the way down and we've been blessed and we can do this. And just keeps everything so clean. And it's not you I'm worried about It's not your husband, it's not her. It's, it's your, the unknown brother-in-Law who has a gambling debt that you don't know about that turns to sue. Hey, just, we would not have a job if every family acted like you and your husband and your mother-in-Law. Yeah. It always goes sideways. And if every contractor was honest and no trees fell through houses and So, I would just keep lines as clean as possible or deed her the house, give it to her and say, this is Merry Christmas.


And just make sure you put it in your will that we get it back and do that. Give it away to her. That's Pretty Cool. But I, oh, That's an idea. I keep the lines as clean as possible. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's why we've, like I said, we've never had business partners or anything for that reason. It's like, yeah, we're wouldn't we're the entity or the engine. Even, Even when people call and they've done all the paperwork and they've written it the right way, there's still something that causes saltiness or animosity. And that's why I said before, even if you were to do all of that, it still doesn't make up for the, the feelings that ensue after the fact. And so I'm with John, I would either pay and have this addition put on with your own a hundred thousand dollars cash or I would deter the house and say, Hey, really this is our gift to you.


Whatever changes you wanna make, it's yours free and clear. I I like that idea. You guys have done really, really well. And this is the stuff that we talk about. You know, you live like no one else later. You're able to to, to give like no one else. And this is giving on a whole nother level. Yeah. And, I just don't wanna see next Christmas. There's a lot of tension because she's doing something to your house with money. She doesn't ha Oh man. Just don't keep the lines clean because you love each other. Yeah, I like that. This is The Ramsey Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


What's going on? You're listening to The. Ramsey Show. My name is Jade Warshaw. Next to me is Dr. John Delony. If you don't know now you know, you guys need to know about Dr. John. John, tell him about yourself. My name's John. My friends call me John. Yeah, dude, my friends call me John. My wife calls me John. Does anybody call you Johnny? My kids call me old man. No, I wanted to be Johnny 'cause a karate kid, but never stuck. Is it short for Jonathan? Nope. John, I think they were gonna call me Jonathan and my mom said when I was born, I just looked like a John. So she, she Just, John she called it. All right. I like it. All Right. She Called it. Well he's the guy that's going to take the calls about your relationships. If you're dealing with things going on in that side of things, mental health world, wellness world.


He's got you covered. I'm here for the money side. So if you wanna call us, the number is eight eight eight eight two five five two two five. If you didn't know it's a live show. And so we'll get you on. Let's go to the phone lines. Oh, before we do, let me just say John And I have jobs because of you guys. So we're really grateful that you listen to the show. That you listen on podcasts, that you log in on YouTube, that you pull it up, you know, you turn the radio, dial some of you and you listen to us on the radio. And we're really grateful for that. So if you could do us a solid here and wherever you listen to the show, like it, subscribe and share. If you can do those three things, it'll cost you like two seconds of your time.


And we'd be so grateful because when you do that, not only does it share the show with other people, but it makes the show more accessible, the way the internet works and the way all these things work together. So that would help us a lot. We know that you already do it. Keep doing it is what I'm trying to say. Alright, let's go to the phone lines. We've got Nick in Chicago, Illinois, shy Town. What's going on Nick? I, hi. I was just calling because my wife, And, I are trying to save for a house and I've talked to her about having a budget and for some reason she says that we can stick to a budget. And, I have like just used my notes app on my phone and talked about it with her, but it seems like it's like $10 here, $20 here, $50 here, and it adds up.


And I don't think she really realizes it. So I'm just calling to like, ask how I can, like, talk to her, talk to her about it in a way where like she can get on board and then like how she can like, stick to the budget that I'm wanting to stick to, if that makes Sense. So there could be two things at play. It could be that the budget is not quite realistic enough. It could be, I don't know. I always say that budgets should be three things detailed, realistic, and flexible. So just that first pass here, there's part of me that thinks it's probably not hitting the, the mark in one or more of those areas.


Did you tell me that you're using the Notes app to budget or you're using the notes app to decide what to say to her? No, we've just written down like all of our expenses. Gotcha. And then like all of our, how much we make and then all of our expenses per month. Okay. So that's another part of this. You know, having the right tool is what's going to make budgeting something that you can stick to and that you can do for the long haul. It makes it more enjoyable. It's really hard to stick to a budget that's written just in the Notes app. I'm, I'm just gonna tell you that So I think, I think here what we need here is the right set of tools and the right set of parameters and how to work the tool. So before you leave today, I'm gonna get you set up with EveryDollar.


It's the best budgeting app there is because on it, it's not a notes app. It's, it's a really great app that you can have on your phone. It's on her phone, it's working with you in time. So if you make a purchase on your phone, she sees it on her phone. And it's something as simple as, Hey, I'm going to the grocery store. I, I just need to see how much we can spend. And you open up the app and it says $300 and you're like, great. And then when you make that purchase at the grocery store, you spend $50, it automatically goes into the app and now you can see now I only have $250 left to spend. So it's gonna do that math for you and it's gonna keep you guys on top of your numbers. I think that's gonna go a really, really long way. And then it's going to help you to see, okay, the numbers that we said, are they accurate?


Like does this actually work with our life? Because it's possible Nick, that she's going over budget because what you've said is just not a realistic amount. Could I be right about that or Yeah, possibly. I just feel like, I feel like just her, like knowing like how much is left or how much we like is in the budget to like go out to eat and stuff like that. Like we have like a budget for that, but I feel like it always goes over. But it's also a notes app. So you're constantly like, it's almost like a, an old school ledger that you're having to Yeah, No, I get what you mean. Like the app or whatever you're talking about, I feel like, seems like something a lot more practical.


Do y Do y'all do this budget together or do you sit down and sit? Or do you tell Her I I sat down originally and wrote it out. Yeah, you did. And then we sat down together Yeah. And looked at it together and went over it together and agreed like, hey, this is not right, this is right. And then we should change a few things. Okay. But that didn't seem to work. How long have you been doing that? Six months. Okay. I give EveryDollar a try and see if it helps. Next thing I Wanna know is the area that she's go, the areas that she's going over, is it the same area as every month? Yeah, it's mostly just shopping and eating out. So you're both eating out or only she's eating out Or She'll typically on like her lunch break from work, she'll eat out.


Got you. Okay. So she's going out for lunch. And then what's the other area you said? Shopping? Like for clothes, like Shopping. Okay. Yeah. So next question is what baby step are you guys on? We're debt free and we don't, we're, we're pretty much saving for a house. We don't have any debt. How Much have you saved so far? Are we renting? What? How much have you saved so far for the house? 24,000. Okay, good. And what's the goal? We're trying, trying to get it as high as possible, but our goal was originally 80,000. Okay. And our, it hasn't really changed like the past like four months.


We haven't really made any progress on saving more. Okay. Let me ask you this. I'm just trying to get to the core because I don't, I don't wanna say anything that's not quite right. How long did it take you to pay off your debt and save up to three to six months before you started this? Most of it was done, most of it was done by me before we had gotten married. So, I feel. I I we didn't, she didn't have any debt. I paid off my debt before we got married and Okay. So she didn't have debt. She comes into this and it's like, we're in saving mode basically for the whole ranch. Okay. Nick, you keep saying we, there's no, we here.


You paid off debt. You, you billed a budget, you wanna buy a house. She wants to eat lunch with her friends and buy clothes. Yeah. Can I also ask another, but she tells me probing question. She wants to buy a house. She tells me she's so passionate about it, she can't wait to do it. She wants to do it, but Yeah. But behavior's a language. So she's being pretty clear about what she really believes. What is the clothing budget? What is the food? The out to eat budget, Like we've said, like a hu for like eating out for her. We said once a week go out and eat And, I said like $10 a week, once a week.


That's what we agreed on. So $40? Yeah. And then what's the clothes? $40 a month. And what's the shopping budget? And. I or, and then we had originally agreed on going once a month shopping with a $50 budget of that. Okay. And what's you guys' income combined? What's your combined income? 100,000. Okay. I think that she feels a little suffocated. She's like, we make a hundred thousand dollars a year. I'm working, he's working. I wanna spend more than $40 on restaurants and maybe I wanna spend, so when she goes over shopping, I'm trying to meet in the middle. 'cause I'm not saying she's right and I'm not saying she's you're wrong. When she goes over budget for clothes, how much does she go over?


Like she's spending like $300 a month the last few months on clothes. Okay. She's tripping a little bit. Let's be honest about that. So maybe it's, Hey, I noticed you're going over $50 isn't cutting it. Can we go to one 50? Can we go to, can we go to 100? Try to meet her in the middle? Because what I think, what I think could be happening, and John you could pop in here, but I think she's like, we don't have any debt. Like we've got three to six months of savings. I don't wanna feel so tight. I want a house, but I don't wanna feel so, so tight there that might be going on. Try to meet her halfway on that. And other than that, it's you guys sitting down and having a, a big kids conversation about do we want a house or do we not want a house? And maybe it's you rolling out the numbers and saying, Hey, if we keep going at this rate, we're not gonna have a house until the year 2034.


You know what I mean? And it's just you being honest about what's actually going on and then, you know, see, see where it goes from there. It's not easy. These conversations are not easy. This is The, Ramsey Show. This,


You've worked, saved, sacrificed, and been gazelle intense with your financial game plan. But do you have the right defense in place, like the right health insurance? Look, you can't walk past a doctor's office these days without getting a massive bill. And if you don't have health insurance, a major medical situation can undo all of your hard work. That's where my friends at Health Trust Financial can help. They work for you, not the insurance company. So they find you the right health insurance and they save you money. Ramsey has recommended Health Trust Financial for two decades because they're the experts. And whether you're 19 years old or 90, you can trust them to do two very important things important. Listen to you then find you health insurance coverage with everything you need. And nothing you don't. Health Trust Financial is your one stop shop for unbiased advice about affordable health insurance options. They could save you hundreds of dollars a month. So make sure you're not overpaying. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com today. Health Trust Financial dot com.


Thank you for listening to The Ramsey. Show on The. Ramsey Network. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is Dr. John Delony. We're taking your calls and here's the thing. Sometimes you guys call, we have a number here that you can leave a message if you have a question or something you wanna talk about. Sometimes people call and we miss the call. So if we missed your call, sorry we missed your call, we'll get to it. Matter of fact, we have a voicemail here from Meredith. Let's take a listen. I have a question about how'd you go from being on welfare to being in the baby steps. It seems very, very scary to go from being on food stamps and Medicaid and all of that stuff to switching to paying for everything yourself.


Not really sure how to change that. I know it's a mindset, but I'm not really sure how to get from point A to point B without hurting myself and my children. Drastically. Hmm. Thank you. Bye. Wow. Okay. That, that's a, that's a deep one, John. Yeah, I Like that you said it's a mindset. So I wanna separate. I have a close friend of mine who right before she had child number three, husband left, like was in desperate need of support and care. Right? So I think we're, I I love that we can support and care people who find themselves in the margins when life happens. Right?


I get a different vibe from Meredith And. I loved how she said it, said it's a mindset. And there can come a point when the world that we've set up for, for some of our, our, our citizens is, you know what, you're never gonna be enough. You just sit over there in the corner, we're gonna pat you on the head and well, somebody's gonna come take care of you because you, you can't do this. Yeah. And over a long period of time, you begin to believe you're less than. Yeah. That you can't. 100%. And she, I love this question she's asking. 'cause she's saying, no, I want to, I wanna stand up And I wanna be a, I want to be in the driver's seat of my own life. And it's terrifying because I've got this sense.


Everybody's been treating me for so long and I've been living this way. I that I can't, I don't know how I'll never know enough. I'm just gonna hurt everybody. I'm gonna screw everything up. And y'all told me to go sit in the corner and pat me on the head. Y'all just, y'all just send money in the mail. Mm. And it's gonna be all, all good. And so for someone to merit the situation, I think it's important to keep this one word and, and always keep this word front and center, which is practice. Yes. I'm just gonna practice. It's a skill that I don't have. I've never done this thing and I'm gonna practice this And, I have to practice. I've never had a high school kid. I have one right now just started. I'm having to practice being a high school dad because I've never done it before. And. I'm already not doing a great job at it.


Right. I've never been the, the, the dad of a third grader. I've never done that. I'm practicing or a third grade daughter. I've never done that. I'm practicing it similar. If you've never paid for anything, and often this, this generational poverty can be generational. Right? Yeah. You, you, you learn that. You learn how to sign up, how to work the system. Somebody hands you, helps you out. I've never done it before. Okay, cool. We're gonna take, we're gonna take baby steps. First thing we're gonna do is we're gonna learn how how money works. We're gonna watch these courses, we're going to get a job. Well, you've also not, And on and On had to, had the opportunity to like stretch your legs on it. That's right. Because if, if you're in these, if you're in these programs, there's limits. Like, hey, if you, if you earn beyond this, you off, you no longer get the crutch.


We cut off, we cut you off. And I'm thinking about like, follow me on this. In college I played volleyball. And I was a middle blocker. And I went up for a block and this crooked thumb snapped all the way back. Mm. And I tore the ligaments all the way through. And it was the most painful thing I've ever done. Even more painful than childbirth. Hmm. So I had this guard that I used to have to wear. And after a while the trainer was like, Hey, you gotta take that guard off. And. I was like, oh, I can't take the guard off. Like I'm gonna feel pain. I don't know. Like I, it was, it, it it was, it made me so afraid to play the game. I loved playing without this guard on. 'cause I was like, for sure I'm gonna snap my ligaments again. And then you find yourself going up with two hands, but kind of halfway head in the one like Halfway.


Yeah. Like halfway. You're like, oh, you know, you've got this. And I'm like, you're never gonna know what you can do until you just up and do it. You gotta stretch your legs, you gotta play, you gotta take the guard off and see, you know what I'm Saying? But she adds, she adds a very interesting component here. I don't wanna hurt my kids. Right. Right. And so there's a lot of weight on that. Hey, you just gotta go, you gotta go do this. But the thing is, you're on it until you're exceeding it. That's right. So once you're exceeding it, you're exceeding it. Yeah. And it's like, okay, I can do more. I can keep going. I don't need this crutch any longer. It was there for season. It was never intended to be something that you had for the rest of your life. And So I think that's the part she's gotta understand is, okay, this was here to just kinda like raise me up a little bit and get me to that point.


But I'm to that point now I can, I can go forward and, you know, I think you have to be real about very, very, very real about the dollars and cents. We took a call early. Yes. How much does my house cost? Yes. What are my electric bill? What's my water bill? What does my gas bill, what does food in this house, what's transportation look like? How stable is this job? Do I need a second job? What's childcare? Yes. You have to be honest about those numbers. And it's easy to say, I just wanna be done with this. Great. But here, here's, but if You're not ready, Then math may not be done with you. That's right. Right. Same as we talk to people on the other side, it's like, I'm just gonna buy this house. Math doesn't care what you want to do. Yeah. Right? Yep. Yep. So it's being honest about these numbers and then we're gonna practice and you will mess it up.


If you've never stretched your legs, you, you're gonna fall down. That's okay. It's part of it. That's why we have coaches that walk alongside people. That's why we have budget. That gives you a good framework for it. And we'll walk with you every step of the way. Yeah. But keep that word in mind. Practice any of us. The the cool cultural thing to do now is to scream and yell at people who are trying to change. Just beat them back to the place where they deserve. That's good job. I, I see men trying to become different kinds of men and they're beat up on both sides. And what do they, they stop. I don't wanna take it. I see women, same thing. See those with the least of these, those you're trying to learn to give. So you're gonna have to ignore the voices and you're gonna have to go do the next right thing. And we all have to practice.


It's okay. We're learning new skills, we're gonna go make it happen. I Like that. That's good, John. All right, let's try to take a call. We've got Darren in Boise, Idaho. What's going on, Darren? Well, good afternoon. I've got a couple of questions for you. I have a HELOC that I'm, I'm paying on. We had, we had some big issues in our kitchen and we felt that it was probably best to just redo the kitchen and try to make a few different things. Work with it. We had a hole in the bottom of our oven so we couldn't use our oven. Our cooktop wasn't working anymore. So we, we just, we redid our kitchen.


What'd You, what was the lock for amount? Well, it was oh, $40,000. Okay. What else you got? We redid it and then we just, we have our home and that's it. Okay. We have our home on a 15 year mortgage. We have 180 thou, 188,000 left. And it's at 2.25%. Okay. So my question is this. I'm, I'm 53. I, I'm, I'm investing in my 401k doing the catch up. So it's like 30,000 a year. Okay. And I'm, I'm wondering, should I, should I drop that for a year and pay off this heloc?


Is that gonna I mean it's gonna hurt me a little bit, but you know, we're, we're, okay. We got about, we almost have $600,000 in our 401k. Yeah. And then, and so if I do that, then also then what is my tax liability? 'cause my taxable income is gonna jump way up. And my pr my taxes are gonna be brutal. It probably won't be that, that bad. No, it's not gonna, your, when your tax bracket changes, your, your whole pay, your, the whole isn't amount isn't on that bracket. It's just the amount that puts you into that bracket. So you're not gonna, it's not gonna be a blood bath here. How much do you make? Our combined household income is, is about 200,000.


Bro, I would, it's not gonna be's you, you put your house on the block for a new kitchen. I I would get, sorry, say that again. I would get you put the house on the block. You went to the bank and said, Hey, you give us a kitchen and if we don't pay you back, you can have our house. I would take my house. Yeah. I I I would be much more concerned long term that somebody else has the keys to my front door than, than not, than any kind of interest rate, any kind of tax implication. Do you get what I'm saying? So, so you would, you would stop putting money into your 4 0 0 1. I would would, I would stop everything and pay that HELOC off your house is on the, on the chopping block right now.


The key here is Darren, you really dropped back to baby step two on this. We always say that if the HELOC is more than ha is less than half of the total value, then it goes into baby step two. So you owe 180 8, the HELOC is 40. So for all intents and purposes you're on baby step two. And so that's us. Pausing, pausing, retirement. If you wanted to take some of the money that you had in savings and put it onto this and then rebuild that up, you could do that. But you're back in baby step two. It's not gonna take you long to pay it off and rebuild your savings and get back to investing. But that's the bed you made and so you kind of have to lay in it. And I hate to tell you that because it feels not fun at 53 years old, but you guys made that choice.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app From The. Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show.


I'm Doc. I'm Jade Warshaw next to Dr. John Delony. And we're gonna take your calls all hour long. We're gonna help you build wealth, do work that you love and create amazing relationships. It's a live show, so if you want to call in, you can do that. The number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Ah, let's get it on a pop. And John, Let's do it. And I'll call you Dr. Jade. I accept that I No, don't do it. Dude. You can get 'em online now. It's all good. It's all good. It's a certificate program. Is that how easy? Yeah, it's easy. What is it called when they just bestow it on you? 'cause you did something cool. Honorary. Honorary. Yeah. Yeah. We had to give that to James. He wanted that. So we hooked him up with that. But Dr. James Childs. Yeah, Dr. James Childs. That was a nice ring to it. Dr.


Jimmy C Let's take a call. Let's go to Denver and talk to Chris. What's going on Chris in Denver. Hi. How's it going? Doing Good, how are you? Well, doing okay. I'm on base step two, which is paying debt off and I've been just attacking debt, but I've getting to the point now to where, you know, should I start putting a little bit into my emergency fund because it seems like every time I turn around right now I'm paying on a credit card and it's two steps forward, one step back because there's a dental bill that comes up or something.


We have three kids. Okay, so let's talk about that a little bit. You're on baby step two, but do you have the thousand dollars saved? Oh Yeah. Okay. So you're, you're feeling like you just keep going through it and, and then some. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. Part of this, part of baby step two, the huge, the huge crux of baby step two is budgeting and the way that you're budgeting and how you're kind of scanning the next week and the next month and the next six months to make sure that you're budgeting properly to try to avoid, okay, some of these, what now feel like emergencies. 'cause whether it's dental stuff or it's something with the car.


So a lot of people will utilize sinking funds if they know, okay, like I'm gonna have to take, you know, junior to the dentist and it's never $100. Right? So that's one way you can kind of start looking towards this. Another way you can look towards that is just to say not right now. Like if it's something that can wait, obviously if somebody's having tooth pain, it can't, you know, wait, but there might be some of the things when it comes to orthodontics and you know, Jimmy needs braces, things like that, that can wait. So tell me more about the emergencies that are popping up. Well, it is just, I mean, it it, now that you've put it that way, it's just failure plan. You know, I, I'll be honest, I've paid off in three months.


I've paid off 30 grand worth of debt. Wow, That's awesome. Way to go. Can I tell you, can I tell you Chris, what I hear? Are you, you sound tired man. I am. Are you exhausted? I I run a, i I run a business And, I'm exhausted all the time. Yeah. I work six, sometimes seven days a week. Last night I got home at midnight. I was up at five. I'm at my stop. Can I stop real quick and just celebrate you man? I, I know that's not gonna pay your life bill, but dude, we have a culture of people who are sitting on their couch watching TV and posting and whining and you are the man who gives me hope for the world that my two kids are inheriting.


I appreciate that. Hey, I'm telling you right now, brother, You're out doing it. If I had a culture of men like you and women like you, we would have literally zero of our innate challenges right now. Yeah. I'm listening dude. I'm, I'm just telling you just, just dad to dad. I'm, I'm so proud of you. I can hardly breathe man. It's awesome. Now you're getting me choked up. How much longer do you got to go? I did the debt calculator and that's the thing, I did the debt calculator and it said 2027. Okay.


February, 2027 with everything that I've got right now. Okay. Consumer debt wise, our mortgage will be paid off in half of it will be paid off in four years and the other half will be 10 years. So half of it in four years. So that's the 2027. Are you including half of it in that? Well, half of half the mortgage payment goes away. We bought two lots. I see. Okay. I, I basically bought two lots and moved a mobile on it that I bought for three grand and renovated the whole thing and paid cash to do it.


So now we owe we're not, we don't do business with banks. I don't have a, I have a, they did an owner carry on my property. And I did it that way. So I could pay cash to do it and have a place. Our mortgage is 1100 bucks a month. Okay. And what's, how much is the other consumer debt? 175,000. Okay. And what kind of debt is it? Can you go through it for me, see if we can, I've got, shorten this, I've got a truck for 62,000 that I didn't really have a choice on. Tell me more about that. $62,000 Feels like a lot of choices.


Tell me what's, What is it? I had a, I had a 2017 I shoe horses for a living. Okay. I put 65,000 miles a year on a truck. Okay. 65,000 miles. Yeah. 65,000 a year on the truck. Okay. My truck blew up. They wanted 30 grand to fix it. They had 305,000 on it. It was covid 2022 right around there. And there was zero trucks on the lot and they were wanting more for some used trucks than they were for new trucks. And I worked for very high and people that I have to be there.


It, it's just here. Here's what I want to get to because I don't wanna run out of time on you. Okay. So that's a $62,000 truck. What, what's it worth you? 62. What is it worth? 30 grand upside down on it. Oh Gosh. Okay. 30 grand upside down. Okay. Tell us the rest of the debt. Let's keep going. I have another truck that I bought used by December. Talk right into your phone. 'cause you breaking up. Talk right into your phone for me. Yeah, yeah, Go for it. I'm talking right into it. Okay. Can you Hear me? Go For it. Yep. Yep. The, I owe 32,000 on another truck. What's it worth?


10,000 upside down on that one. Okay, so it's worth 22. Yeah. Okay. Is it necessary for your life or can we off haul it? Is it necessary for your business? Yes. This is what I use primary for my business. I, I wanted to stop driving the one that I'm 30 grand upside down on, pay the payment and hopefully in a year I can get rid of it. Okay. It, it might require you switching that ideal because it's gonna be harder to get out of this $30,000 truck upside down than this one that you're only $10,000 upside down. And that could clear out $20,000 of debt ity split if you did that, if you just got a loan to cover the difference. Well, my only thing is, is the other one that I bought is a diesel.


My one that blew up was a diesel and when the diesel blows up, it's 30, 30,000 plus dollars. Okay. But there's no, The one I'm driving now is a gas truck and it doesn't cost the repair costs and everything on it is, Hold on, hold on, brother. Listen, you're creating a world where you can't win. You're creating a world where you can't win. There's not a path forward without sacrifice here, man. There's just not. We want you to win so bad, but you're gonna have to make some concessions. Whether you stop doing high-end horseshoeing or you sell one of these trucks or you get rid of one of the lots, you're gonna have to make some hard calls, brother. Yeah. You know what? I'm interested in talking with you more. Can you stay on the line so we can talk to you a little bit longer?


This is The Ramsey. Show.


Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions that you don't agree with. Yes, that's right. People are unknowingly putting money into big tech giants and household brand names that don't match up with their core values. But there's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Visit timothy plan.com for more information. Timothy plan.com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a funds investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus if available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by four side fund services LSC.


Hey folks, there's a lot of half-baked investing advice out there, but here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smarts to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart vests.


You're listening to The Ramsey Show. I'm Jay. Next to me is Dr. John. We're taking your calls as matter of fact, we just took a call from Chris in Denver. He was telling us about his situation. He's $175,000 in debt and right now it's gonna take him until 2027 to pay it off. I asked him to go a little bit more deeper into the situation. It turns out he's got a $62,000 truck that he's $30,000 upside down on. He also has a $32,000 truck that he's $10,000 upside down on And I. Just wanted to dig a little bit deeper. Chris, does that sound about right, bud? Yeah. Yeah, that's, that's about right. And it's not like we're destitute. I, I mean, I make really good money.


Yeah, I mean, oh, I know you do. I know you do. I, I see that. I just want to make sure that we're making the most of this debt-free timeline because, you know, you sounded so tired when you called in and we wanna make sure you get to the, to the light at the end of the tunnel here. So you're currently driving the $32,000 truck. You're driving it because it's not a diesel truck and you don't want it to blow up. But meanwhile, you've got this $62,000 truck sitting in the driveway. What, collecting dust So I. Wanna figure out the right solution on that? But tell me about the rest of the debt it gets You. I owe 40 grand to the IRS. Okay. And then I And I have, let's see, there's that and that, and then I owe 11 on a credit card, 11 on a credit card.


Is there something else? 134? I don't think so. Maybe I'm wrong on the number. Okay, let's See. I got credit got right now. I've got 100, 1 34. 1 44. And you told me you had 1 75, right? Yeah. What else? I, let me think for a second here. Meanwhile that There's that while You talk about that. No, yeah, I think that's it. That's it. Okay. So it's a little less than what we thought about. First things first, IRS has to jump to the top of the list if it's not okay. Okay. Usually we talk about the debt snowball being smallest to largest in this case, IRS has to come first. And that's for anybody listening. If you're in trouble with the IRS, you gotta deal with that first.


'cause you no telling what they can garnish your wages and then that would really put you in a dilly of a pickle, as they say. Okay. So that's fir I, I've got an agreement with them. I just make them, I make them a payment. Okay. But you're gonna pay 'em more because they're gonna be the number one thing in your debt snowball, right? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Knock it out as quickly as possible. Yeah. And I was, I've got that, that, that was next in line after the $11,000 credit card. Yes. But now we're switching that and we're putting the IRS, the IRS first. Okay. Okay. Gotta do it that way. Okay. Alright. Going back to these trucks. Hey, I really, you gotta sell one of 'em in the one that makes the most sense to sell.


John, cut in if you want to. I'm just thinking about, I mean, if you wanted to take the hit on the $30,000, the $62,000 truck and just say, Hey, I'd rather owe 30 than, than 60. You could, I guess, take out a loan for the difference and be on the hook for the 30. Yeah. I let, let me, dude, I I, are you frustrated with this, Chris? Like, are you frustrated with yourself? No. No, not at all. I, I'm, I'm, I'm just trying to, I'm a number, I, I mean, I know I've gotten myself into this, but I, I, I, I would love to get rid of the, the, the $62,000 truck Then, then do it. Head, head over there. If your credit will allow, you get a $30,000 loan for the difference and sell the truck for $30,000, you're free and clear.


I'd rather you owe 30,000 than 62,000 and you're, it's, it's, it's gonna suck. You're gonna be like, why? But you gotta get out of that. The only other choice is to go and sell the $32,000 truck that you're $10,000 upside down on on that one. Can I ask you this? How much do you make, brother? Like, like what's your, what's your net income from your business alone? My, the whole business is I 175,000 A year. Yeah. Okay. And that's with, that's, that's after all the truck payments and everything too. I bring in a quarter million a year.


That's, that's your bottom line. So why in the, why in the world is it gonna take you two years or three years to pay this debt off? Because it, I was, it hasn't. I mean it, if I did more towards it, but I'm just living, like, I've been putting 10,000 a month towards debt and then I drain my bank account and then something comes up and then I gotta put it on a credit card. Here's the thing. So I. Hold some of that back a little bit. Yeah. I mean, if you know a dentist appointment's coming for your child Yeah. With you owing owning your own business, there's a, there's a tension here between are you gonna pay yourself more and pay taxes on that and do all that whole song and dance? Or are you gonna leave the money in the business and do it like that? So I think that you have more, I, I'm not sure the workings of your business.


I don't know if you're the only employer of your business, but if you have the ability to pay yourself more so that you can work through this quick, more quickly, I would do that. I would get rid of one of these trucks. Whatever makes the most sense. Whatever one you're willing to part with, you've gotta get rid of one. Maybe it's a $60,000 one. That's probably where I would start. You've gotta move IRS to the top of the list. That's the prescription. It's up to you if you're gonna take the medicine or not. Alright, let's go to Travis, who's in Dallas, Texas. What's going on, Travis? Hey, Jade and Dr. John. how are you guys today? We're doing good. How can we help Fan? Fantastic. I am super glad to be on Dr. John. I just finished building a non-anxious life on audiobook while door dashing, so Excellent.


Hope you're a little bit less anxious, man. Yep, absolutely. So my question is, my wife And I are in baby step two. We've got a hundred and about 129,000 left to pay. We are, so basically what I'm trying to figure out is I have a loan that is a, it's a loan from a credit union from a car that was underwater. And the minimum payment is 583 and there's $5,000 left on that. However, that is like seven debts down the debt snowball and So.


I was curious on what your guys' thoughts were in trying to pay that off a little bit more quickly to free up that $583 payment a month. So you're saying it's four debts down and the ones in front of it have a lower, have less money that they free up. Correct? It's, it's actually, well, the IRS is on the top right now, and then 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. It's actually eight debts down from the top. I mean, the truth is, the truth is, Travis, a lot of the thought behind some of the things we teach is not necessarily from a mathematical perspective. That's the truth. Right. A lot of times it has more to do with how you're feeling and what makes you feel more motivated in a moment.


And so the way, the reason we teach the debt snowball is because there's something about being able to check something off a list and cross it off the list and go, okay, yes, I've done something successful, I can keep going. And so my guess is, I mean, not a guess. It's true the ones that are before this $5,000 debt are a lot smaller of debts and you should be able to knock 'em out fast. They're $5,000 and lower. Right? And you said it's eight that go above that So I mean how much could these debts be? Two and $3,000? Yeah. So they're anywhere between two and 4,000. And you know, so far we've paid off about 30,000 since we started with you guys in March. How Much margin are you putting every month?


What's your, what's your shovel? About 2000 a month. Okay. So 2000 extra 5,000 total towards debt a month. So in about five or six months, you should be up to this $5,000 debt. Yeah. If you're, if you've got a $2,000 shovel and most of the debts are between two and 4,000, we should be clicking up this basically almost every month. You're almost knocking one of them out. And so Yeah, for sure. I think that's gonna feel more gratifying than having the extra money there. Now. It's your life. You can do whatever you want. I'm not gonna yell at you. You're the one who has sleep in your bed at night, is what I'm saying. Right. But that's my advice.


And I, I'm sticking To it. I like the bird. I like the burn your saddle. I like the fact that it pisses you off. Oh yes. Yeah. I mean, I, I like the fact is follow it in order, man, and let it just drive you crazy. Let it drive you crazy. And it's gonna encourage you. Yeah. I guarantee you, if you don't pay it off early, you'll get there faster than six months. Yeah, for sure. So yeah, it's, it's definitely, it's definitely got a motivation when you have $175,000 of student loans where you started with. And you know, I've made more progress in the past six months than I almost did in 10 years. Of course you did. That's right. That's right. And So I think the next six months to eight months are game changers for you guys. Momentum wise, There's a reason that we teach what we teach.


We teach it because it works at the end of the day. It works. We've been teaching this 30 years, not me, but Dave Ramsey, the Goat And. I've just been here, I don't know, two years, but I can tell you it works. It works for me. My husband, And I, paid off $460,000 of debt using the debt snowball method, listing those debts from smallest to largest, making minimum payments on all but throwing all the money at the smallest debt. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey, good folks. The Back to School Madness is upon us. It's hitting us right now. We got travel and work and all these forms to fill out now and sports, to travel to and on and on. My family's schedule is so packed and we haven't even begun talking about things like exercise and date nights and counseling and church and home projects. And those are the things that make our life even worth living. Here's what I've learned when it comes to taking care of me. I have to put on my oxygen mask first, and that means that I have to do the things that keep me well in whole And I. Know that you have to do those same things too, so don't skip the things that matter to you, including regular exercise, hanging out with your friends and regular therapy appointments. And when it comes to therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, it's flexible, and it's suited to fit your schedule. And therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, how to set and practice boundaries, how to become the best version of yourself, and most importantly, how to find peace in all of this chaos and this upcoming season. Make sure you put on your oxygen mask first. Never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/deone.


Hey guys, are you ready for the secret to help you reach those money goals that you've been dreaming about? It's simple. You gotta get on a budget With our budgeting app, EveryDollar, you'll get intentional with your money and build the habits that will make those dreams a reality. And we'll be with you every step of the way from your first budget to that retirement home on the beach. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play. Remember today, download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play. Today you're listening to The Ramsey Show.


I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is Dr. John Delony. You can give us a call if you want us to take your call. It's triple eight eight two five five two two five and we will get to you.


Alright, John, the live like no one else, crews is almost sold out. Can you believe that? I can. More than 80% of the cabins are already booked. Yeah, Dude. So if you wanna join us in March, you need to secure your cabin today. The cruises really, it's just the ultimate debt-free celebration that if that's the way you wanna look at it. This is for people who are on baby step four and above. All right? So if you're on baby step two, the boat's gonna leave without you is all I'm saying. It's not for you. So, So you straight up rhymed that if you're on baby step two, the boat, we'll leave without you. Listen, I'm a poet and didn't know it be rhyming all the time. All the time. All right, here we go. Join us. And when I say us, I'm talking about all the Ramsey personalities, Dr. John, myself, I'm George, Kamel, Rachel, Cruz. I'm gonna forget somebody. Ken Coleman, the goat, we're all gonna be there. Alright, George. George is, he is campaigning for a cannonball competition. He is very small, but he is a mighty cannon baller. So wow, that's gonna be a key, a key part of the week. And it's, it's A Speedo only cannonball competition. That's what he's, that's what he's campaigning for, obviously Ken And, I wanna wear, well, Ken wants to wear jean shorts. I just wanna wear regular, regular swim trunks. But we'll get there. We'll figure it all, we'll figure out the logistics. It's gonna be a party. No shoes, no shirt, And, I. It's also because this is like the meeting of, this is like the meeting of the epicenter of the cult. There's gonna be many punch bowls and lads, we're just gonna drink Kool-Aid. Stop it. It's gonna be amazing. So, okay, wait a minute. Let me go back. This is not gonna be Kenny Cheney's cruise, as I may have said. It's gonna be Amazing. This is not gonna be, we're gonna have a blast, a Cultic cruise, as John has said. Why would you not come? It's gonna be so fun. We're going all over the Place. It's gonna be so much fun. We're gonna Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, Bahamas. We've made this announcement a lot of times. That's why me and John are cutting up. But it's gonna be a great, great time. You don't wanna miss this. We're partying with Dave. Come on, you don't wanna miss it. You can secure your spot for $600. That's the deposit before all the cabins are gone. So if you just like, I don't wanna miss out, put your $600 down and book your cabin today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. That's the way to do it. We'll see you there. We'll see you out there.


All right, let's go to the phone lines. We've got Angie, who's an Albuquerque, New Mexico 5 0 5. What's up Angie? Hello. how are you? how are you doing? Doing good. What's up, So? I have a question regarding my marriage. So legally, I've been married for 13 years, but it's been on and off for a while there. But lately, recently, within the last three years, I have been living a silent divorce with my husband as far as being emotionally, physically, financially detached from my marriage. So I, have a roommate now. Tell me about that. Tell me about the, tell me about that choice.


Why have y'all chosen that world? Because there's no more connection there. I know, but like, it's kind of a thing in popular culture to say like, our relationship ran its course. I just reject that. I I people at, at the end of the day, they stop or one person just gets off the train and the other person can't keep going. But have y'all sat down and had this conversation or have y'all just has, have y'all just slowly let this thing go out to pasture? Like Right. Tell me. That's basically how it happened. Okay. We did not sit down for, and I've particularly asked for divorce, but he said he's not signing anything. So we just look like this. The issue around all of this is, this is what I'm just wondering if it's even healthy to do this part here is, I know it's not healthy for me, but from what the, what I've been looking for spiritually is what they've been telling me and what I've been, you know, throughout my research is that it's better for the kids to be at home and see both parents, even though we're living in this situation versus being separated in different homes that would be more harmful for them.


That is And I. That doesn't even pass. I don't understand how that doesn't even pass your smell test. You know, that's not true. And you're repeating something you continue to hear. So Do you think it's better for your child to walk home and see two people who say, we are married and your child is downloading into their nervous system and into their heart and mind and soul. This is what marriage, this is what love and compassion end till death to his part looks like. I know, but no, I don't agree with it. But this is what I know people are gonna say, what they're gonna say Either, you know, well, not necessarily. It's like, you know, the Bible says you, you know, once you get married, you're married for life.


That's it. You know, Your husband left you, and I'm saying this with all love in my heart. He left you, he just won't leave the house. Well, well, I wish he was. I I know, but he left you. We both did. Then you both left each other. And so what you're doing is you're playing legal semantics with the Bible. Stop, Stop. So I can't make someone sign. You know what I mean? It's like that's, there Can be a no fault divorce and the judge will make you sell your house and property and divide it up and he will get whatever part is his, and you'll get whatever part is yours and you'll gone about the life y'all have created for yourself.


But both of you are making a choice every single day. And I hate to be so direct, but that's the truth. And what you're, I what I think is you're, I think you are, you're living a life as a divorced person. That's the word you gave me. Right? Right. Well that's what I, so You've already violated this, this biblical contract. You're trying to stay, like, you're trying to stay true to, you've already done it. Plus most con, can I just say the heart of a contract is the heart of the matter. Like when you get married, the piece of paper is a legality, but it's more about you're saying, I'm in commitment and covenant with this person. It's the heart that's really what is the marriage like if we're talking about things from really like this biblical perspective, it's that commitment.


But you guys have long since detached from that. So it's not about the the legal piece of paper that's not Are are you telling me the reconciliation's over that he won't sit down and say, okay, we've chosen to build this life and now we can choose to build something else. No, it's definitely over. But again, my, it's more towards what's gonna be more like a word. What, what, what is just gonna be more, I don't know, healthier. Maybe. You're so far, ma'am, you're so far past health. You're, you're so far past that And I know, that's hard. 'cause you're living in it. You've been living in it for 36 months.


You're so far past health. A a healthy mother and a healthy dad. That's the greatest gift for your kids. And. I. So It doesn't matter. Rather if it's the same household or not, regardless if they're gonna be wonderful, productive people, society, society just doesn't matter whether it's the same household or not. That's just the bottom line. No, it, it's, it's, it's a, this is like, it's a straw man. So people ask, people ask me on my show all the time. The the question is, oh, should we stay together for the kids? No, fix your marriage for the kids. Like that's, it's a, it's a, it's a false dichotomy. Like fix your marriage for your chil for, for yourselves. And then out of that repair, your kids get to see two people that Kate got really distant, but they made a covenant and they came back together.


And if both of you refuse to do that, yes, then your house becomes cancer stop. But it's not just for your kid, it's for you too and for your husband. Can I ask a question? Are you guys living together peacefully or is this like the worst? Yeah, No, no. I mean, we're fine. So you're living together peacefully. We, can I ask another question? Was there like a ca like a catalyst? Like was there a moment that it was like, that's it. Like did somebody cheat? Did somebody, was there that big blow up moment or did this just slowly erode over time? It's like I said in the beginning, so, you know, in the beginning of our marriage has been on and off because I had a child previously and supposedly he was gonna, you know, lose my child and everything.


And just throughout the years I realized, no, he resents her a lot. And because of that, it's just, it it, it had, it just turned turned me off completely. That So you're, so you left him? No, we're still in the same home. No, no, no, no. But for all practical matters, you left him Right. Okay, then call, call a spade a spade. Yeah. I can't get, I can't get that love back. It is just not You. No, that's not true. You're choosing not to and that's okay. You can make that choice. No. Okay. You can make if you, if if you're done, you're done, you're done, you're done. I, I don't, I don't, again, I don't want that to be the case, but I also understand if y'all both made a choice and let's make a choice, then let's go ahead and call what we're doing, what it actually is.


We're doing this idea of a silent divorce. It's like all hipster and cool man. You are untethered inside your own home. So you begin to come home and you don't know who or what the energy in this home is gonna be. It's not safe for anybody. It's not good. Be adults and let's sit across the table and let's say if we've made this choice to end this, then we're gonna do the right thing, the next right thing. If there's any chance we can choose to come back together, let's make that choice and let's fight like hell to save this marriage. But y'all get to make that choice.


Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment. Affording a home is impossible and you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right? Wrong George Kamel here. Listen, finding a home you love within your budget is possible. And I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving a Down payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist. We'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course.


You're listening to The Ramsey Show next to me is Dr. John Delony. I'm Jade Warshaw. We're taking your calls.


We mostly take your calls. It's a live show, but today we have a question of the day that's coming to you from Why Refi. Today's question of the day, brought to you by Why Refi. So now we don't recommend refinancing on everything, but for distressed private student loans, there is Why Refi. We trust Why Refi because they help you with low fixed rate, fixed interest rate. They help you get a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and get outta debt. Learn more at Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ramsey may not be available in all states.


Alright, today's question comes from Wyatt in California. Wyatt writes, my wife recently asked for a divorce, but she wants to stay married until she finishes her MBA degree. Wow. To complicate things, my fam Oh, nice to complicate things. My family had agreed to pay for her degree when she started the program as an early inheritance for me. Oh, this guy is, is a, is an honor student. I think she only wants to stay for the free tuition. Yes. What should I do?


If I had a beard, I'd be stroking my beard on this one because this is ridiculousness. I I I don't mean this to be mean, Jade, but we're doomed just as a society. This is bananas, Bro. Your wife left you, she asked you for divorce. There's a, there's a word. Oh boy. Okay. Oh dude, Listen, it's not good If you say yes To this, you gotta bounce with an ounce. You have to brush your shoulders off. She left you, she left you. And there's so much complexity here.


Yes. Don't pay for the wife that's leaving you, that's divorcing you. Don't let her take part of your inheritance. This whole thing's such a mess. Yes. I would stop tuition payments. How about that? Let's just start there. For God's sakes. Yeah. If you're not, the gravy train ends. Like at that point, like if you, if you get divorced, you don't get to say, oh, and will your parents please still pay for my, you know, it's like Being at the Golden Corral and you cash out and you get your ticket and you walk to the parking lot and then you see 'em bring bring prime rib Out. Yeah. You don't get to go back, wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait. I'm gonna back a truck up here and take all the prime rib out. Dude, you cashed it out. You Cashed out. Somebody else gets the, the prime rib.


That's right. You left. It's Golden Corral baby. Wow. Yeah, you left. This is, this is a, this is a boundaries conversation. I'm, I'm guessing John, I mean, yeah. There's Clearly a lot here. She can, you don't, you don't get both sides of you can't have your cake and eat it too. If she says, I want a divorce, alright, boom. And I definitely wouldn't drag the in-laws into it. No. That just makes it even more messy. So No, no. And if your in-laws hear the story and they say, well that's cool, we still wanna pay for her, for her degree. A, they're, they can do what they wanna do, it's their money. And b, if it is part of an inheritance, then it will come out of a divorce settlement. So it's not just gonna be free money, it will have to be disclosed as part of a divorce settlement.


And y'all will figure that out in court. And I'm heartbroken for you, Wyatt, that your wife wants to divorce you. I hate that for you man. I just hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. Yeah. This is, this sucks. Yeah. And if I could be ridiculous for a moment, her timing was terrible. I mean, like What she, she must feel some type of way. Like if I'm like, gosh, let, let me, I wanna finish my MBA, but I don't wanna tell him. I'm like, Well there's also the other side of this that like Wyatt's cheated five times. We probably says I'm out but I'm getting my my my B too. That's also, we don't know we, that's the thing about these questions, we never know. Yeah you could, you know, throw a lot of different wrenches into the subject, but at the end of the day, it's like if you say you're done, you're done here.


Here's the best way to to think of it. The moment somebody says, I'm divorcing you from this point forward, this is no longer a romantic relationship, this is a business transaction period. It has gone. We, we, we got married, we signed a marriage contract for this reason. This is how we're gonna set separate everything. It is a business proposition from this point forward. When somebody throws the D word and says, I'm divorcing you. Cool. Then that's how we're handling this moving forward. Can I ask you a question? Yep. I'm not trying to trip you up in any way. So on the show Yeah, let's do it. On the show we talk a lot about money obviously. And we always say that, you know, one of the main causes of divorce is money fights and money problems.


You're a person who's in this knee deep all the time is where does it start? I, I think we, I mean I think it's both. And so we say money is a symptom. And, I'm saying that 'cause we've had two of these in a row. Yeah. Of just whacked out just what's going on here. We say that money is a symptom. And I think it continue. So let's take abuse and let's take just evil and put off to the side. Okay. That's outside the bell curve in this conversation. Right. Okay. There's abusive people and there's terrible people. We know that. I don't think most people are abusive. Most people are terrible. I think most people are unintentional and they have a picture about what they want their life to look like and they just assume that the person next to them that they married is going to absorb into that picture.


Not knowing that that person has a picture of what their life is gonna look like and vice versa. And so here's a good example in my house is something so tiny that happened recently. We have two dogs and then we just, I got my daughter a little, it's like a gremlin dog that's a little, so now we have three cockapoo and they fight and scream and run around. I got to where dinnertime was frustrating for me. It just felt like so much And I wasn't being the dad that wanted to be, I was finding myself snippy. I was finding myself just like, Hey, can y'all, once we backed out and my wife And I, she's like, Hey man, dinner's like our sacred time. We always just come here and exhale. It's where we laugh. Yeah. It's these three dogs that we took from outside running around underneath the table.


We put 'em in a kennel now during dinner and man, Every you just made a clear choice. Whoosh. Yeah. But it was unintentional. And what was happening was, I didn't want come to the table. My wife didn't wanna be around a grumpy me. So it's easier. Hey, we're just gonna grab, we're gonna grab Chick-fil-A on the way home, right? And so it happens by teeny tiny degrees and turns out it's the dumb dogs running around at the table. So it's a lack of intentionality and a lack of saying, Hey, this is a sacred thing for us. You want this, I want this. How do we choose to make this happen? Oh, we can just do that. That's easy. It's a lack of intentionality. When you're not intention about your money, then suddenly I'm buying this, you're buying this, you borrowed this, I wanna buy this. And now we have two different worlds, but we live on the same couch and then it implodes.


Right? So money fights are a symptom of two people that have not aligned their pictures and have not aligned their values and have not committed. We're gonna sh we're gonna forego short-term pleasure for long-term vision of what the world we want to, to build together. And it sounds like they've chosen the wrong enemy to direct their That's right. Their guns at, right. That's right. Yeah. And so going back to the previous call, you, you make a choice. You make teeny tiny choices along the way that get you this final choice. You do that with your money, you do that with your physical health, right? Like my buddy Lane Norton didn't just wake up one day and win worlds. Yeah. He started 20 years ago lifting weights. Right? So then every day I, Same with your marriage.


I kinda believe it's the same thing getting back, right? It's That, that's the beauty is if you will own you And, I have both made choices to choose a miserable marriage, then you can both make choices to choose something amazing. That's, that's what's where the, that's where the, the light and the darkness is. You can choose something else. It's nothing is inevitable unless, unless outside of abuse. Yeah, nothing's inevitable. You can choose something different together. It's amazing. I love that John. See, this is this, you add a lot to the show, John and


And I love picking your brain on stuff like this. 'cause you just have a different perspective. And by the way, I believe in people. You do. I really do, man. I like that. I like getting to host with you. I have to. I kind of wanted to go to John for a minute, but I also wanna let you guys know before this hour ends that this hour is about to end if you're listening, you know, on your favorite platform. But if you want to keep watching the show and keep finishing this specific episode, keep hearing from John, keep hearing from me. You gotta head over to The Ramsey Network app in order to finish the show. If you're on the radio, you can just keep listening. It's still gonna play. More calls are still coming up. We've got Christian from Madison, Wisconsin. We've got Carol from Sacramento. We've got a a, a truck driver who's, you know, living out of his semi-truck coming up. We've got a woman, Ashley, she wants to know if she should use the money that she has to get a car or to pay off debt. So we've got really great calls coming up. I'm gonna pick John's brain a little bit more. But again, The Ramsey Network app is the only place that you're really gonna get the full episodes of The Ramsey, Show like you used to, like you're used to hearing. So you gotta go over to the app. If you don't know where it is, you can search Ramsey Network in the App store or on Google Play. That's the way to find it. And by the way, we're still working on the app. We're every day we're doing things to make it better. Make that experience the best we can for you. We just started this so it's kind of cool. You guys are in on the ground level and we're here. We're happy you're here with us. But again, don't miss what's coming up next. Head over to The Ramsey, Network app and it'll be me and John. We'll be in our same clothes, same shirt, same piad finishing up this show. Thanks for hanging out with us. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad a bing bad a boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.