
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Ken Coleman. Ramsey Personality host of The Ken. Coleman. Show number one bestselling author is my co-host today, Jack is in St. Louis. Hey Jack. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey guys, how y'all doing today? Better than we deserve, sir. How can we help? Alright. Hey, we have my wife, And I have spent most of our life pastoring small churches and we work public works also. I did pastor full-time twice and we've been foster parents and adoptive parents.


We have nine children and we've done all this on nothing budgets. You know, most churches wanna keep their pastors poor and humble. It don't sound like I'm complaining, but I guess maybe I could be. But we've had to move multiple, multiple times. And about a year or so ago, we sold our dream house to get rid of a bunch of debt. And some folks at our town wanted to raise foster kids there because of the size of the house. So we scaled down, but our bills keep coming in. My wife had two massive widowmaker heart attacks and she didn't look like it. She didn't hit the profile. They laughed and said she just had some gastric problems until she had one in front of them and about lost her.


Anyway, we're loaded up with debts and we have a house that we really enjoy and has been more affordable probably than we've had in years. And I can sell it and get rid of all of my debts, every bit of it. I thought you paid off all your debt when you sold the other house. I misunderstood. Yes. No, I Paid, I, I'm sorry, Dave. I paid a bunch of my debt down. I reduced my debt by about $60,000. Oh, I see. Okay. Yes sir. Yes sir. And how much debt do you have today? Not counting your house? I have 160. 55. 55. Not counting your house, Not counting the house. That's correct. Okay. And how much do you owe on the home?


105. And how old are you guys? I'm 57 and she's 55. Okay. We still have two children at home, two adopted sons, and we've raised a lot of kids over the years. Well, you've given your life away, brother. Yeah, I, I have. For others in, in for the kids and for the churches that you've served and you're to be commended for that And I, it sounds like. No, I don't think you would sell your house unless you just hate the house or something, but Oh, we love It. We're absolutely in love With it. No, I, I I think, I think it's time for you to consider something you've never done in your entire life and that's gonna make some money and there's nothing ungodly about that, that would clean up your debts and help you start to build a nest egg as you head towards your retirement years.


And you need to do both, don't you? Well, I have stayed with the company. The position I've been with, this'll be five years and I've gradually worked my way up and my wife just got her teaching certificate last week and got her first full-time contract. So what will be your, what will be your household? so what will be your household income now? We went from about 28,000 to about 60 With her teaching And your job? And my Full-time job, about 60,000 total. Okay. And in our area, we're in a rural area south of St. Louis, 4,000 people. There's not much here. So really that doesn't sound like a lot of money to a lot of people, but in our area that that's a decent living.


Well, it's just what I'm comparing, the 62 is the 55. And that doesn't matter what area you're in. Yeah. So, I need, I need some money to throw at that 55 so that you can keep your house. Right, right. And So I think that, that sounds like some kind of side hustle. I don't know what that is in your area, what you're constrained to or you know, or, or for, but I mean, for the next three or four years, if you brought, I mean if for two years if you could bring in an extra 20 grand on a side hustle, 25 grand, you could start to talk about clearing this 55. And of course if y'all are used to living on 28 and now you're gonna live on 60, maybe that'll help too.


You could go that way. But now I, I think you keep the house and you figure out a way to work income up, don't you Ken? I agree. I think the target you gave him And, I was thinking 15 to 20,000, something realistic there. That means he's doing some odd jobs, side hustle stuff. Even in a small town like that. She's tutoring, she's teaching. And, and, and if what we're talking about here is just over a thousand dollars a month to get to the $15,000 mark, $20,000, even in a small community like that per year, extra plus the actual doubling of the income and a budget they've lived below their means. He certainly learned how to do that over all the years. You know, obviously they've had some debt, you know, and with some health issues and things like that.


But I think they can do that. Yeah. And get it outta there quickly. Yeah. So, I, you know, Jack, I I I mean I, I would tell you to get on the, a detailed budget on EveryDollar and we'll give you a year of that free. I'll sign you up for it. Okay. So you guys can jump on that app and, and you and your wife together can do that. But anything she can do to pick up a, a couple of tutoring gigs and you can pick up a little bit here or there and you guys take the fact that your income has gone way up percentage wise. Try to keep living down on nothing and throwing everything you can at this debt so that you keep the house. And then the next step is you build your emergency fund and the next step is you start to talk about really saving for retirement. 'cause you got about 10 years and you need, you know, we gotta start working on that nest egg.


So it's not gonna magically appear if you don't build it. And So I want you to somehow figure out a way to get after that. That's what I would do if I were in your shoes. Amen. Thanks for the call. We appreciate you. What, what noble people though. They gave their life away. Oh yeah. Just true ministry. And I get that. And by the way, I'd say one of his side hustles, he ought to get involved with his denomination, whatever that is in that state, Missouri. And he could pick up some interim preaching jobs where those actually decent money and he, he knows how to do that. And that's on Sunday. Yeah. And that's real money. Yeah. Just fill in the pulpit. Yeah. I could tell you Ken Senior is doing it for fun 'cause he is an old man. He's 72, he doesn't need it.


They've got a great smart investor that's taking care of them all these years and they're fine. But he's doing it Dave just to stay active and he's loving it and it's blown him away. What kind of income? Not massive income, but it's just like really been surprising for him how much money he can make in a month. Just filling pulpits. Yeah. so what Jack, Ken's dad is a retired prep pastor. Yeah. And that's what he's talking about. So this is not something he just, the Coleman just made up here on the spot. No, no, it's an actual Thing's actually occurring. So yeah. Get connected with your denomination. You'll be surprised they have openings where churches are trying to figure it out and that's, they're looking for people that come in and they fill the Pulpit. Oh well there's a lot of happens a lot.


There's a lot of holes. Yeah. That can be helped and so forth. There we go. Yeah. Good stuff. Alright, open phones here. If you wanna talk about your life and your money, this is common sense for your life. That's what we call it around here. And nowadays common sense is so rare that having it is like having a superpower. So you jump in and we'll talk phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. You can do that. And hey, those of you that have not heard the final 40 minutes of the show has moved over to the On Talk radio. It's still gonna be right where it always was, but it's moved over to the Ramsey app.


And if you haven't signed up for the Ramsey app, it's free. You can listen to the whole show there or you can listen to the final 40 minutes there starting this week. It has moved over there from Podcast land. And so you can download The Ramsey Network app at, you know, Google Play or in the Apple Store, whatever you need to do. And it's free, it not gonna cost you a thing. And that way you can hear the final 40 minutes every day. And you can listen to the whole thing there if you want. And you can even email is a question. We might get it on the air. You never know. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I gonna in The middle next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston And I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. to get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 Or go to xandr.com.


Ken Coleman, Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. The $12 sale is here through August 31st. Whether you're looking for parenting advice, tips on how to build wealth, live a more peaceful, non-anxious life, or you're looking for purpose or your work, the sale's got something for you. $12 books to help you raise money. Smart kids to help you get out of debt and build wealth to help you live and build a peaceful and joyful life like Dr. John Maloney's. Six Daily Choices. Yeah, that's great. And $12 resources to help you find the work that really matters. Ken Coleman's paycheck to purposes on the list, check all these out at Ramsey Solutions dot com. Big sale going on right now. You don't wanna miss that.


Crystal's in Pennsylvania. Hi Crystal, welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hi Ken and Dave. Thank you for having me. Sure. What's up So I was calling on behalf of my mother, And I was just hoping to get some advice on how to get her back on track. My father left her after 40 years and kind of left her with nothing and she's 61 now. So just trying to find out where we can get started and for her future, They have nothing. Well I've been trying to encourage her to, I mean it's gonna be two years this December to see a lawyer, but she is kind of stuck in the moment still and seek counseling.


But he took his 401k with her and left her with a house that has two liens on it. And she makes So they're not divorced? No, they're not divorced. Okay. Well to start with, she can't get on with her life until she's divorced. Right, right. I've been trying to encourage her to get a lawyer, but I didn't know if there was anything she can do outside of that in the meantime. No, no. Okay. And he's responsible too, Dave for those liens. Yeah, he's responsible for all this and she gets half the assets and he gets half the problems he doesn't get just to say, I'm gonna leave you with nothing, And I get to do whatever flip I wanna do. That's not the way the law works.


And the law doesn't activate as long as he sits over there and does whatever the flip he wants to do. And she does nothing about it. So she can't move on with her life. She can't heal and go to the next step until they put a stake in this thing. Right. It's the only, it's the only next step and there's not really anything to do until you do that. Okay. So that is the answer to your question, mom, we're going to a divorce, divorce attorney today. I've made an appointment, I'm taking you with me. Here we go. Okay. Yeah, Because he's getting away with murder here He is. It's disgusting. Yeah. And it's, it's wrong. So, and, but there's no way, you know, he left my mom with nothing is not a true statement.


Your mom has chosen to try to exist in a past fantasy that is no longer there called a her marriage. I'm sorry. Gosh, that hurts so much. And your dad, man, how are you? how are you? Are you talking to him? No, I haven't spoken to him in a year. In years. Oh wow. A year. Just one year. Oh, A year. Oh, okay. Yeah. So in the middle of all this then, okay, so he's lost everything. Yes, yes. Wow. So sad. Yeah, I I I'm not trying to pick a fight, but it's Right, it's, it's, it's just a matter of what is right, what is equity, what is correct and what is correct is, is that she gets, you know, half of the assets and half of the problems at a minimum.


And he gets the same. And, and then she can move, we can look at that and say, okay, what are her Next Steps from there obviously too, she has to create an income. So she's got to do some analysis and start talking about what she's gonna do with her life. Because again, the, the grieving of 40 years of marriage, man, I've been married 42 years. I told Sharon if she leaves, I'm going with her. Man, You're just tagging along. Yeah, I'm just, we're not, we're not, we're not doing that. So. Right. There's not gonna be a, there might be a murder, but there won't be a a, it's like it's hoy.


Wow. Yeah. I get that. That's that. And that's really tough stars. 40 years. Yeah. That's, and the thing is is that's been going on way longer before that and he just finally checked out. Yeah. Man. Yeah. That's terrible. Yeah. Horrible. So, sorry. Jenny's in Columbus. Hi Jenny, how are you? Hi. Great. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. So my question is about a gift that my husband, And I have received from my in-laws. They had sold some vacation property and put the proceeds into an LLC, which is my husband is the sole proprietor or sole owner member, whatever the word is, sorry of that. And so the money is sitting there and my husband And I would like to take that and use it towards debt.


So I'm trying to, to piece together if that's the best way to do it. Pay this debt in full. Yes. Or if we invest this and No take the proceeds. No, there is an asterisk to it. Okay. My in-laws basically told my husband that the money is for when they're dead and that we, she, they do not want, they did not want him to spend it while they're still alive, even though it's no longer in their name. So we kind of have this moral obligation where we're feeling a little torn about that. My husband definitely wants to spend it and I'm kind of trying to back off and say, Yeah, I would just tell 'em we don't want the money.


Okay. I don't, I don't take gifts with strings attached. Okay. Because I, I think in their mind it's still their money and we're just holding it. Yeah. And then when we Yeah, Now you're responsible for it and you're liable for it. And anything that happens negatively is gonna reflect on you. And if somebody, if something happened with that LLC, they come after you. The people do And all because you got money that's not yours parked in your name. They should take that back. Exactly. Yes. And, I'm not sure they didn't do, I'm not sure. But what, they haven't exposed themselves to gift tax. Do they have any idea what the flip they're doing? I'm not sure that they had the greatest guidance when this happened. It kind of hit us all with, I don't think they had any guidance when this happened because you can't just hand somebody $200,000 without paying gift tax on it or without going through the unified estate tax credit problem process and using a part of your federal estate, ex tax, federal estate tax exemption.


There's a process to do this. You can't just hand people money. It was shocking. And the LLC does not fix that. Yeah. It went through on our taxes and then we were liable for, you know, $35,000 of taxes that we didn't know were coming because it, all the income from that proceeds went to on my husband's, you know, on our filing our own taxes because it was transferred to that. So why There's been a lot of lessons. So there's a lot of kind of who paid that ceilings happening? Who paid that? We took it from the proceeds that were with within that LLC. So the what was left in the proceeds, we, we paid The taxes back.


And I. Think y'all need to get some tax planning advice and some estate tax advice. 'cause I think you all have screwed. I think they've screwed this up royally. We're trying. You Can't just randomly move stuff around without getting ham, And, I, you know what the gift tax is? It's 55%. Right. If I hand you an asset that's worth 300 grand And I don't do it properly. I get a tax bill for 150,000 bucks. Right. Not 35. We we're finding out a lot of things that we didn't know were happening. And I think their intention was to make it so that nothing would happen once They were die. Once they do die. Because my husband's an only child and they were trying, They're dumb or a wrong So I Think their intention was to have everything.


This is just together. This is is stupid on steroids. I'm telling you they have screwed this up. So I'm, I'm telling you, you guys really, this is an emergency. They're getting ready to lose a hundred thousand dollars more if this comes to light and they get audited. And that may end up on you all if they die. So you guys need to fix this, right? Y all need to get this cleaned up and get some advice and do this. Right. No, I don't want anything to do with this money. It's a freaking hot potato. It's not free money. There's nothing to do with it. It don't have a choice to invest it. You don't have a choice to use it on debt. 'cause it's not even really your money except it is in your name and you've taken on all the liability for it. No. Heck no, man. What a horrible thing to do.


Some of you parents, the things you do to your kids and, and listen folks, here's the deal. You an individual can only, what's the, let me find it this year. What is it this year, 18,000. An individual can give another individual 18,000. An entity can give another entity 18,000. Anything in excess of that is subject to gift tax. If you don't use some estate tax planning tools like the unified Estate Tax Credit program, which you can do, but you have to actually know it's there. You can't just hand stuff 200 grand to your kids and not have, you're gonna get screwed to no end here by the government.


This is the Ramsey chef.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Ken Coleman Ramsey Personality is my co-host today, Cole is in Memphis. Hi Cole. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hey guys, how are Y'all? Better than we deserve. What's up So I. Got a couple questions for you or I just got one I guess. And I'll kind of give you a little background here. So I'm 24. I just, I graduated in December with a degree in finance. So, and that, that was in December. So when I graduated I started a co-op at a company here in Memphis. And that ended in June. And it was an accounting, it was in the tax department. And I was doing accounting work. Well, I actually ended up really liking it actually, and decided I wanted to do my master program or start my master's program in accounting.


So my, there were some road bumps or roadblocks along the way and I've actually learned that my time schedule with my, to get my accounting degree would be pretty, it's gonna be longer than I thought it was gonna be. So I. Guess my first question. Is it, it is going to be expensive. should I try to take out a loan for it? Or should I try to bankroll it? Or, or pay for it myself, I guess is a better way to say that. Or should I just go ahead and go into the workforce and then come back to it later. Be my first question. Are you in accounting now? I'm trying to follow what you just laid out for us. You'd like it. What what, What you doing right this second?


So Right. So currently I am waiting for school to start So I. I went ahead And, I got accepted to the master's program, but, so my degree is in finance and then I did this co-op and accounting. I Know. So, so right now you're, you're doing nothing right this second and you're getting ready to go back to school full time and you don't have the money to do it. Well I do currently. So I've got 24,000 in savings and 5,000 invested So I. What's the program gonna cost and how long is it gonna take? It's gonna cost up to 29.


Well it was gonna be 29. It's probably gonna be more of 34 Now. Okay. And what's the driving reason to get the master's in accounting? If that's, if that, assuming that's what you're getting it in. Yes. And and the driving reason is I really wanted to be, well I I honestly, I really fell in love with accounting. But really I would like to be a dual threat in that, in that space in the finance accounting space. Meaning what, what does that mean? I know what dual threat means, but specifically does that mean what CPA plus I would like Maybe or more of kind of just have more experience and everything and kind of be able to understand More.


So real quick, just let's run through this. I is a master's degree. The only way to get where you want be if You're gonna be a CPA, you, he's gonna have to finish this. No, I know, but I want to hear him. Like, if, if that is, is that the only way to get where you want to go or can you get there and then come back to it later? That's the question. Do you need it now to get where you want to go or can you start the path? What, what are your thoughts? Well, I, I guess no, the not necessarily right now and And I guess that could bring up something else is I'm kind of scared at this point in time to take out the loan. You should be because here's an option. Here's why I asked the question. I'm cutting you off because one of the things I think you have to explore is you tested the accounting field and the co-op, you know, you like it.


That's half the battle. That's huge. I would be getting back into the field, I'd be getting a full-time job with a good firm and be looking at firms and in the interview process, find out how many of these firms are willing to help you with your master's degree or maybe pay for the entire thing through either reimbursement or they're just gonna fund it. This is very, very possible. And I'd be kicking the tires on this coal before I ever even sniffed at the idea of taking out a loan. Plus you've got the cash, so you don't need a loan anyway. You've got the cash, you can make the additional $5,000 between now and whenever you decide to start, there's no absolute reason at all for you to get a Loan. And you don't have to have it all up front.


So, I, I I, if I were you, I'd get back in the business and see if one of these firms, let's get in there and bust it for six months and then say, Hey, I'm kicking the tires on a master's. Here's why. And Go, you don't have to to do an accounting master's, you do not have to be a full-time student. That's, there's plenty of, that's adult programs that people do while they work a full-time job and finish up their masters. I agree. They do it. People do it every day and they're not that expensive. What you're talking about paying is a little high Yeah. For a master's degree. And so you ought to be able to do that for around 20. Really? And there's such a demand out there Dave where Yeah, I I think you, I think you go get a job where they have a benefit that pays for your education. I agree. And you get it free and you're working and making money, which means you're gonna be, that's like a $20,000 signing bonus.


A $40,000 signing bonus if you go do what Ken is suggesting. So the, the the the delta between where, what you're talking about doing, making no money, not working, going to school, burning through your cash. so what would you have made during that two years and and the and and what would you have spent that maybe someone else would've paid you during that two years and paid for your school? I mean now we're talking, we're bumping up to a hundred thousand bucks here. Difference in that plan and the plan your own currently. So no, I think you could get a job man and just make sure that the people you get a job with are, you know, doing accounting with a finance degree that wouldn't be that unusual at all.


And you've got the, you got the chops to do that with an undergrad. Nothing wrong with that at all. You just don't have the master's in accounting and you're not gonna be, you're not on a CPA track until you get that. And but take a job with somebody that pays well, has reasonable hours and is gonna pay for your master's. And that's exactly what I would do if I were in your shoes. Your idea's not bad. The process of how you're getting at it sucks. And that's what I would change. I I just think these graduate degrees folks, they're always going to be there. So don't feel this pressure to jump right into it. If it doesn't make any sense. Those programs are always gonna be there. And increasingly in today's world, we're seeing companies that are paying for these programs 'cause they wanna retain quality people.


You know there are a lot of grad post-grad work that you can do, graduate degrees that you can get that are economically useless. That's Right. They don't do anything. The MBA is actually useful. You actually can further your career, not because you have an MBA, but because of what you learn while you're getting the MBA and it is a box that has to be checked if you're gonna go to CPA. That's correct. So, you know, you don't have a choice on that one. But the but, but you know, there's a lot of stuff but people are going, well I'm gonna go get my for what you just collecting, you know, just collecting certificates and very expensive little certificates. Gold lined. Yeah.


Certificates. Steven is in New Jersey. Hey Steven. What's up? Hi Dave. How Hi Ken. Thank you for taking the call. Sure. How can we help? So my wife And I got married in November. Congratulations. Thank you. She's expecting Congratulations in December. Yes. And so we both listen to the show. We both, we we've been through FPU, we've got the EveryDollar app, which is the premium version. Very, very helpful. And so right now we're renting a one one bedroom apartment. Our lease is up in April.


We're, she's gonna take three months off from the baby. That kind of lines up to the end of our lease. And we're speculating moving in with my dad for a concrete period of time to save money. What is the concrete period of time? Six months. Okay. Which way are you all leaning? 'cause you called to get our take. So you guys are leaning one way or the other. Which way? So I. Think all parties agree that it would be not the ideals of situation. My dad still works. My twin brother lives at the house.


The other big factor that that leans me towards it is right now we spend about 1750 a month on rent. And a a another factor is my neighbor who used to watch us as kids would be more than happy to babysit. And that What's Your household income? We make about one 30 together. Okay. You guys do whatever you wanna do. I wouldn't do it. Yeah, I agree with that. I don't think your twin brother or your father has any idea what they're signing up for With a brand new baby in the house, nobody going to sleep. And your wife, your wife's probably telling you she doesn't want to do this.


Yeah, she may have not said it overtly. She may be trying to be kind, but I think she's sending you signals. She doesn't wanna do this. Mine would, mine would be going Nope, nope. Less than ideal Dave code for it could get messy. Nope. This is bad. No, I I don't think I'm going there. I I'm gonna, you know, I'm gonna be okay.


You've worked saved, sacrificed, and been gazelle intense with your financial game plan. But do you have the right defense in place like the right health insurance? Look, you can't walk past a doctor's office these days without getting a massive bill. And if you don't have health insurance, a major medical situation can undo all of your hard work. That's where my friends at Health Trust Financial can help. They work for you, not the insurance company. So they find you the right health insurance and they save you money. Ramsey has recommended Health Trust Financial for two decades because they're the experts. And whether you're 19 years old or 90, you can trust them to do two very important things. Listen to you then find you health insurance coverage with everything you need. And nothing you don't. Health Trust Financial is your one-stop shop for unbiased advice about affordable health insurance options. They could save you hundreds of dollars a month. So make sure you're not overpaying. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com today. Health Trust Financial


dot com. Hey guys, if you wanna help us out, we could use the help. Click the share button on your podcast or your YouTube and share this show with people. Also subscribe and follow and do that. All those things help us considerably because it causes the algorithms to push the show forward and tells people about it that might not even know they were looking for it. So it's very nice. And so thank you for all the help you've given us because, and continue to do it please. Because it changes everything. Our numbers on YouTube and on podcast are way up and it's all you people's fault. Thank you. We appreciate it. Garrett is in Bowling Green Kentucky.


Hi Garrett. Welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hey, thank you so much for your time. I appreciate it. I'll jump right into this and I'll be honest, I really have no approach. I know nothing about what to do, how to handle this, this situation that'll be coming in the future. Okay. My, my parents, they have roughly $700,000 in the bank. No debt. A 10 acre farm and a house. I am the only biological child to my father. My brother and sister are stepchildren to him. There upon conversation with my dad, there is no plan in place of how the money will be dispensed or the farm, the house, other than my father says, well, when I, when I leave this world, the assets, the money, everything, it'll go to your mom.


She can do whatever she wants with it. And then when she leaves the world, it goes to you Garrett. The home and the farm are deeded to me. They have a, I think they, you know, they can live there while they're alive, but then when they pass it's mine. But When did they do that? It's been about four years ago. Yeah. So this whole situation makes me very uneasy. It's a lot of money. And I just don't want a a a sibling rivalry. Yeah, I agree. So I. I don't know what to do. So were your stepbrother and sister raised by your father? Yes sir. They were, but it was not a good situation.


What's that mean? Well, my father's an alcoholic and it was a very abusive home for them and myself and my father, unfortunately is more inclined to give me more than them. I don't like that. But I know that that's where his heart's at. 'cause he's told me, Okay, well if he leaves it all to your mother, he no longer has a choice in it. She can do what she wants. Yeah. Because she would have a will that dic. Yes sir. That dictated what happened to her assets. We're pretty sure he's gonna die first it sounds like. Yeah. He's older and not in good health at all.


Yeah, Well the drinking and all that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Because I know that my dad doesn't have a wheel. I know that my mother doesn't have a wheel, which to me is kind Of alarming. So I. I if Yeah, it is alarming and and it puts you in a bad position, but it doesn't sound like your dad is the type that cares if he leaves you in a bad position. He, he doesn't see that. He doesn't see that it's put me in a bad spot. Yeah. So if you went down and sat down with him in person, had a cup of coffee and say, dad, look, this is not good. I'm not, I'm not good with this.


I need you to do a will. I need mom to do a will because you're gonna leave me being the bad guy in this And. I don't wanna be the bad guy. Yeah. These people are gonna end up mad at me. And, I. I don't, I don't, I don't want that to happen. And once you get the will done, you need to tell everybody what the will says. Okay. So if they wanna be mad at him or they wanna be hurt by him or your mom or whatever else, that's fine. Yeah. Now, so the truth is that if he just does a will and leaves it to your mom and your mom does a will and puts it three ways, anything you can do about it. Yeah. Okay.


You know, if, if that's what she wants to do. Yeah. But who, the Lord knows what these people are gonna do. Right. So the proper way to do this is for both of them to have a will. And the will says that 100% goes to my spouse. If I die, 100% goes to the other spouse if I die. So, and then if we both die or upon the death of both of us, here's how it's gonna be divided up. It's called a mirror image will, their wills are identical. We just switch the names out. Okay. It All goes to my spouse, all goes to my spouse. If we both die or when we both die, it all goes this way. And they can lay that out. It's not super expensive. You can go to MamaBear Legal Forms dot com. You can help 'em do it. It, you know.


Okay. It's gonna, but it's just gonna, the problem is it's gonna make him face your mother and he doesn't wanna do that. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know if you're gonna be able to pull this off relationally or not. But the answer to your question is, the proper way to do this would be to lay it all out and then meet with the other two and tell them this is what, here's what the will says. And have a reading of the will while everybody's alive. Okay. And then you don't have all the people mad and trying to contest a will and they're angry at you like you did something. 'cause you're not allowed, if you're left as the executor of the estate, you're not allowed to do anything except what the will says.


Regardless of if you like it or not. Yeah. Executor estate. Okay. Yeah. So the executor is the one who con, who conducts the business of the will after a person passes away. You follow me? Yes. So if your dad said sell the farm, well the farm's already gone. It's in your name. Yes sir. Okay. Which may be a huge tax problem, but that's a side issue. Oh boy. But the 'cause you're now have a basis in the farm of what they paid for it, which is little nothing. So you're, when you sell it, you're gonna have a hundred percent gain. Just about. Gotcha. So putting it in your name early was really dumb on their part. Gotcha.


They did not do you any favors. So they probably cost you whatever the farm's worth times 15% whenever you do do sell it someday anyway. So yeah, laying it all out and everyone being in agreement ahead of time is the proper thing to do. But that requires a level of family for the family to be somewhat functional. Not not dysfunctional. And I don't know that your dad's gonna do all this, but it's the right thing to do. Yeah. And it's, what does he, what are his other options on that deeded property? 'cause he said the farm and the house I believe. so what does he do in that situation? Is he just pretty much stuck with it? Or can that be unwrapped? I don't know.


Yeah, it's four years old. You'd have to see an attorney and Right. Get it done. I'm not positive, but folks, lemme walk this through because sometimes some of you have heard it before, if you've listened to the show for a while, but it's worth covering for the rest of you. This is two of these calls we've got in this hour. That's correct. Where people just freaking move stuff around and don't act like there's any consequences. Okay. To start with, when dad deeds the farm to his son, dad is subject to gift tax. A 55% of the value of the farm. You can't just deed stuff to people. Well it's my son, I don't care. You have voted people into office who have promised to tax you into oblivion and they're good at it.


And so there's tax law in place that's gonna take your freaking head off. If you start just handing people assets. You cannot do this without getting good professional help, a good tax attorney or whatever. So let's pretend that dad and mom bought, or dad bought this farm in 1960 or something, whatever the flip, I don't know. And he paid almost nothing for it. When you transfer an asset prior to death, whether it's a share of stock, a piece of real estate, you transfer it prior to death. You move what you paid for it as the basis over to the person who got it. Yeah. So now our friend Garrett, it says when he gets ready to sell the farm, it says if he paid $13,000 for it, and he's gonna sell it for a million bucks and he's gonna pay taxes on a million bucks, capital gains tax because it was transferred prior to death.


If instead dad had left the farm in a will to be given to Garrett upon his death, Garrett's basis for tax gain would be the value of the farm. At the time of death. We're using a million dollars as an example, let's say this, how this farm is worth a million bucks today. Now Garrett's basis is a million dollars if dad dies this year. And if he sells it, he only pays taxes. If he sells it within six months, he pays zero tax. Yeah. Wow. Because it's presumed to have been sold at market value. If he sells it after six months, three or four years from now, he only pays taxes on the amount over a million that he gets for it.


So this discussion, if this farm's worth a million dollars and if he bought it many, many, many years ago, is probably 150 $200,000 mistake that dad has made here. That Garrett's gonna end up giving the government when he sells his farm someday, 150 to $200,000. Too much that he didn't have to do because his father was too big a goer to get a good lawyer to set this stuff up. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen.


And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. The phone number here is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Ken Coleman is my co-host today.


He's the number one bestselling author and of course the host of The Ken Coleman Show and talks to people about how to make more money in their lives. And that's one side of the equation, right? And I'm the other side, don't spend so much. There we go. So phone number here is triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in. Rebecca is in New York City. Hi Rebecca, welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hi Dave. Hi Ken. Thanks for having me on. Sure. What's up So? I had a question. A couple of questions. I first, I called a couple years ago and paid off my house, so thank you. Way to go. Your advice.


So very exciting. How's that feel? So really good. Yeah, really good. What's, what's the house worth? So I A couple of years. So we bought our house for 3 22 and now it, it's worth over 700. Yeah. Wow. Love it. So yeah, super exciting. So yeah, so a couple years out and now I'm, you know, doing pretty well, thinking about my future. I'm, I've got two children, I'm married, And, I, pay a tremendous amount of money on taxes and just Wanna know. Are there any strategies that I can use to, to mitigate that or make my money work for me and, and my family and our future?


Move outta New York is one. I know it may not be a viable option. You were Gonna say that? Yeah, that's the smart, that's the smart eck answer. I know it's a southerner joke. I apologize. It's insensitive is actually what it is. 'cause you live there. No, I agree with that. I wish I could. There you go. Okay. So the thing you, the, the, the, the mis a mistake that people make when we get mad about taxes, and I'm as mad as anybody about taxes, I hate 'em. But the, the mistake that we can make is we start doing things that don't make good business sense or economic sense all in the name of saving taxes.


Okay. You don't want to do that. Okay? Right. So don't, don't get so motivated by this that you get yourself in trouble. So, I mean, if you get yourself into some bad, I wanna say My fair share, not 52%. No, that's not the point. That's I'm not, it's not about your fair share. No. Anybody, but that's a myth. Anybody that pays federal income tax pays more than their fair share because 48% Yeah. Of the people in the United States of America pays zero federal income tax. That is not fair. Okay. That's not fair. That's not, that's not reasonable. So the, the idea that you, you've done something wrong and should be punished is asinine. But anyway, not by you, but just in, in general.


But okay, so all that to say, the only thing I would tell you to do is it's probably gonna be worth some money to spend on good tax preparation. Getting a really stellar, super smart tax person in your corner. It might cost you a few thousand dollars more, but you guys are making enough and have enough that that, that it's worth it to look at every little thing. The amount of money I spend on preparing our taxes and managing our taxes every year is ridiculous.


But it makes me, but it saves me more in taxes than it costs me. So, I do it. And Right. Because I'm not, you know, I, I Wanna know what every rule is, what every law is that I can utilize morally and legally to keep those bozos from my money. And, and so I'm gonna, I'm gonna spend the money to find somebody that knows every one of those things. And they're not illegal things. They're not loopholes, they're not tricks, they're not something that's done wrong, all that kind of stuff. It's none of that. It's just things in the law that there's no way, you know, the, the tax law is so, there's so much volume to it that to have somebody that really knows what they're doing is worth the money.


So I would just tell you, look for a, a tax ELP go to endorse local provider at Ramsey Solutions dot com for your area and interview a couple of them. There'll be two or three of 'em will pop up in your area and just find, you know, you're looking for somebody super smart and really knows their stuff and works with high income people and knows every little nook and cranny, but don't spend money. Don't go spend $10,000 to save on, to create a 10,000 tax deduction because that only saves you $4,000 in taxes and you gave up 10 to save four. That's not a good trade. And that's the kind of crap people do when we get mad enough about taxes.


If you wanna do that, just increase your giving to your church and it, you know, at least the money's going to something good give, you know, give, if you want to turn 10,000 into 4,000 tax savings, just increase your charitable giving. You can do that without, it's not fancy at all. But it's not a, it's not a mathematical trade you wanna do very often. I mean, you wanna do good generosity, but I'm talking about you don't do this for tax reasons. You do it for giving reasons because the, the economics of it, you're turning 10 into four. Yeah. And that, that don't, that don't work. And real quick, it's really important that for a broader audience, that you really have a tax pro in your life, no matter how much money you make, because I'm just looking at this And I know that the New York state taxes very, very different, much more complex than, than Tennessee, for instance.


And so the federal plus the state taxes, having that tax pro Dave is huge because of the minutia, loopholes and all those things. It really is important. Well, I've got friends that, that, that are people of serious net worth and serious income. And when they sit down with a pro and they look at what California has recently done with an extra 15% on people that make serious money, they said, you know, I really like, I really love California, but I'm not gonna live here anymore. Absolutely. And they left. Yeah. And that, you know, I I can name three or four people off the top of my head right now that have left there in the last three years because of their tax law and paid cash for a house in the Nashville area Yes.


With the savings from one year. Yeah, That's exactly right. Not paying California. So that's what the, that's what this, but, but at least you, you know, you may wanna choose to stay. That's right. Not saying that Rebecca needs to leave. We were joking with her about that. But the but sort of my buddy could choose to stay in California if he wanted to stay there. That's right. But he needs to know what it's costing him. That's correct. To be there. Yep. And so they left. Yep. And one of 'em building a house over by you. I know. Yeah. Trust me. Don't get him. He shall remain nameless, but don't get started. Get him started talking about California taxes and, and He lived there his whole life. Yeah. So he's particularly Pissed and p and also palpably excited about what his income's gonna look like after officially moving to Tennessee's With zero income tax.


Yeah. Bouncing up and Down. We don't have a state income tax. Yes. And we're one of quite a few states that doesn't, and the economies are booming in every one of those states. Go figure. There's your, there's your whole, there's your Art Laffer analysis of this. Right. So, but that's true. I mean it's just, it's a math thing. That's right. And so when you look at the math and you go, this is what it's doing to me here, this is what's doing to me here. You're punishing me. I don't wanna be punished for something I didn't do. I don't wanna be punished for my success. And that, that's what it gets down to. Yeah. Wow. We did all that. And it's not even April, I usually get so pissed around April that I have to do a tax rent. But, you know. Well, It's always, you know what, when you're coming up on election Dave, it's always good for a Dave tax rent.


Just to remind people one of the issues they should be thinking about. Yeah. The, see, See. Did I get Help? Yeah, there it is. There it is. Now we gotta go to a break. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp Hagen. Folks, the Back to School Madness is upon us. It's hitting us right now. We got travel and work and all these forms to fill out now and sports, to travel to and on and on. My family's schedule is so packed and we haven't even begun talking about things like exercise and date nights and counseling and church and home projects. And those are the things that make our life even worth living. Here's what I've learned when it comes to taking care of me. I have to put on my oxygen mask first, and that means that I have to do the things that keep me well and whole And I know that you have to do those same things too. So don't skip the things that matter to you, including regular exercise, hanging out with your friends and regular therapy appointments. And when it comes to therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, it's flexible, and it's suited to fit your schedule. And therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, how to set and practice boundaries, how to become the best version of yourself, and most importantly, how to find peace in all of this chaos in this upcoming season. Make sure you put on your oxygen mask first. Never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dooney today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/dooney.


Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment, affording a home is impossible and you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right, wrong George Kamel here. Listen. Finding a home you love within your budget is possible and I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving a Down payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist. We'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. Ken Coleman Ramsey Personality is my co-host today, Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five.


Today's question of today is brought to you by Why Refi. If private student loan debt is taking away your peace of mind, you don't see any way out, well, you need Why Refi. I love this company. I love what they do. Why, Refi refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch, and they give you a low fixed rate loan built customized for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ramsey might not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Craig in Iowa. I'm 42 years old. And I work as a security guard earning close to $25,000 a year. I'm currently trying to find a second job to increase my income. Using one of the online recruiter websites is like playing the lottery and hoping to win. Amen. I have a teaching degree that's right in high school math. But quickly realized I don't have what it takes to be a teacher. I've worked in fast food for 10 years until my body gave out, and that's when I started working as a security guard. I have $35,000 in debt made up of credit cards and a car loan rent is $800 per month. I don't have any retirement investments. I've been stuck for a long time. And I need help with how to get unstuck. Ken, be honest with me. Is there any way I can turn my career around since I have been a Turkey for so long.


It's funny, but it's not true. Let's start with that. You've got some, you're beating yourself up here because you, you've not gotten through and you've not had any breaks and it's really because you admitted you've been playing the job lottery after realizing that high school teaching wasn't for you. I would be going back to the teaching degree because you actually have a degree that's gonna help you. Two, I would be looking at what you enjoy about instructing. There was a reason why you chose being a high school math teacher. I think the thing I can pull from a question like this without being able to talk to you is obviously you're good in math. You probably enjoy math to some degree.


That kind of thinking and the idea of instructing people pouring into people that, that, that was interesting to you. So you get into high school teaching and for a variety of reasons, it's not for you. What I wouldn't do is discount all of those signs that led you to high school teaching And, I. Think if you could think about that degree and how you could parlay that and your relationships into some type of, of role where you're instructing people. This could be very simple, where you walk into a, a company and you become a training manager or a trainer. That's just one example. It's the art, the skill of instruction, and you are pointing to people and yet you're dealing with adults who hopefully are there because they wanna be there.


Not a high school math situation with all of those extenuating circumstances. so what I'm looking at here is what do I enjoy doing? What am I good at doing? I have some clues from the past security guard, isn't it? Your soul's slowly seeping out of your body as you stand there and check on things. So believing back to the very first point that you have something to offer is huge. Figuring out what you can offer and you have some clues to that. And now it's where, where in my community are they looking for somebody who has more skills than just instruction? The ability to plan, the ability to communicate the, you know, you have several things that you have at your disposal.


And, I. Think if you see it as I've got this tool belt with a lot of very good tools, then we can do something with that. And you know, I wish I was with you on the phone. I'd give you the get clear assessment. I'd get the book, find the work you're wired to do, which has the get clear assessment in it and it's gonna give you a great self-awareness test. And Dave, the reason that I'm preaching this self-awareness here is because a person who is clear Yes. Is confident. Exactly. And this email is wreaking in a lack of confidence for a variety Of reasons. Yeah. And I'd pick up the proximity principle and get off the lottery. Yeah, that's Right too. You don't have to do the lottery thing with the things Now Ken, I'm reading here. Okay. I'm just looking at his word choices. Yeah. In this, but quickly realized I don't have what it takes to be a teacher.


Now we don't know what that means. We, We Don't. Yeah. I, let me give you a guess. Okay. Yeah. I have a guess too. I don't wanna deal with unruly misbehaving children where there's no discipline in the classroom or in the school because the helicopter parents are creating snowflakes. You just Took both those, that that is the environment. Okay. And I don't wanna work in that environment. Yep. And that, I'm gonna just guess. Okay. That's my guess. This is one of the reasons teachers are leaving en masse, is they're being asked to teach things on a value system basis that they hate in an environment that's completely chaotic and outta control. And the inmates are running the asylums. Yep. And so the teachers are running out the door with their hair on fire. We're losing the best and brightest people to teach our young people because we won't freaking make the system behave where there is no law and order.


There cannot be prosperity. Yeah. Okay. Now end of rent. But that's the reality. It is his reality. If that's why you left the classroom, then you are a real candidate to be a fabulous one-on-one tutor. I Agree. And as a tutor, a math tutor to high school students, you can make 30 to $50 an hour. Lemme throw another Scenario. That ain't 25,000. That's right. Let me, lemme throw another scenario out. That's 50, 60,000 a year. Yeah. And let's take a Chick-fil-A manager. Okay. 'cause Chick-fil-A's a wonderful organization, they value their people.


Somebody like this could walk into a Chick-fil-A that needs a manager and he's gonna make more money than than that double, triple that money with a path to actual growth than they're gonna treat you like a million dollars. That's an example. Again, he's got so much that he can do because half of what I've got a good friend who's a Chick-fil-A operator. And you would be, you'd be leading quality young people. Leading young people who want to be there. Yeah. You're a Part and that you can fire. That's, That's right. So that's just one example. And tutoring, we could go down the list of all the things that a teacher brings to the table from a skill and experience standpoint. Yeah. Teachers actually have a, a lot of magical powers. They really do. I agree with that's it's the ability to sell an idea.


Yes. And pull someone through a frustrating experience. 'cause 100% of learning has a frustration level to it. When you're learning something new, you have that moment where you kind of grit your teeth and get pissed off for a second. Do you know what the most magical power a teacher has? What's that? They transfer belief. I think we can all look back in our lives at a teacher who believed in us and it changed our trajectory. May have been in the second grade and it may have been in a small way, but I think teachers that magical power, I'm glad you said that. I think they transfer belief and when someone believes in you pH that's powerful stuff. And, I gotta tell you. I'm, I could, I could tell you, you, I could tell you, I've written about, I've written blogs have about some of the teachers that we've had and some of the stories and you know, we've talked about it a lot of times.


But yeah, it's exactly right. And the number of times, you know what's running through my head too? And, I. Don't know. I don't know how to monetize this or what the business model is, but the number of times someone says to us in the money world, I'm not good with money 'cause I hate math. Math intimidates me. I'm not good with math. So I'll never be able to have money. Yeah. And so that's interesting. There there is this with math, people don't say that about English. It's true. Yeah. They just destroy the English language like, like I do. And they don't think anything about it. Right. And, but they, but about they don't go, well, English intimidates me. They don't say that. Okay. It's true. But they say math intimidates me. Like math has a spiritual power to it or something.


Right. Which I'm a math nerd. Math comes easy to me. So I never understood that idea. But I wonder if there's not something a guy like this could do to help the adult population that's intimidated by math. Well, again, financial coaching, you know, you know, going to work in finance. Finance, excuse me. You know, it's, there's so many ways that he can go accounting again, let me, lemme tell you what I know about tax Pros. If you can do math, it opens up a lot of doors. You wanna talk about a massive opportunity for somebody who's good with numbers is jumping in the tax field. There is a, our team will tell you this. In fact, our, the personalities, we're sitting down with our tax team recently and talking about the industry, and I'm telling you, you good with numbers.


You wanna make good money and be secure in your job, go into tax preparation. They're looking for people who can handle the unbelievable crush of business. That's just one example. Well, and there's new crap you have to learn every year that's they change it all. That's right. Just to make sure they steal more from you. I mean, to actually help more Yeah. Pay your fair share. It's a never ending learning curve. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, those are some great examples. Yeah. He's got tons of options. There's a lot of things he can do. Security guard is not his destiny. No. That's his, I that's his, I quit position, I quit on life. Yeah. Position. So, yeah, I, I, I agree Ken. I'd pick up proximity principle and the work you're wired to do and take the, take the get clear assessment and then go do something.


Get, get, get active again. You're not a Turkey, you're, you know, you're just, you're just parked in the wrong place. You need a new parking spot.


Dying without a will can cost your family thousands of dollars in legal fees and administrative costs. A will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want and it saves your loved ones extra stress at a tough time. So making a will on MamaBear Legal Forms dot com should be your number one thing on your to-do list. And if you need another reason, August is National Make a Will month. You guys creating your will takes just 20 minutes on MamaBear Legal Forms dot com. Heck, you can do it during halftime of the game if you're watching. So you got no excuse. Plus you can make changes to your will for free for up to 180 days until you're completely satisfied. There are a lot of online will companies out there, but with Mama Bear, there are no membership fees, no subscription, and no upselling. The price you see at the beginning is the price you pay. So go to MamaBear Legal Forms dot com and save 20% with a promo code Ramsey. And now you really have no excuse not to get it done. That's 20% off at MamaBear Legal Forms dot com with the code Ramsey.


Hey folks, there's a lot of half-baked investing advice out there, but here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart Investor Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor


Ken Coleman. Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America.


If you're gonna buy or sell a house in the middle of this weird real estate market, well if you do that, you would need a pro right now. You need a pro anytime. But a pro is a real estate agent who does 30 to 300 transactions a year and actually knows what the flip they're doing. They didn't get their license last week. You don't wanna list your $500,000 asset with somebody who just learned to drive a car. I mean, come on. That's what you're saying. I got my license last week. I'm your Aunt Sally. I don't care. Aunt Sally. Good luck with your new business. I'm not listing my $500,000 asset with you. No, you need a pro Ramsey. Trusted is Ramsey trusted real estate agents or people that we have vetted, that we regularly coach and talk to and they know the Ramsey systems and they'll help you do real estate the right way. And now is a great time to buy and a great time to sell. A lot better time than it's gonna be like a year from now. What if you, what if you had bought last year instead of this year? Yeah, yeah. You would've avoided all those price increases. Hello? So if you're in a good position with your money and you're ready to buy and you need a Ramsey trusted real estate agent, you can find one for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent


Josh is in Tampa. Hey Josh, how are you? Hey, am doing well Dave, how are you Better than I deserve. What's up? Hey, so kind of a weird situation. Need to get some advice from you guys. So here's the gist of it. My wife, And I are currently in the process of looking to buy our first home. We are debt free and have always been been a big, big fan, big believer of just doing things debt free. And we are actually in the position to pay the house entirely with cash. Way to go without House. Poor. Awesome. Yeah. So we are are super nervous, excited.


It's, as most people can know, it's a huge purchase. But we're getting some pushback from friends and family, mainly because one of the main arguments is that that can be put into investment more in the market instead of just buying a house the normal way and doing a, a mortgage So I. so what they're saying is, if you had a paid four house, what these people are saying is if you had a paid for house, you should go borrow on it and put the money in mutual funds. Yeah. Okay. Well lemme help you with this. We did the largest study of millionaires ever done in North America.


Detailed airtight research. The conclusions we came to in that study have been so thoroughly vetted and the research methodology was so tight that if you don't agree with the conclusions of that study, you're what's known as wrong. Because this is data, it's facts. Okay. We studied 10,167 millionaires. The vast majority of the people that had a one to a $5 million net worth were com, like 85, 80 8% of them were composed of a healthily funded 401k plan That ends up with, you know, seven, 800,000 bucks in it and a paid off home of seven or 800,000 bucks.


So that's 1,000,005 million six net worth. The number of millionaires that we interviewed out of the 10,167 that used your broke family and friend's idea, they're broke people by the way, I know this because their theory they're using is makes them broke. Okay. The number of millionaires that we interviewed that said we became a millionaire by taking our paid for house and borrowing on it and putting the money in mutual funds, the number of millionaires that said that out of 10,000 was precisely zero.


None of them became millionaires. Doing what? You're I'll be nice, ill-informed ignorant friends and family are saying That was nice. That was like a Hallmark card. Yeah. That was nice. That was so sweet. Yeah, because I wanted to call them all kinds of names, but I'll just call their ideas stupid and inaccurate and they're trying to influence you. So these people don't get a vote. Whoever they are, just go ahead and write their name down in the column of don't get a vote on money. 'cause they don't know what they're doing. Hmm. They don't, there there's no one, we couldn't find a one out of 10,000 Josh that did what your people are telling you to do.


That's how dumb the idea is. It wasn't like it was only 70% of 'em and 30% did your friends plan? No, no, none of them. Not one. That's how dumb the idea is. It's like the number of them that became millionaires with their airline miles was precisely zero. The number of them that thought that leasing a car was a great idea. There was actually a couple of those. There was, there was more of those than your idea, which is also a stupid idea by the way. But there was, you know, there's probably 15 or 20 outta 10,000 that thought leasing a car was a good idea.


But most of this is the kind of stuff we discovered. So the, the what the suggestion is so asinine that it's preposterous. Does that help you at all? Yeah, no, it does. We're just, we've, we've literally looked at or heard your show for a while and it's one of those things of, we always have gotten excited when people say, Hey we, we've gotten out of debt, we've never been there. We've paid off our mortgage, we've never been there. So as we are walking through this, we just wanna make sure that we're making wise decisions and that Okay's the thing. This is just So I cash for your house. And if you hate it then you can get a mortgage. Sounds good.


Try that one. I mean, you know, it's, but I, I've never had anybody goes, I really hate being debt free. I, I, people get pissed at me about a lot of stuff, but none of 'em are pissed at me about paying off their house. None of them. I mean, it's just, you know, I get I Like that you gave him the option to get the mortgage after he paid the house off. That's great. That's, that's kind of a, hey, give it a shot. You know, scratch and sniff. You know, if, if, you know, if, if if you lose 30 pounds and you hate it, you can get fat again. It's not hard. It Is true. It's real. Getting fat's easier than losing the weight. I'm telling it's not True. It's so true. I mean, it's not, it a lot more fun if you hate it.


You know, if you cut up all your credit cards and you get out of debt and you hate it, just wait about 10 seconds and there'll be 14 credit cards in your mailbox. Yeah. You don't have to worry. They'll send them right back to you. They, they, it's not like you broke up with them and they're mad. They just, they'll they'll come back for more and they'll up your everything. Oh God. Yeah. I mean it's, try it, try something different folks. And listen, you gotta listen. If broke people are making fun of your financial plan, it's always a good sign. If fat people are making fun of your health and fitness plan, that's a good sign. It's a good sign. You know, it's just, you know, if people that are have been married six times don't like the way that you treat your husband or your wife 'cause you're nice to 'em and, and you know.


Yeah, it's great point. It's a good sign. Yeah. If their kids are hoodlums and they're making fun of how strict you are. Yeah. It's a good sign. You might be doing something right. It's A good sign. Yeah, it's a good sign. You mean you don't allow your children. That's right. I don't. Alright. So nor my grandchildren nor my dog. You know, like, Alright, so Dave for the new people who are slightly cynical, where does the theory come from? From the people that you, you just dismantled it, but I think it'd be fun for you to explain theory. If you borrow the money from, you borrow the money at prevailing interest rates. 6%. Okay. That's right. And you put it in a good mutual fund at 11% people think you're making a 5% spread. Well, you're not there. It's, you're not, you're not, because you gotta pay taxes on your gains. And so if you make 11% on your money, you know, you gotta pay taxes on, on that 11%.


And so the, so your spread is reduced by the taxes on 11%, which, and a 30% tax bracket would be about three points. So your five is now two. Okay. And so you're doing all this crap for 2% spread net of taxes. It's very tax inefficient to start with. And if, if you did all that and you net net of taxes, then you've not adjusted for risk because 100% of the foreclosures occur on a home with a mortgage and you've not mathematically adjusted for risk when you adjust for taxes and risk, you don't even make money in this theory. But the naive formula is, oh, I'm, I'm making 11 or 12 and I've only paid six. I'm making the spread. No you're not.


You just naive. You just don't know how this crap works. That's all it is. This is The, Ramsey Show. Hey, it's Dr. John Delony. Look, when you're stressed about money, it makes everything feel out of control. You run around like a maniac trying to make sure everything's covered. Everybody's okay. I've been there. It's the worst. But you can flip the script with an EveryDollar budget. It helps you track spending and expenses in real time. So you always know what's happening with your money. Talk about a weight lifted off your shoulders, start feeling in control of your money. Again, download the EveryDollar app today for free. This is The Ramsey Show Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five.


Ken Coleman, Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. This is pretty interesting. One of our marketing guys pulled this up, did a little statistical analysis, Ken, if in 1973 interest rates for homes were 8.04%, okay, 1973. If you said in 1973, I'm going to wait for interest rates to come down before I buy, it would've been 20 years that you waited until 1993. Wow.


When they dropped to 7.3. That's a word to the wise. For those of you that are saying, I'm not going to buy a house right now because of interest rates you bought, you, you, you marry the house, you date the rate by the house and when the rates go down, if your little theory that rates are gonna go down is right, which I don't think it is, probably, but if they did go down, then refinance. But you know about the only thing we can't be sure of is interest rates. We can be pretty based on histor history anyway. Okay. The thing we can be sure of is that house prices are gonna go up.


That's history that'll help you. Wow. So let me hit you with this Dave real time. This is three hour old article, 30 year average Morgan. This is 30 year 6.28. Lemme see if they got 15 year 5.32 right now. Okay. So I, that's pretty good. I'd move on that. I Wouldn't you Well, the thing is, even if it goes down right, just refinance. That's Exactly Right. Just refinance. But if you, if you're saying I'm gonna wait for rates to go down to buy a house, you might be saying based on that example, I'm gonna wait 20 years and guess what the house prices are gonna do during that 20 years. Hello, Caleb is in Greenville, South Carolina.


Hi Caleb, how are you? I'm doing well Mr. Ramsey. how are you doing today? Better than I deserve? What's up? So I'll make it short and simple for you, but I have a wedding coming up in a couple months. Congratulations. The love of my life. I I greatly appreciate it, sir. I got very lucky. But with the wedding coming up and the cost of the wedding along with living expenses, we are set for about six to eight months of emergency funds. And that is including the wedding paid for. Now I am in real estate in Greenville right now and the market's doing very, very well. And I'm currently on a team where I'm giving about 50% of my income a little over at times away.


And I'm wanting to branch off and create my own team. Now my question is, is it financially and emotionally a good time for me to start doing that? It's a bad time emotionally. And when I say emotionally, I mean with, I mean, it's a bad time. It's a bad time in terms of your, you know, I'm gonna go take a big risk right at the moment I'm getting married, which, you know, you've already got brand new everything getting ready to happen in your life and let's just go ahead and go over at work and do brand new everything too. We're just increasing our stress level. So, I, I would, you know, I'd, I'd wait till six months after anyway just 'cause I, I want you to concentrate on your bride, not your team.


Okay? You're not gonna lose the money you're gonna lose during that time is not much. Now what did you make, what was your personal income last year in real estate? My personal income last year was a little over 30. This year I'm looking at a little over 60. Okay, so you're not moving much property? Well yes I am in a way this year I'm gonna close around 35 to 40 properties, but all in all it's about 50 to 70% that I'm giving away to the team owner. You told me a minute ago, it's 50. Depends which 70 depends on the lead that we get. I'm sorry, it depends on the lead. Okay.


And the price points you're working is low. Anywhere from $50,000 land to $3 million lake properties, Far not many $3 million in the equation you just gave me of 30 people or 30 transactions. And you're only getting home at 50% with 30 grand with 60 grand. That's not so correct. Yeah. So th 30,000 is 3% of million. You, you only did two, you only did $2 million in transactions. You didn't do a 3 million transaction La last year.


So last year, honestly, one of my deals, this is only my second year in real estate and last year I had a a million and a half on one deal and then the rest of 'em came to about 2.5. I would say around total 2.5, 2.6. Okay. 1% of two and a half. Okay. Alright. One and a half. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Alright. Yeah, you just gotta, you need more volume than that to go out on your own. You're not doing enough volume to total dollar volume to, you're not to to, you're gonna take on a lot of overhead and other things that you're not anticipating here. You income's gonna go down if you do this before your volume gets up.


So I would spend this year on your spouse and on getting your volume up and let's get another year of, of experience under your belt before you jump out from under this. The numbers I'm hearing are not you, you know, if you told me you're doing 10, $15 million in volume, then yeah, we can talk about it, but you're really not doing much volume. Is That typical, that high of a share or split, for lack of a better word? 50% would not be unusual. Okay. For a new agent, right. He's a new agent, right. For a starting point they usually work on a gradient, right. Depending on who, I mean everybody's got something different deal. There's no set deal. Right? Okay. But the but that's not that unusual. No. Okay.


So I mean if you, so if you close a half of the, if you're the listing agent or the selling agent, you got 3% you got, so you end up with a one point a half percent on Yeah, that'd be on a hundred that, that's 1500 bucks per a hundred thousand, right? So yeah, to get to 60 you gotta do about 3 million and, and that's just not a lot of real estate. No. So, yeah, and, and you're, the thing is, you're, you're thinking you're gonna double your income And. I'm thinking you're not just by, I agree, getting rid of this because you're, you've gotta go now generate your own leads and you haven't proven that's that you can, that you can do the level of volume that you're gonna need to do to support this.


So no, definitely not in your marriage year. I'd spending some time learning the business the rest of the way, jacking up, run your volume way up and then you might be able to renegotiate too with your, with your team. Or maybe it is time to start a team. I don't care. Nothing wrong with either one. Good question.


Hey folks, here's the deal. The next 40 minutes of this show are now, as of this week only available the last 40 minutes of the show only available on The Ramsey Network app. If you're not listening on talk radio, if you're listening on podcast or YouTube, if you want the last 40 minutes of the show, you can listen to the whole show on The Ramsey Network app. Or you can get the last 40 minutes of the show starting right now. Ready? Set go. So go to the app store or to Google Play and download the Ramsey app. The Ramsey Network app. There's other things on there. You'll be able to email us a question. We might be able to get that on the air and some other stuff too. But the last 40 minutes, as of this week of the show is no longer on the podcast platform and the YouTube platform. It's now on The Ramsey Network app. And so you can pick it up there and we hope you do. It's completely free by the way. We're not charging a thing for it. We just moved it over there from an efficiency standpoint and we want you to go check it out. We want you to check out the app. It's completely free. There's all kinds of goodies in there. By the way. You can search stuff by subject. We've got this beautiful algorithm built in there that if you wanna say, okay, I wanna hear what Dave has to say about buying a house for cash, like that last guy, right? And you could just pull up four or five calls that pull up outta the database and pull it, put it right in front of you and you can listen to several different versions of the opinion on the same subject if you wanted to. If you're like trying to argue with your friend, here's what we say. You know, that kind of stuff. So it's all right there in The Ramsey Network app. Completely free. That's how you're gonna get the last 40 minutes and how you can listen to the whole show. By the way, now if you're on talk radio, you're still getting what you've always got no change at all there, but you have to change stuff up around. That's how business works and life works. So we're changing some stuff that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app, right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store, or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bottom Bing, bottom B. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.