
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz, number one, bestselling author, host of The Rachel Cruze Show, co-host of Smart Money, Happy Hour, two big hits on the Ramsey networks. And my daughter, she's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Tasha's with us in Louisville, Kentucky. Hey, Tasha, how are you? Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up?


I just had a question. I do suffer from a little financial PTSD from the past, and my husband and I have both worked through that. We do not have any credit card debt. We own our own homes. We both work, we have no car payments, however, Sounds like a good disease to me. It, it actually is. And that's why this next part is the problem. My husband finally has got his 25 years in. He desires to work two more years before retirement, but he has started a new side job and it, it has done very well. But with that, he has blown through a substantial amount of hour savings and now he wants to blow into our retirement.


And I don't know if I'm being selfish because of the past traumatic of, or trauma of the credit card debt, et cetera that we had. But, Okay. So I'm, I'm a little bit confused. There's two competing sentences here. He's doing extremely well, but he's blown through a substantial part of our savings. Those two things don't go together. He, So is he doing well or is he blown through the savings? Which is it? He's doing both. He currently works a full-time job. I know, I heard that. But the side gig, how much savings has he used up? How much money? Well, with the FEMA equipment, about 140,000.


The What equipment? The FEMA equipment. Fema Like fema. Fema, yes. So what's He, What's he doing that like in, in North Carolina, like the cleanup for the flooding disaster areas. So like North Carolina, Kentucky, those places. Yeah. You could clean up flooding cheaper than 140,000 in equipment. What's what, what did he buy? He doesn't, He bought excavators. Backhoes. Oh, pressure washer equipment, that sort of thing to kind of, I guess just to work with the damage to clear everything up. And you're in Louis? Yes. And he's in North Carolina?


No, no, no. He just, he goes to, to the places that are flooded and that with catastrophic events. And he's done that for a couple of years. So how much money has he made since he's done really well? About one 50. Roughly about one 50 And job. So he's not doing really well. Regular job. He's broken. He's broke even Well, with his regular job that he No, Honey, when you, I don't care about his regular job. When you open a business and you spend 140,000 to make 150, that's not doing well. Right. That's breaking even. That's Kind of the Well, that's, that, that's, that's kind of the point that he and I have been going back and forth about. Yeah. That's, that's approaching a hobby. And he's also, well, he's also, that's that that, that to me is kind of how I envision it.


But he's also now wanting to add to his collection of things to me that he just like admires No, I know. Why Not making money? It is. Yeah. It's, it's, it, it's been, it's been, Even if you've got, even if you've got $2 million in your retirement, I would still would not do that as a, as a business owner who coaches 10,000 business owners, I tell people to add to equipment only when you're getting an ROI He's not getting an ROI yet. He's not getting a rate of return yet. Right. How Old are you guys? He is 48 and I'm 43. And we both have federal jobs that are very good, but the side job is kind of where it's thrown everything off.


Because I, we had like, everything that we have paid for the, the side job is what we want to call it, has came out of our savings. So, so here's the way I would do it if I were him, not you. Okay. Okay. If I were him, if you used 140,000 of your savings to start a business, I would not buy more equipment until I put that 140 back in savings. Okay. And then I would pay cash for out of the business, only any other equipment. See that that right there is where, because we do have about 89,000 in savings, and then the two pieces of equipment that he's wanting would completely wipe that out.


No, absolutely not. And I, I'm a saver. I'm a saver. It's not, that's not, no, it's not anything to do with that. It's got to do with That's bad business practice. It's a bad way to run a business. How long has he had this open? Okay. When you're losing a quarter of watermelon, you don't get a bigger truck. He's had this open since last June. Last June. So it's been a year. So I support you wanting to be in business, honey. And I want you to be successful in business. The definition of success in business is making money, profit. And so far you've made $10,000 profit when you put the one 40 back in savings, whatever money you make on this side business, if you wanna put it all back into equipment, that's fine.


But we're not taking any more out of savings. I'm not okay with that because it's bad business practice. Okay. He's falling into the shinier thing. If I get more and more piece of equipment, I'll be able to make a profit and No, you need to learn how to make a profit with 140,000 worth of equipment you got. Yeah. And when you can start making money with that, then take that money and make, buy some more equipment. And Tasha, I hope you're hearing this, that this is regardless, this is not you having a traumatic financial event and it's causing this angst amongst you. Like this is just kind of common sense, right? So separate the two. Even if you never had any level of these, like moments nightmarish stuff with money, and you always were great, this would still be stupid.


Right? It's, it's not the difference in a spender and a saver. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's Not, it's, it's not a, it's not a personality thing, it's not a history thing. It's a mass thing. It's just a stupid thing. Just don't do It. Okay. So how do I, how do I explain apart from it being a stupid financial decision? Well, businesses, businesses are supposed to be profitable, honey. And when the business is profitable, meaning you put the 140 back in our savings, then if that businesses continues to make money, we can buy equipment out of the money it makes, it's Called at the speed of cash. Yeah. We grow this business right side business at the speed that it produces cash, not Outta savings that we, that you're dipping into retirement at your age.


Because what you're doing is you're masking over the fact that this so far as a failure. Well, the, the, the issue that I'm having with him as far as understanding that, because I do know that that is not a smart business decision to be pretty much like you said, just making $10,000 in a year from that is that, you know, he has worked so long. He's like, well, I, you know, I have X amount in retirement. Well, we still have to be able to live after retire Retirement. Do you want some wine with that cheese? Exactly. Exactly. Seriously. Call the am beyond. And we, I work so hard And we work really hard. We all work hard. Well, we, we, we manage to pay in three years, almost $91,000 in credit card went off.


That's right. That's how you're supposed to do it. Then we, I listen, I think he has, I think he probably has a business that will work, but he needs to prove it. He needs to slow down. He needs to prove it. Right. You can't buy enough equipment to make something successful. You have to make it successful and then buy the equipment. That's just bull crap. And people do this stuff all the time in business and they go broke and it's just, it's just not wise. Please, you know, you guys gotta keep having the fight and it's not, and it's not because you're damaged goods with PTSD or something. That's not the Rachel's right about that. Rachel's dead on. This is bad business practice. Simple. Regardless of how we got to this point. It's a bad business practice.


Hey, y'all dads do a lot, but they might not think about what happens once they're gone. So, dads listen up when something happens. Your loved ones don't wanna be guessing passwords or searching through the garage to find your important stuff. That's why you need Nokbox. That's NOK as in next of Kin Box. Nokbox is a physical system that helps you simplify and organize all your important documents like your will, account info, passwords, and medical records. And one safe place. You guys, one of the most loving and wise things a dad can do is leave behind a plan, not a puzzle. So Go to Nokbox dot com slash RAMSEY and check it out. Nokbox dot com slash RAMSEY.


Mike's in Atlanta. Hey Mike, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, Thank you guys for taking the call. Sure. So I'm gonna be straightforward to my question. Me and my wife, we have a $70,000 in debt and I'm not so sure if we, Should we file bankruptcy or Not? How, how many thousand dollars in debt? Alright. 70,000. Oh, 70. Okay. On what? 70? Yes. So the breakdown is 50 K on a car repo, 10 k credit card, five on medical, and five in another car. Well, Okay. Are you, what do you guys make, what's your household income? Alright, so my household income is 70 K, 70 2K yearly and take home pay six KA month.


Your wife work? Yes. Me and my wife work. Okay. What do you do? We both bankers. You're bankers? Yes. Okay. All Right. Because you're not making, you're not making much money. No, we're not at all, we're not making much money at all. So we're looking in the next few months to get a promotion so we can bump it up for at least 80 K each. Yeah. Okay. Each So one 60? Yes. In a few months for now, but we're not so sure yet. So it might take it right around like about a year. Okay. Well the good news is, is that I Just, on top of all that, we do have to replace a transmission on the car that we have right now.


And it's worth $4,000 that they're charging us. Okay. Well you're, you're scared and you're overwhelmed and you're behind on bills, but you're not bankrupt mathematically. Okay. Because you can settle. Number one. You're not paying anything on the car repo today? No, we're not. So, as a matter of fact, all these debts, it's because I recently got married with my wife and she carried all these debts into our marriage, but I knew from the beginning, so I'm just trying To Oh, so these are all old debts? Yes. They're all behind. That's All from her.


Okay. Yeah, they're all behind. Well, old debts can be settled for pennies on the dollar. That's what I heard from you. Okay. And so, and a car repo of 50,000 probably means that's not the actual deficit. That probably means that was the total loan on the car. Exactly. Okay. So then they sold the car for something. And the difference is what you technically owe, not the total. Okay. And then you can settle that for somewhere around a quarter on the dollar. Okay. So let's pretend that they sold that car for 20,000 bucks Okay. At the repo lot. 'cause it probably was a 30 or $35,000 car.


Does that sound right? Yes. I'm guessing, but I'm just, I'm probably not that far off. So they sold it for 20,000. She owed 50, so now she owes 30. You don't owe anything 'cause you didn't sign for this car. No, I did not. Okay. So that's where the fund comes in. This is where it gets cute. So you're gonna make the phone call Mm. When you're ready, but not now. And say what's the deficit? And they're gonna say 30,000. And you're gonna start laughing when they say that and say, well, you know, my y'all you've got is my wife and she makes $25,000 a year. You're not gonna get paid, dude. I'm in the banking business and you're not gonna get your money. So I tell you what we can do though.


I will put some money towards this 'cause I've married her and you know, I'll, I'll, I'll give you guys 6,000 bucks. So offer 'em, offer 'em 15 cents on the dollar and plan to settle around 25 cents on the dollar. Okay. And, but you gotta have that money scraped together from living on nothing and piling up cash. And that's your big one by the way, right? Nice. That's the big one. So what we're gonna do is do a debt snowball, but do a different kind. Normally the debt snowball is you pay minimum payments on everything but the little one and attack the little one in that order. Right? Okay. Yes. But these are all bad debts, so we're not paying on 'em now. So we're not gonna do that. Instead, we're gonna list them smallest to largest and we're gonna settle the smallest one first.


Or just pay it one of the two. If you've got a little $200 medical bill, don't screw around with it. Just pay it. Well, it's five grand. And the cars are you, are you guys current on the car, Mike? The $5,000? Yes, we do. Oh Yeah. You need to get that paid off. Yeah. Yeah. Get that paid off and, and then start clearing those medical bills, then clear the credit card and then call the, the repo people. Okay. But The repo people aren't gonna do anything. They're, they're, they're the slowest on the planet. The dumbest on the planet. Okay. So they're not even aggressive. They're just, you know, the credit card people are aggressive. They'll, they'll at least call you names and your mother names and other stuff. But the repo people are, they're just like a slug.


So unless it's one of those tote the note lots and then they're super aggressive. But that's probably not what this is. So anyway. Yeah, that's, you settle it for, so here's the thing. So if we settle the car for seven or eight grand, we sell the credit cards for five grand. We pay the others, it's 20 grand and you're out of debt. Yeah. And I do have to replace the transmission of the car now. That's fine. Go ahead and take care of it. That's what I'm Go ahead and get the car picked. Yeah. And, and shop around. That's not a dealer quote, is it? No. No, it's not A lo a good local mechanic, right? Yes. I got like a quote front, like two mechanics around. What kind of car is that? It was a Ford Fusion. It has a 200,000 miles on it.


I don't even know if it's worth it. It might not be, but so I don't not, don't put a new transmission in it. Put a rebuilt in it. They're half the, they're half the price. Okay. Or buy or have 'em buy one from the salvage yard out of an wrecked Ford Fusion and put the a used one in that's not even rebuilt. And that's even cheaper. You might get that for, you might get that for five to 500 to a thousand. Mike, do y'all have any cash? Yeah, we do. Like, I would say probably like three K. 4K. Yeah. I think you can get this transmission fixed for less than that. Yeah. Yeah. Get a used one from a salvage yard. Get your local mechanic to put it in and 'cause this car isn't worth spending much on. Okay. And let's get it up and running. And then you guys roll up your sleeves and take side gigs and push, push, push for these, these promotions.


And then you just gotta plow through about 20 grand of this and with a system. And you take care of food, shelter, clothing, transportation. You get on a budget and the two of you are living on a budget. You're not going out to eat, you're not going on vacation, you're broke and almost bankrupt. We're not talking about those things. So we're cleaning up this mess. Okay. You can do this. I just wanna be able to, in the future, be like, you guys, I've been watching Rachel, you Dave and everything. It's just like down the road, like maybe 10 years from now, not living this fear and you know, being scared all the time. You'll get there faster than 10 years, Mike. Yeah. It's 10 months. You'll do this. It's 10 months, You guys, how long, how long have you guys been married? A few months. Probably.


Y no, like four months. Four to five. Okay. Yeah. So you're newlyweds, you're figuring this out. Money's so, so Bills are coming. So she comes, she comes in the house and opens up a suitcase full of bricks. Right? Right After the Money's. She's carrying the bricks around. They're dating. It wasn't a surprise. I know he knew they were there. Yeah. He, he was a surprise with the bricks. She told him they were there. Yeah. But they're heavy. They are heavy. And he still, They're still still heavy. She's worth it. She's worth it. Help her clean it up. That's fine. She told the truth. I'm trying to, you knew what you're getting into. You signed up. This is your dowry. Get after it. Yeah. And Mike, I think this is too, you know, we find with couples in general, but I think especially newlyweds, like this first season of marriage, this is a huge mountain for you guys to climb together. And what this will do from a, from being unified going forward, like you guys are doing, one of the scariest things.


I mean, you called and asked if you guys were gonna file for bankruptcy. Like that's how at the bottom you feel, and you guys climbing out of this together is gonna sustain something really beautiful. I mean, seriously, there is, there's so much about, about suffering. And when you do that together and you kind of hit that bottom, what is planted out of that? And the character qualities and what you guys will go through. It's just, it, It is amazing. So honestly, it's if, if, if there's a flip side of it, you can see this as a gift. If you choose to look at it that way and you guys go on this journey together. 'cause I think it's gonna be fantastic. Yeah. I I mean you knew all this was there. You married her and you said, this is, this is what I want to do. You're a stud man.


You got a big backbone, you can do this. You, you signed up for it on purpose. And I, I, that tells me you got the stuff right there. That's not a guy, A guy that's a whos would a run. Yeah. And your incomes. I know you, you mentioned the the raise thing. You Gotta get 'em, you gotta Get 'em up. I mean, both of you guys making 70 together. I'm like, as banker, you guys can do better. Yeah, you can do better. So yeah, push through and if not, then it's gonna be side hustles at night. But that'll be worth it. You know, it's to get outta this as quickly as possible. Hey, Hang on. Christian's gonna pick up, we're gonna get you signed up for EveryDollar Premium and get you into Financial Peace University and make sure you get those budgets going and that you follow the exact steps on pushing through this that we just outlined. And if you do that, you can get through this.


I know you can.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All Right? We all know this. The world is going bananas and we're under huge pressure to perform and look like we're keeping it all together. Check this out. 76% of people globally agree that mental healthcare can help resolve personal problems. Yet six outta 10 people still believe that society discourages people from asking for help. Listen to me, real strength, I'm talking real bravery comes from opening up about what you're dealing with and then doing something about it so you can be your best for yourself and for everyone else that you care about. If you're feeling the weight of the world, please talk to someone, anyone a friend, a loved one, a family member, or a therapist. I see a therapist every week. If you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule to get started. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time and it's easy and it doesn't cost any extra money. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/de


Jan is in Portland, Oregon. Hey Jan, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Well, hello there. Today my question is whether or not it would be a wise move to get solar panels and the reason that we're considering it, we've been solicited heavily in the past and currently as well, but our u our local utility company has recently had an 18% increase and then it's projected to be like a 4% increase each. Okay. Can you do a hundred percent replacement of your, of your power? No. No. It's What percentage can you do? 98%.


Oh, You can, you can replace 98% of your power usage with solar. Yes. Okay. So it what's the break even period on it? About seven years? No, I wouldn't do it. No, that's too long. Yes, it's too long. So if we add more panels, it would be more expensive with that change it thing, it would up the percentage if You can get it to where you, whatever you're buying, whatever percentage It is that you're buying, if you can get it to break even and you pay cash for them and you can get to break even in three to five years, I would consider it. And, and and the reason is solar panels are technology. I endorse solar panel companies in several cities.


Okay. I don't think Portland, Oregon's one of 'em that I remember, but the, the, but so I'm not against solar, don't misunderstand, but there's two things that the solar people do that are wrong that you should not do. One is they want you to finance it. Yeah. And the, you know, the savings is gonna pay the payment for you. Well, bull crap, don't do that. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That puts a lien on your house and now you've got this stuff attached to your house. You can't sell your house, you're screwed up. No. Pay cash for it or don't do it. Number one. Number two, solar panels have been, how old are you? 70? Yeah. Yeah, I'm 64. So this has been a subject that's been around for 40 years.


Agreed. Yes. Yeah. And guess what? During that 40 years, the efficiency and effectiveness of the technology on the solar panels has gone way up. The solar panels of today versus the solar panels of even five years ago are like a 5-year-old computer or a 5-year-old cell phone. Okay. So it, seven years from now, your solar panels are gonna be a flip phone. Oh, okay. The, the, the technology is gonna be completely outdated and, and performing at, you know, 10 or 20% of what the new ones are. I'm making that number up. But the, the technology is all technology and everything is advancing.


Solar panels are technology. They're advancing and they're an alternative energy source. So everybody's trying to help 'em advance. Everybody's doing their r and d because there's tax credits everywhere. Everybody, the government will give you, you know, the state will give you money back the go federal, federal government will give you money back. All this stuff. Everybody's trying to push this out there. And so there's all kinds of money flying around this to make them better. So they're going to get better than they are today. And they are today better than they were yesterday. So don't buy a computer that goes a break even on the computer in seven years. Buy a computer, you break even on it in three years, don't buy a, a cell phone that you don't plan to throw away in about three years.


So in the meantime, at this age, you know, we still have a pretty exorbitant utility bill. Yeah. But this doesn't solve it Because, because You're paying enough money to break even in seven years, you're paying seven times as much as your utility bill today in order to install these stinking things. Oh, okay. I see Your money's already outta your pocket time. Seven. Do you guys have the money for it? Jan? If you wanted to, could you write a check for it? Yes. Okay, Good. Okay. So yeah, I would keep working with the different companies until they look at it. And it may be your electricity has to go up even further before it makes sense or the solar panel's gotta increase in efficiency before it makes sense.


But there might be a 50% percent or a 68% percentage that breaks even in three to five years. I would do that in your case. Oh, Okay. But in the meantime, just kind of put up and shut up with this, these increases because it's, Well, there's nothing you can do about 'em. I mean, And we're super frugal. I mean, we're not wasteful with our utility. No. Which makes you super mad at these people for doing this. Yeah. Kind of. Yeah. And, and it's kind of like one of those things, okay, well I'll show them, I'll just get solar panels, you know, but evidently maybe that's not Well I know I don't, I don't wanna show them by cutting off my finger, you know.


No, that's, no, No, that's Not, no. Yeah. So Maybe you price things around Jan. I mean, honestly, and if you can get the numbers to work with a company to that five year break even saying, Or maybe they come down on their price because you're paying cash up front. Yeah. Oh, well that's a good idea for, because yeah, we have, we've gotten lots of bids And we did decide to Go to with a company that did Not Oh, they're very enthusiastic in their sales. Sure. Yes. And most of them want you to finance because I think that's where they make the money. But we weren't interested in, but it still sounds like we either, if, if It did increase the production, that still is not really a, a positive, I don't care what, I don't care what the number is.


As long as you get your money back in three to five years. Yeah. Okay. That, And Jan with the, with your utilities raising year after year, it may fast forward that, you know, if you look up and you guys are paying a ton for utilities more and more, that increase can show back into that three to five year timeline too. Oh, I see. Because if They go up 18% next year, it's gonna make it faster. Okay. Faster in, I'm sorry, I'm not trying to be dense, but you're not. Explain that You're doing good. You did great. Well, in order. Yeah. In order to get to the, to the three to five year break even, making sure that yeah. You get your investments worth, that means your, if your utilities continue to raise year after year, they're more expensive.


Which means if the solar panels stay at the same price, then it's gonna, it's gonna offset it sooner. Exactly. I know if I'm, I'm saying Break even analysis changes. It's not a, it's not a linear math problem. It's a math problem on a curve. Yep. So it it changes it to go. Yeah, absolutely. You're right. It's a good question though. Yeah. That's a great question. And I'm proud of you for doing cash because that is one thing we will get people that have solar panels to their homes and it's, and it's a loan. They're stuck and it's whole thing. Yes. When they're trying to sell, which is so frustrating And they're stuck. There we go. All Right. Open phones at triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Cameron is in Dallas. Hey Cameron, how are you?


Hey, I am better than I deserve Dave. Thank, Thank you Dave and Rachel for taking my call. Sure. What's up? But my wife and I, we, we've been dreaming about upgrading our home for something a little bigger, maybe a little more functional. And here's my question. Would it be stupid for us to tap into the Roth principle that we've contributed over several years to buy a better house in cash without the burden of another mortgage so that we can, can keep enjoying that baby step seven freedom that, that you're always talking about? No. Well, the other way is not buy the house. Yeah. That, that's true too. Okay. That's True. So you've got options here. The That's true. No, I wouldn't cash out my Roth, the Gar Roth's growing tax free. You don't have anything else on the planet doing that?


No, that's true. No, I I I don't wanna lose the power of that thing. That's gonna be so much stinking tax free money in a few years. And you're not 59 and a half, right? No, no, no. I'm 36. I thought so. Yeah. Okay. What's your household income? 71,000. Okay. And what's the move up gonna cost? It's, I, I've got a paid off house that's two 50 and we'd be looking to move into a four 50. Okay. So you need 200 K. How much do you have non Roth to put towards that? Well, I, I sell the house for two 50. No, I'm saying Yeah, you need the other 200. My, My mother, my mother was recently widowed and she wants to move in with us.


She'd be bringing a hundred K and if I pulled out my principal from my Roth, that'd be another hundred. Ah, okay. And I'm assuming she does not have 200? No, no, no, no. She, she was recently foreclosed on. She, she won't be buying anything anytime soon. Hmm. Well you could Go to three 50. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I can't tell you to do that. I wouldn't do it. And so I don't tell people to do stuff I wouldn't do. I, I get the time sensitive pressure now mom's homeless and has a hundred K and that's different than I wanna wait three years.


You waiting three years she got a problem. And if you really, if your wife wants her to move in and you want her to move in, She takes her a hundred K and rents for six months to a year and you guys build up more savings. You know, I mean, yeah. I, I I'm not gonna tell you to catch out a Roth 'cause I personally wouldn't do it. I would either not move or I would find some other way to skin the cat.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify so we can get you the package you didn't order? Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend DeleteMe. They help with that. Yeah, they do. DeleteMe actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites. And It is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammer to find so Much. But delete me Will delete your data. Hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean, It is incredible. So detailed. And it's beautiful. Get this, so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and save me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. Ramsey fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just Go to join delete me.com/ Ramsey. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's join delete me.com/ Ramsey. Make sure to check it out. You guys.


Two weekends are on sale right now for the Money and Marriage Getaway. Rachel Cruz right here and Dr. John Delony do this a couple times a year. It is a full weekend event and It is an amazing event. Three incredible days here in Nashville on the Ramsey campus to strengthen your money and your wealth, building your connection, deepen your intimacy and more. Tickets start at 7 49. A couple get tickets for the lowest price before they end at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash getaway. Or click the link in your show notes if you're listening on YouTube or podcasts. These things are selling out. They're the November's just about gone. Yes. Yeah. These are great weekends. We actually have a couple in the lobby. They've been to three. They're there are money and marriage alums. It's what? It's a, it's a event that so many people repeat. We end up selling like 60% of it at the event for the next event because people always wanna come back. So Dr. John Delony and myself, And we have fun, y'all. It's a fun weekend. You two, you guys are, you guys are, it's like standup comedy almost in there. It's That. And we get real, we get, we cut down to it, like to the real stuff. And so it's, it's not your typical marriage conference. I'll say that much. It's good Not with you. Two


Samantha's in Fort Worth. Hey Samantha. Hi. Hi. How can we help? Help? I was laid out for my job yesterday. Oh, Samantha, I'm sorry. What were you making? I'm sorry. What were you making? 70,000? Man, What happened? You're so upset. A massive like I was there 12 years. A massive lay. Oh, like crazy. Oh my gosh. No warning, huh? No warning. What, what severance did they offer you? I Wanna hug you. What sever what severance did they offer you? I'm getting about 40,000.


Awesome. What were you doing? I was a billing specialist. Cool. Dave's trying to cheer you up. No, this is a true, listen. Hey listen, here's what happens. Okay? Once you get through crying and crying's normal, I don't blame you for that. It's scary. Mm. Okay. But once you get through crying, go get you a $70,000 job by Friday. And this nets you 40,000 bucks. You get a signing bonus kid. Yes. Yeah, Yeah. Hey man, listen, there's, there are people all over Fort Worth, Texas looking for help right now. What industry was it in?


Samantha. She was a billing specialist. Well, billing. But like for, for what? Energy. Okay. You could do billing in anything. Huh? Once you know how to do it, you know how to do it right? Yes. Yes. Is your Samantha, I'm curious, is your, are your tears, is it from, are you scared? Are you hurt? What, where, where's the main emotion coming from? I'm really hurt. I'm hurt. But then also too, I was in school and I was going do to graduate with my business administration degree. Yeah. When? In December of 2026. So now they were paying for it. So now I don't have the money to finish school. Wait, Wait. They were paying. Wait, wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We're not done.


Okay. I said it one time. What happens when you get a job making 90,000? You put 40 in your pocket and the new job pays for your education, Then I'll be very happy. Yeah, me too. And appreciative. Me too. See, this is what's gonna happen. All Right. So we don't have to assume that you're not going back to school. Let's assume you're continuing school and let's assume the next place is paying for it. And the next place is paying you more than you used to make. And you're gonna put this 40 k severance in your pocket. I think this is a net net positive. You just hadn't found that place yet. But you hadn't started looking yet. 'cause you're still pissed off and hurt and crying and I don't blame you. It takes a minute to get over that. I don't. That's okay. But, but you get about 48 hours of that.


And then let's go find a job. Okay? You can do this. You can do this. Yeah. Listen, that company does not have a soul. Their letting you go. Had nothing to do with you. You're not worth less than you were six weeks ago. You're worth more than you were six weeks ago. 40,000 more. You follow me? Yes. Hey, they were paying you $70,000 and they're a horrible company. That tells me that someone else will probably pay you more. Because good companies don't treat people like this and piss on them.


Yeah. And sometimes, Samantha, we do find that if you're in something for so long that you have no idea what else is out there. And so you may, your new position, your new job, it may be, it's gonna feel new, which change is always a little scary. Right? You're gonna have to learn some new stuff here or there. Like I get that that can be uncomfortable, but, but it actually could be so much better. Yeah. So much of a better even environment, the people, all of it. Like the whole thing could be an upgrade. What Were you, why were you getting your business? Your BA degree, your business administration degree? What were you wanting to do? So my plan was just to use it to try to get into, honestly, I wanted to get into the like accounting department.


Oh, so you wanna go into accounting? Well, this is a good time. You've almost completed your business administration degree. That makes you qualified to move into the accounting department at the next place and make 80 and tell them you want to. And part of the negotiation is they need to finish. They need to pay for you to finish your degree. Most places have some kind of education supplement nowadays if they're of any size. Okay. We pay, we pay for people to Go to class at Ramsey. 'cause it turns out we like smart people around here. And the ones that Go to class, you know, this makes 'em smarter. So, hello. Are you married, Samantha? No, I'm single. Okay.


Okay. Do you have any money saved? Well, I have a, I have the, just the 6,000. Your, your full Is that your fully funded emergency fund? No, I was working on it. That's the thing. Okay. But you're debt free. You're debt free. And you got 6,000 and they're sending you 40 more. Correct? Yes. This is soft. I Thought of my mortgage. This is so awesome. You are gonna look back a year from now and go, the best thing ever happened to me in my life is when those twerps fired me. Yeah. I'm dead serious girl. But you're need to get your head around that idea instead of like, the world's gonna fall apart. 'cause these twerps fired me. 'cause the world's not gonna fall apart unless you deem it.


'cause you have upside potential here. This is God saying, I wanted you to move into accounting faster than you were going to anyway. And now you got kicked outta the nest. So fly illegal. That feel good? You can do this. It does. I just needed to hear it. If you weren't scared, you wouldn't be normal. But scared's not a bad thing. And you're valuable out in the, in the marketplace, Samantha, what you are making and 12 years somewhere. Yeah. So you have the experience, all of it. You're gonna be fine. Yeah, you are going to be fine. If you were 22 and you worked somewhere for six months and you're like, All Right, we gotta start over. Right? Th that feels a little different. This is, yeah.


You, you might be established, you might be a barista then, but not now. Yeah. You're established. You're good Samantha. And this gives you so much buffer and you've put yourself in a position where you have no payments, but you're mortgage so you're good. It's not like you have a $700 car payment and credit cards and student loans and all of that that could eat into that 40. You have buffer. You have time. You are good. You are Good. So the fear comes from a couple things. One is you have to reset, reframe your mind and say, I'm going, this is gonna turn out good. And the fear comes from the sudden surprise and the chance that it might turn, not turn out good. Feels like rejection. Yeah. Yeah. The, the suddenness of this is what is part of what got you.


You know, you, you've had no time to process it. So not picking on you for being upset, but I am telling you, you got 48 hours of this grind stuff and then it's time to get with it. Jesus. Suck it up, girl. Oh my gosh. No, I'm serious. You need to go. You need to go beat Samantha. You can call me. Listen, I'm telling crying. You fly illegal fly, fly girl. Go get you 80,000 bucks and you call me back laughing. I want to hear, I wanna hear from you. Okay? We're gonna give you Ken Coleman stuff. Find the, find the work you were wired to do. Take that assessment and make sure you're on track with this thing. And I'm gonna send you his book, paycheck to Purpose. And I'm gonna send you his book Proximity Principle. And I want you to Go to Ken Coleman dot com and download all of those job search ideas and how to put together a resume and how to, how to work the proximity principle and go get you a job.


And I want you neck deep eight hours a day pounding the pavement. Not just filling out applications, but running down leads and going and getting a job by Monday. Monday. Say Monday, Dave, Monday. Dave, You got this. You got this. I know you can do it. I'm not blaming you for being scared and I'm not blaming you for being mad. I would be both if I were you right now. But the faster you get the other side of this, the more of this money you get to put in your pocket. Yeah, that's true. And the more this turns into a positive story, rather than You got this Samantha a spiral, there's no reason to spiral, spiral up. No. You're doing, you're gonna do great. Spiral up, you're gonna Do great. You can do this


When you go through a job loss or job change and lose your employer sponsored health insurance. There's no better time to try Christian Healthcare Ministries. That's right. There's another option besides Cobra, to take care of your family during that time. Because if you didn't know, the cost of Cobra has gone up a lot in the past few years. And CHM is an affordable biblically based alternative to health insurance. So do your own research. The ch HM is a great option. That's potentially a third of the price of cobra. It's a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And the support you get from CHM goes beyond helping you pay for medical bills. Members become part of a family that prays for them when they have a medical event. Try getting that with Cobra. So if you're going through a job loss life change or just wanna explore other options to save on healthcare, CHM might be perfect for you. Chm programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz, number one, bestselling author, Ramsey personality co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour. My daughter is my co-host today. Mackenzie is in Chicago. Hi Mackenzie. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. Hi. What's up? Well, I'm calling because I'm, I'm kind of in a unique situation. My husband and I have been married for two years.


We're both college graduates. We are currently, I wanna say about $40,000 in debt. I apologize, I don't have exact numbers because of the situation we're in my, Hey Mackenzie, are you on speaker phone? No, ma'am. Oh, okay. Okay, there you go. You, you speak directly into your phone then. Perfect. Because you're breaking up. Okay, I'm sorry. Yeah, no, I'm speaking right into my phone. Can you hear me? Yes, Yes. Okay, Thank you. Okay. Well this in is, I'm, I've been trying to broach this subject of our finances with my husband. A little bit of background is my husband and I are both college graduates, but not long after I graduated college, I was right over by a car and left permanently disabled.


Oh my gosh. I'm, yeah, I am currently trying to find a job, but I suffer from both seizures. I need a cane. I'm 23 years old, but I need a cane to get around and it's hard. So my husband does work full time and I'm filing for disability to try and help offset the bills. But since I do not work, my husband has kind of taken full control of our finances. I'm unaware of where our money goes. And the one thing I know It is, we're working through baby step two, we have our $1,000 emergency McKenzie and the, in the, when the, with the car accident, was there a brain injury?


Yes, sir. Okay. Yes sir. So he, he's taken full control as a service to you because you're not as able to do this? Is that what you're saying? I I am, I have the mental capacity to understand our budget and finances. What's the nature of the brain injury then? It causes seizures. Oh, that's it. Yes. Okay. It causes seizures. I do have sub intellectual deficit, but I did graduate after I whatsoever hold a job and do, sorry, I have some intellectual deficits, but it's not so bad that I don't know what's going on.


And I, I'm coherent. Okay. I I didn't obviously we're having a conversation. We knew you were coherent. Yeah, but I, I was trying to figure out the motivation of him taking full control of the finances. Julie, it's because he's the only one making money. I have a side business, I work, I work at a farmer's market every weekend and that brings in some money, but it's not a lot. Gotcha. So what is the, what is the way we can serve you today, hun? Well, I'm trying to approach the subject. My, from the car accident, I was helped to pull out of medical bills. I paid off a lot of them. But about six months ago, my husband stopped paying for any and all of my debts completely.


He is only paying off his debts and I'm trying to broach that conversation. But whenever I try to, It is a, well, we don't have enough money and I, I don't know, I just, I'm concerned. I, I want some advice of like, I don't understand why he is not Wanting. Okay. Yeah. Are you guys, okay, so you mentioned that you guys have a thousand dollars for baby step one. Right. Is he working the debt snowball and he's paying minimum payments on everything and then focusing a lot of money on the smallest debt? Yeah, so actually the smallest debt would be my medical bills.


Right now our debts are the medical bills, student loans and car payment. Okay. How much are the, how much are the medical? How much is your medical debt? The last I checked was about 3000. Okay. That's broken up over a couple different medical bills. I know One, It is like, and are and are the student loans his, They're both of ours. I have 10,000. He has 15 And he's working on his 15,000 is what you're saying with money that he's making? Yes. Okay. And the car payment that came, he got the card before we were married. Okay. So, So I, I'm confused. So when you say why are you paying yours instead of mine since we're both married, what does he say? No, it's, Well, It is like we don't have enough money.


You know, you Have enough money, it's just a matter of what the order is. Yeah. You don't have enough money to pay all of them. You've only got enough money to pay a few. But instead of why is he paying his instead of yours? That's, that's what I'm trying to figure out. No, he's not. There's something else going on. And I mean, your, your due, an answer to that question is the, you know, there's nothing wrong with you asking that question. I'm asking that question. I, if I were in your shoes, I would want to know why is, 'cause it sounds like he's planning an exit to me. That's what it sounds like to me too. And that's where I'm really, I I'm scared.


Yeah. Because I'll be, I'll be truthful if I, I try to be as little of an expense as possible due to the nature of No, That is, that isn't how this marriage thing works. It's for richer Yeah. For poorer in sickness and in health. And that includes car accidents. So it is not, it's not, my wife needs to be a less of a burden to me to be worthy to be married to me. That's bull crap. Thank you. Okay. But, But the reason I'm saying this is because the only, the, the, besides the medical bills, the only expense I have is I'm currently going through service doc school and I'm, we are trying to pay that off.


And thankfully it's not that much. We're subsidized with some grants and stuff, but if I don't get, if we don't pay this off, it's not like we're, it's not exactly the day. It's more like a payment plan you pay and then you get the dog when it's paid off. If that makes sense. Yeah. Ani, I think you have a marriage problem. Okay. Yeah. And I think the two of you need to sit down with a marriage counselor. Okay. Because I can't tell what's going on between the traumatic brain injury, the, the other issues, the seizures, the other things issue shooting with a car wreck. And then I, his behavior is in, in the context that the information that you've got that you brought to us, we can't understand why he's doing this.


I don't, I don't see a logical reason for it. There may be an explanation, but I don't know what It is. And I, and you know, I think it's fair in, in with what all you've been through and even if you hadn't been through that, it's fair for you to get an answer to the question. Well, yeah, for sure. Especially if you guys were dealing with money one way. Sounds like this accident happened and stuff started shuffling and then suddenly he's kind of turned course. Yeah. So that's, that's what I would wanna get to the bottom of McKenzie And Yeah. And I think I wanna go see a marriage counselor. Yeah. And if he won't go, go without him, and I think you need to get some advice that's more in depth than a couple of goss on the radio.


And so that's, you know, I, because I think, I can't tell what's going on here for sure. I don't like the signals. I can tell you that. And I don't like, I don't like the information I have, but I can't tell what's going on.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely Devastating It is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of rip-offs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Zander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal, and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Amanda is in Phoenix. Hi Amanda, how are you? Hi, I am good, thanks. My question today is how should we, me and my husband, proceed with unknown medical expenses that are already racking up for our newborn daughter. Wow. What happened? What, what's she facing? Yeah. Well, we don't, we don't really know yet. This is our second baby. We had her in April and she's just had a, a, a good number of health issues since birth. So we're doing genetic testing, neurology, the whole nine yards. And we've been barely managing with our HSA, but that's depleted now.


And we were in our, in the ER two times as last week. So that has wiped out our emergency fund. No, No, no, no, no, no, no. If you have an hs, A an HSA ER is a hundred percent covered. Oh. Then my, maybe it's the FSA, the whatever, whatever money. So you have health insurance, right? Yes, we do Have health insurance. Most health insurance, a hundred percent covers emergency room. Oh, this was not covered. Why then we, I have no idea, but we paid $1,500 this for the two visits And we just put it on a credit card. So Why did you, did they, you submitted your, your insurance at the front when you walked into the ER and they didn't accept it?


Yes. No, they accepted it. We have a high deductible healthcare plan, so we haven't met our deductible for the year. But you haven't hit it yet. Yeah, but ER's usually not in involved in the deductible. It's usually a hundred percent. Well, we, we, we saw the pay, we, the registration came around and they collected our money, so, okay. You need to, you need to get on the insurance side of this and that's because you've got, it sounds like you've got an ongoing process here that there's gonna, this is gonna be a, a road to walk in. Yeah. You, you got a journey ahead of you. Agreed. Agreed. Yeah. And so you're, you're probably gonna burn through deductible and you're gonna, you're gonna become an expert on what insurance covers. Yeah. And that's, that, that means you're not gonna be shelling out 1500 bucks every 30 minutes here.


So, because insurance is gonna, once you burn through your deductible and you hit your stop loss, a hundred percent of it's gonna be covered. Okay. That, that sounds good. Our deductible is 14,000. Okay. And so we have about 10,000 to hit that still. What's your stop loss? I'm not too sure what that means. Okay. What that means is, after you, I, and while you're hitting your deductible, what is the, what is the copay? 80 20? Yeah. 80 20. Okay. The 20 coming outta your pocket will only go so far. And after that it, they cover a hundred percent.


That's what stop-loss is. Okay. Maximum amount of pocket is what stop-loss is. Okay. And so you need to find out what your max out of pocket is. So right now we know you got 10 grand more, that's for sure. And then you've got some more on copay beyond that, that's for sure. And I think you need to go back and revisit with your HR people and find out, or whoever's, whoever's managing this health insurance, why an ER stay was not covered a hundred percent. 'cause they almost always are. Okay. And Amanda, this, this journey too. I mean, it takes so much work and it's gonna be so many phone calls talking to so many people, but it's worth it because then the medical world and what we see so often is when insurance screws up, they usually just assume the person on the other end's gonna just, just take the bill and they just do what they can and they're just gonna live their life.


Versus the people that actually fight it and stay on top of it. Because there usually is money laying there. And again, what they, if they screw it up and bill you wrong, most people don't have the perseverance to stay with it, to be calling the insurance and bugging them. Sure. So really pressed into that and really, really get an answer. 'cause it could save you guys a lot. For sure. What I'm, okay, what, what I'm trying to help with is this. Here's the visual. You've got this health challenges with a tiny baby. And so that just puts your heart in a blender every day. Yes. And it feels like number two, that there's no end to the checks.


I'm gonna write because of my love for this little baby, that these checks are gonna be a million dollars before I'm through That. The first one is true. The baby has health challenges and that puts your heart in a blender. Everybody who's got babies, who's ever had one sick, knows how you feel. Not, not, not exactly how you feel, but we've all had our breath taken away and you get your breath taken away about every 45 minutes right now. Okay. Yeah. And so, but that one is true. The second one that this is going to bankrupt you and you're gonna be a be a million dollars in debt is not true. And so what I wanna do is get you these, you have two burdens on you, both of which are overwhelming.


I want to take the second one and quantify it and get it off of you. Here's what it's gonna sound like. You're gonna call them and deal with the ER thing, like I've told you three times already. 'cause I'm a little pissed right now about this. Okay. Number two, not at you, but at them. Okay. Yeah. Number two, you're gonna quantify what your out-of-pocket is on the deductible. Number three, you're gonna learn your copay after the deductible is met probably is 80 20. Most of the time It is. Okay. Okay. Because you're in a, you're in a high deductible. HSA plan. The other thing, when you have a high deductible like this, usually you have a low stop-loss or maximum out of pocket number.


I'm gonna guess I'm guessing based on my expertise and having seen a thousand of these things, that your maximum out of pocket is probably 20 grand, including the deductible. Okay. Okay. It might be 30, it's not a hundred. Yeah. Okay. So you are not facing a million, you're facing 20, maybe 30,000. And that's nothing compared to number one, which is dealing with the baby. Yeah. Yeah. So I wanna relieve you of the financial stress that's added to this so you can focus your emotional energy in the right place and your prayers in the right place, which is on the baby.


But you've got to do business well as Rachel said, with this insurance company, and make sure they're paying every stinking dime. Okay. Definitely. I have an email. I mean, we just got back last night from the latest ar ar er visit. So, well, it's easy to assume that this is, that, that, that the medical bills are going to be endless and they're gonna be a million dollars in bankrupt us. Yeah. It's easy to assume and they're simply not. Okay. They're Simply not. So, And are we, am I pausing baby steps now? Yes. Everything. Okay. You're in the middle of a storm. Pause everything pile up cash. Okay. Yeah. Take care of baby, take care of you. Okay. I I I need, I need 20 or $30,000 and They're putting it on a credit card right now.


Would you just have a medical bill though, versus have 'em bill you? Yeah, I wouldn't do the credit card. 'cause I just think of the high interest rate and dealing with credit card companies. I'd rather just have the card. Yeah. Have them bail you anytime they, anytime they, You didn us that option. They didn't give you that option. They said, how do you wanna pay for this? Yeah. We just said, okay, Card. How I wanna pay for It is you're gonna bill me because I just gave you the insurance card. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Okay. Wow. But it's okay. Yeah. And if you can't do that, get your boss in here. Yeah. And if he can't do it, get his boss in here. Dave's About to fly to Phoenix. I'm about to. Well, no, I'm too. I'm serious. Mama bear. Go in there. I'm serious. Mama bear. They're messing with your baby. Here go for the throat. Yeah. Okay. This is bull crap.


These people start treating your baby like it's a dadgum widget on the end of a conveyor belt. And I, this medical industry versus the medical arts is driving me nuts. So how quick can we manage you and get you outta here? Kiss my butt, take care of this kid and send me a bill. This is crazy. I'm serious. This is, you're gonna, this is the world you're getting ready to live in. You're, you're a patient advocate now. Yeah. And that means you are demanding service from a medical profession that's forgotten how to give it. Yeah. I'll find my voice. I Have it. Yeah. There you go. That's the one I'm looking for my voice. That's the one I'm looking for. And what I'm trying to do is get the burden off of you, of the worry of a million dollars to, along with the worry of we may have five years of surgeries.


Yeah, yeah. Okay. So here's the thing. We've had at Ramsey on our plan, we've had kids that spent a million dollars worth of stay in nicu and the plan paid it. And it's a standard insurance plan. It's not 'cause Ramsey's some kind of angel or something. It's just a dad gum insurance policy. And they, they, insurance policy wrote the check. And it's happened more than once. I got a young crew around here. We have a lot of babies. 67 born in one year. Oh Man. I'm so sorry though. That's just, Ugh. From mom to mom. That just is so scary. Yeah, so scary. Yeah. But you guys have this, you really do. You're, And you call Us, you're going to be okay.


You call us back, we'll fight with you. We love you. We'll help you any way we can.


Switching banks can be a hassle. And I totally get that. But when Winston and I opened up our Fairwinds account, we were shocked by how quick and easy it was. It just took a few minutes online. We didn't have to block off an entire afternoon or track down paperwork. And the next day we got a personal call from a Fairwinds specialist just checking in. I couldn't believe it when I answered my phone and I was talking to them. I was like, y'all are the nicest people. Now, if you're working hard to save money, get outta debt and build a future, you should have a bank that supports that. Not fights it. That's why I recommend Fairwinds. They created the smart checking and savings bundle specifically for Ramsey fans. Plus they have a great app and you have access to over 33,000 fee free ATMs and more than 5,000 shared credit union branches across the country. So you can have access and withdraw your money just like you're used to, no matter where you live. Don't settle for a bank that slows down your progress. Make sure you choose one that helps build you up and helps you win with money. Visit Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY and open your smart bundle today. Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey Fairwinds is federally insured by the nnc.


Our question of today is brought to you by Why Refi? Why Refi works with borrowers who have defaulted private student loans, even when other lenders won't help. They will, with a lower payment, a lower fixed rate, you can have a clear path forward and get this cleared up visit. Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey? That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in Allstates.


All Right. Today's question comes from Alice in Montana. My husband and I have been married for 21 years, And we have weathered financial struggles, including a past bankruptcy. I had a solid nursing career that allowed him to pursue re real estate full-time. And in 2021 we had a strong year. We owed $82,000 in taxes for the year, and the money was available in his business account. I trusted him to handle everything, but I recently discovered he never paid the IRS Instead, he used the money on business expenses in a, in a failed side venture without telling me our CPA tried contacting him for months and eventually filed our taxes without signatures in early 2023 to avoid penalties. My, as my husband also hid IRS notices from me.


I found out recently when I signed up for a certificate letter stating that the IRS intends to levy our home for $150,000. I feel blindsided and betrayed. My question is, should I buy him out using a second mortgage to cover the IRS or sell the home and walk away? Woo. Gosh. Alice Buy. Yeah. Oh, she's divorcing him. I don't know why you would buy him out. Buy him out. Buy him out means you're divorcing. I guess I don't know what that means. You don't buy out somebody you're married to bail him out. Do I bail him out? Maybe just pay for, I don't know. And you can bail out your husband by Doing, do you use a second mortgage or do you sell the house?


I, And It is, is that all the penalties but $82,000 That I'm confused. But they filed the CPA filed their taxes without signatures. Yeah. That's weird. That's say illegal. Okay. That's a good way for the CPA to end up in jail. Let's see. I mean, most, almost all filings are done electronically. But the CPA that when ours does, it requires us to sign a document allowing him to file it electronically. Yeah. Even though I'm not technically filing the tax return. Hmm.


Okay. I can't tell what's going on there. This is a bunch of gobbledy goop. What I can tell is that if you have an $82,000 tax bill for one year, that means you made 400 or $300,000. So if you're staying together and you're going to marriage counseling to try to regain trust and stop this ridiculous behavior of betray of deception, if you're gonna do that, then you've got this household income, your nursing plus his 300 K that he didn't pay taxes on. If he makes 300 K next year and doesn't blow it all in a side venture, And we have a game plan, we could clean this up real quick.


That that's, I guess one direction. The other direction is you're getting a divorce and you're selling the house. Yeah. No, I would not bail him out. I would bail us out if we are staying together. But if we choose To Rebuild this, I, I know. No, I'm not gonna leave you with a, an unreliable, unresponsive ex-husband to pay off his taxes as a Hmm. She said we owed. So I'm wondering if it's part of hers. She's nursing there withholding on her. We don't know what's going on here. I'm gonna guess and say this is all the whole tax bill's regarding him and the, so the lien on your house is regarding him.


So you need to do two things. You, number one, if you're seeking a divorce, you probably are gonna be selling the house. Number two, you're not responsible for the taxes. In the event you got a divorce, you would file under what's called the innocent spouse provision, which is, you didn't, you were not aware of these taxes. You are not aware of the business activities that created these taxes. And so the IRS does not hold you liable, even if it was married, filing jointly. And so it's called the innocent spouse provision. And you would need a tax attorney or a great CPA that knows how to work that. And that removes the IRS from you. Now, if It is a lien on a house that has both of your names on it and the house is sold, they can only take the 150 out of his portion then if they have approved you for innocence spouse provision.


And they should. It sounds like you qualify for that. So, but all of this only works. O only happens if you're divorcing, if you're staying together, filing a spouse provision to keep them from coming after your income, which will probably be a good idea. But then the two of you have got to reestablish some footing on trust and betrayal and lies and deception, and then put all of our income in one pile to clean up the mess that he made. And that would include the 150,000 lien being removed from the house. Very few times does the IRS get around, it takes 'em about five years to actually sell a house to force the sale of the house.


Very unusual for them to do that quickly. They'll pop a lien on there in a heartbeat, but to actually force the sale of the house to satisfy the tax lien, it takes 'em forever. And they're, they're just not very competent at that, at that part, that level of collections. They'll get there eventually if you do nothing. And by the way, they'll turn the 150 into 400 before they get there in penalties and interest. So, So if you stay together, get it cleaned up as quickly as Possible. If you're not, if you're not staying together, see a CPA about innocent spouse provision, talk to your attorney, your divorce attorney about that. And then we're selling the house and you're gonna get your portion of the house clear.


His portion has 150,000 lien on it. I don't know how much value there is in this house. Yeah. We don't have enough information. What a mess. Sorry Alice. So it pops into my head that Tom Stanley, who wrote the book, millionaire Next Door in 1992, he's passed away in a car wreck. But he was an inspiration to a lot of us in this space showing that people become millionaires, starting from nothing. We followed up with that 40 years later with a or 30 years later with the Ramsey study of millionaires, the largest study. We studied 10 times more people than he did.


Mainly not because of, we didn't like his study, but just because we wanted to. It was a PR stunt 'cause people criticized the size of his study. So we ended up studying 10,167 millionaires and where money comes from, he wrote another book later called The Millionaire Mind, where he studied billionaires and he found 39 correlating statistics are correlating life demographics and character qualities and so forth among these billionaires that he studied. And then he ranked them in order of most occurring among the study group to least occurring among the study group.


The number one, an occurring thing among the billionaires that he studied. They were all self-made, meaning they started with nothing and became billionaires. A thousand million. This is way more than a million. A thousand million is a billion. Okay. Number one, correlating the most occurring item value. Whatever inside of this study was, they had fanatical levels of integrity. There is a high correlation between fanatical levels of integrity and the ability to build wealth. That's the point of that story. That would be the other end of the spectrum from the man in this email Lying to his wife, getting out, trying to get outta taxes and Yeah.


Yeah. And, you know, not, not returning the CPA's call all these kinds of things, whatever. And, and so ducking, hide, lay in the ditch, duck into the shadows, try to move the shell, hope the P won't be there next time. Running the scheme, running the scam, trying to find a shortcut, trying to find a get rich quick thing. I'm making good money in real estate, but I still got a side hustle that's screwing up. I find some way to burn money. That's the opposite end of the number one most occurring thing called integrity. So until he, the good news is integrity's a decision.


He can just decide to be a man of integrity starting today. But if he doesn't, you got issues, sister. You got issues. Yeah. You're trying to drag a tired donkey across the finish line.


Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you are here. If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering where your money's going, your first step is getting on a plan a budget. Our team is hosting free budgeting trainings this month. You'll learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget using EveryDollar. Plus, you can get your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a. That might be the most valuable part. Spots are limited. Sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Joseph is with us in Fort Worth, Texas. Hi Joseph, how are you? Hey Dave. Hey Rachel. How are y'all doing today? I'm doing pretty well. Can't complain. Cool. How can we help? So I wanted to get your guys' opinion on bonds. I, I'm just starting to, I I feel like I've just dipped my toe into stocks and things like that, but I, I've looked into oil and gas bonds and I don't know if that's a good route. I have about $500 in my HSA that I want to use to invest in that. I have more money to invest. But I, I'm just asking specifically, I guess about that and then any other advice you have on just stocks and trading in general.


Okay. I don't buy bonds. They, the bond market in general is almost as volatile as the stock market and doesn't return as well. So it's pitched in the financial world as being safer than the stock market. But the actual data says it's not much safer. It's the volatility in the, in the bond market comes from shifting interest rates. And so I, I have avoided bonds. I don't, I don't own a single bond and I've got millions of dollars in the market. I don't own any single stocks because I don't like risk.


I own mutual funds. A mutual fund is 90 to 200 different stocks. My HSA is in mutual funds because I've never actually used it. I bought the HSA the very first year that George W. Bush put that program out. And I filled it completely full every year ever since. And I've never touched it. Whatever medical we've had has been very minor and I've just paid it outta my pocket. And that basically has become a yet another retirement account that has growing tax free for medical use. And above 65, which will happen in September. I can pull it out with only paying taxes on it, no penalties as if it were a retirement account.


So I'm gonna continue to fund that and I'm not even gonna pull it out at 65. But anyway, so all of that to say I invest in mutual funds and I, so if I put, I don't know, a hundred thousand bucks into the market, 0% in single stocks, 0% in bonds, 100% in a growth in a type of growth stock mutual fund of some kind or another. And that's gonna be 90 to 200 stocks in there. And so I've not bet I, the volatility from single stocks comes from the lack of diversification. Meaning that if you put a hundred thousand bucks in one company, whatever that company does, causes you to take your breath away positively or negatively.


And so it's a lot more risk. But if you're, if you're, instead of being in one company, you're in two, then if one company goes crazy, the other one's sitting there, you got less risk. If you're in 200, you've way limited the risk. And the only risk you're riding is just the risk of the general stock market as a whole then. And not simply betting the farm on one particular company based on your golfing buddy's hunch, which is how most people play single stocks. And so I don't trade stocks on a daily basis. I don't trade mutual funds on a daily basis. I have the buy and hold tortoise in the tortoise in the hare.


The slow and ugly guy wins the race every time. I'm perfectly content being the slow and ugly guy because I win the race every time. Yeah. And I think that's the hard message for, I wanna say maybe the younger you are, the harder It is to be like, okay, this isn't exciting. You know what I mean? Like crypto, there's all these things happening and it's like, Ooh, I could make a return there, do this thing. There's like this like game to it. And when there's not really, Well, It is temptation to be a player. Yeah. Well, when there's not a game to it and you just kind of just keep investing and it's just boring as crap, that's it. Like there's just not that much excitement around it. Usually you're gonna end up, If you're investing, it's perseverance. You're doing it wrong.


It's kind of depressing. I mean, seriously, It is a little bit like, yeah. If you're, if you're, if your broke friends are impressed with your investing, you're probably doing it wrong, you know? Yeah. Because it's always some broke guy that runs up to me and goes, I know this guy that put $10 million in Bitcoin. And I'm like, yeah, yeah, I bet you do. I bet you don't too. I bet you're full of crap. You know? And seriously, this people just come up with this stuff, they pull it outta their ear, people that aren't really doing It well and you know, there are so many trends and so many things that that kind of come and go. And so it is the longevity of what you're putting your money into as well, which means it's been around for so long that no one really talks about it.


'cause it's that boring. It's not new and exciting. Yeah. And so it's, Don't, don't you wish you bought a single family house on East Ridge Drive in Antioch, Tennessee, a suburb of Nashville in 1978 that I sold a guy when I was 18 years old, had my, got my real estate license. I saw one of my high school buddies a house for $42,250. This is Why we hate the boomers 19. You know what that house is worth now. This is why We're so mad At y'all. You know what that house is worth right now. Yeah. Don't you wish? I know. See, that's what you want. That's, That's who you wanna be. No one ever told you that this was gonna be, you know, that you're gonna make, make a million dollars in 20 minutes, but in 40 years you did make a million dollars.


'cause that's what that house is worth now. Yeah. Yep. You Know, So By the way, it's an old house now, so it's a really old house. Still worth a lot though. It's An antique, but Yeah. But I mean, that's just a cute little brick house. Nothing fancy, boys, Girls. Okay. Except for Joseph. So you're saying mutual funds, but something else that I feel like people are talking more and more about is like Vanguard index funds, like more the s and p and all of that too. It's, that's been talked about for a while. Vanguard was started by John Bogle because he discovered that some 60% of the mutual funds do not outperform the standard and poor index. And he said, if I just put it in the index, I beat six out of 10 times.


I beat the average mutual fund out there. And, and people that follow that, that that is literally passive investing. People that follow that are, we call 'em Bogleheads, they call themselves Bogleheads. And he started Vanguard, the whole Vanguard company on that basis. And it's very successful. Yep. Yeah. And I invest in the s and p sum. Yeah. I parked money there, like when I'm hauling up cash to get rid to buy, do the next real estate deal when I make some money at Ramsey and I'm just putting it somewhere for a year or whatever till I get enough to do the next deal. And I, I'll park it though over there, but I, in my retirement accounts, I can find mutual funds that outperform this. And p and I have consistently for 30 years. That's outperformed the s and p.


That's, and it's really not rocket science. It's, but there's only 40% of 'em. There's, so you just gotta look and go. Does this thing outperform the s and p? It's got, it's right there in the dead gum prospectus. It shows up when on the, on the website. Yeah. It shows up when you're sitting with your, and that's financial Person's. What then your HSA 401k Roth, like all the, all the just standard retirement investing. So Joseph, 15% of your income be putting in all of that. And then if you max all that out one day, 'cause you have a high income, then you know, there's other things. It's The short, it's short, it's the shortest distance to a million dollars. It's the shortest distance to wealthy. It's not bonds, it's not single stocks, it's not day trading. It's not crypto. There's no data that says It is the only data says 401k Roth IRA, loaded with good growth stock mutual funds and get your house paid off.


That's what all the wealth building data says for the first one to $5 million worth of net worth. And the people that have one to $10 million net worth that we studied in this millionaire study. That's what we found over and over and over again. We did not find them playing trends. We did not find them playing fads. They were not gold bugs. They were not Bitcoin boys. Bitcoin, Bitcoin bros. They were not any of that. They were just like, they're the tortoise, the boring, steady every month the money comes outta my check into the 401k and I got a match. And then they call us at fifty fifty eight and we're like, well, we're looking to retire.


How much is in the 401k? And we're like 800,492. You know what I mean? And then, yep. Our Roth has this and you're like, holy crap. There You are. Well done. And they call this show every day. Yep. And every weekend they have for 30 years. So that's the end of that speech, Joseph. But thanks for letting me step up onto the old, up onto the old Apple box and just give it a yell. This is The Ramsey Show Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions.


It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Open phones here at Triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Donovan is with us in West Palm Beach, Florida. Hi Donovan, how are you? I'm doing well. How are You? Better than I deserve. What's up? Hey, so I really appreciate you guys taking my call and I am calling because I am currently 22. I just turned 22 and I have a real estate business that from the time I started, you know, about three and a half years ago, was doing really well.


We were bringing in lots of money and everything was going great up until about this year where revenue dropped off significantly. Wait a minute, question, what kind of real estate business? You're a real estate broker? No. Residential investment. Like fix and flip. You fix and flip and you're 22 years old. Yes. And you're, yes. Your revenues have been going up consistently for three and a half years. Well, until this year. Okay. Why did they slow down this year? So Ryan, the market really slowed down a lot.


And we were, you know, going from bringing in about a million to 1,000,003 every month from all the deals to now bringing in like, you know, three to 400,000 per month. And I'm struggling to keep up with, you know, paying all the expenses like, you know, servicing the loans, paying the team, paying the subcontractors that are doing work on the house. Thankfully I've never missed payroll or anything like that and I've, I've never been laid on my loans. However, I, I definitely feel the struggle. And in a few more months of this, you know, the reserves are gonna be completely wiped out. This is like Dave 30 years ago. So Felt, you just described a little bit what you used to Do.


That's why I actually called you guys. 'cause I, I heard Dave, so you own a similar situation. You Own how much real estate? So right now, I did the math yesterday, just over 15 million. And it's all for sale. It's not all for sale. Some properties are still under renovations, but you know, some, some are for sale already. Okay. 15 million in property doesn't generate a hundred million or doesn't generate a million dollars profit a month. Yes. But we, you know, we, we did about 80 houses last year and that that's not in like, you know, just straight revenue from selling the houses.


That's just, you know, gross what we brought in, what comes into the bank Account. Okay, so that's not profit, that's gross. Correct. Yeah. So you're just churning money. Okay. So yes, correct. So 10, $12 million in total churn was what you were doing and now you're not, you now the, the rate of churn has slowed down. Is that what we're saying? Yes. The houses are taking much longer to sell. The budgets are, you know, getting overspent and What's your, what's your baseline overhead running you a month? So as far as overhead, like paying my office staff and marketing and everything, we're about 50 to 60 grand a month depending on the month.


However, with paying all the subcontractors and, you know, servicing the loans I have on the property were about 650,000. Okay. Yeah. You've discovered the downside of debt Yeah. In doing this. And so what you've Yeah. You got your butt in a crack. Hmm. Well you're gonna do two things to survive because you're also not as profitable as you thought you were once you started a hundred percent net net, net actual taxable income for all these dollars that you're spending is not, it's not been worth it 'cause you're leveraged your freaking eyeballs.


So, yeah. Hmm. Are you married? No. Good. Okay. Well, I mean the, there's three levers to pull to survive. One is you get your volume moving again. And no kidding, you already knew that. And two is you start dropping some prices on these properties to move them quickly to increase the velocity of the turn. 'cause your veloc your turn velocity is what's killing you. And so you I agree 100%. And so, and that's a function of price right now.


And so you're gonna start having some, you're gonna put some stuff on sale and you're gonna pick which ones I'm, you know, which ones I've got the most margin in that I can take the, or which ones I can move that are price sensitive neighborhoods that I can move quickly and get out of and start turning these out. And as your subcontractors are finishing, you're, you're, you're gonna start trimming that by 30 or 40% until you get, you're gonna build your volume up more carefully next time. But you're gonna get this thing down to half a volume of what it was and make it profitable. And then move towards a debt-free process and, and start doing these flips with debt-free. Do a fourth as many and do 'em debt-free. And you've got a sustainable business. The business you have is not sustainable.


It's going to come down around your ears before it's over. And you're just starting to see the cracks in the armor right now in, in the theories that you are running off of. You're doing tremendous volume. What the volume you're doing is very impressive for a 22-year-old. I mean, this, if, if you're telling me the truth on these numbers and your, and your story is the truth and I don't have any reason to believe it's not, it's very impressive what you've done. But you did, you did ignore the risk that you were taking with the leverage. But the amount of work you've been doing and generating is very impressive. You're turning 80 freaking houses a year. I mean that's, Yeah.


Thank you. I appreciate that. And if you can do that instead do 30 with zero debt, you've got a sustainable business, move a little slower and you've got something that no matter what the economy does, it doesn't take you out one little bump. I mean the Fed does an interest rate adjustment half a point up and they did not do that today or an eighth of a point up today. And you'd be in a, if that had happened today, instead of them keeping it even today, you'd be in an even bigger mess than you are. You understand? Right? Yes. Yeah, definitely. Thank God it's continuing to 10 trend at least a little bit down. And as long as those rates trend down a little bit, you're gonna be there. I'm surprised West Palm Beach has dropped 70% in your volume.


I'm really shocked that the market slowed down that far there. It's not slowed down that much many places. Not year over year. Yeah. Yeah. And Where we are, we are a bit north. Yeah. But not year over year. I mean year over year that volume drop is 70% drop year over year. 'cause 24 was not that much different than 25. Now if you said over over 20. Yeah. And then 24, I'm sorry. Yeah. If you said it was a 70% drop over the year. 2020, yeah. Our 21, you know, where people were coming out and the volume was huge and the prices increases. So anyway, get your volume up, lower your prices, start shedding subs as you finish these jobs and quit carrying the burden of all of them.


You may have to shed some office staff. You gotta say the office side, the office staff, you may have to get that down. But you've gotta get this nut where you can keep it cracked every month. Whether it's overhead, nut or variable expenses associated with the deals. And then that'll get you out. But everything's on sale starting today. You gotta have a sale and you gotta get, 'cause that's gonna get your velocity back up and maybe you can turn the corner before it crashes down around your head. I hope you can, 'cause what you've done is impressive. It's just sad you did it the way you did it. So it's gonna come hit you in the face. The work you're doing is amazing.


You spend hours researching before making a major purchase like a home or car. But it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage to protect your biggest assets. I recommend using Ramsey Trusted Pros, whether you're looking for car home or any other type of insurance. Ramsey trusted providers have been coached and vetted to serve you like we would find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


If you've been trying to describe this RAMSEY stuff to one of your friends or relatives and you know it's a mouthful, we'll help you. We've got the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist helps you get started. Ramsey 1 0 1 entry level class. Right. And we've got several clips on there, like what are the baby steps, how to pay off debt using the debt snowball, how to work with your spouse, how to build an emergency fund and more the most asked questions, kind of the best of, so to speak. And the, the get started list as well. It's the 1 0 1. So click the link at the top of the show notes to open Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube. Then text it or DM it or send it to a group chat. Just say, hey, I think this might help if you're listening on radio, just jump on the YouTube channel and you can find the Playlist featured there. One share, one step can change everything for one person in your life. Thank you for doing that. It's all free. By the way,


Mary's in Tallahassee, Florida. Hi Mary, how are you? I'm well, Dave. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So my ex-husband and I accumulated a significant amount of tax debt. We are are divorced are in a couple years ago a federal tax lien was placed on the home. The home has now been sold. I do not live in that home, but I was under the impression upon research on the IRS website that a federal tax lien, if it's placed on a home at the closing, the amount that is owed should be taken out. That is owed to the IRS at the closing.


Not, yeah. Otherwise the title is not clear. That did not happen. My ex-husband was aware of the lien, the closing attorney was aware of the lien and they both walked away and It did not get settled. And so I don't know if I have a leg to stand on. I don't know. I don't know what to do. Here Would Well the the funds, the funds were dispersed to who? To my ex-husband. It's 'cause he then owned the house out of the divorce Because he got that house out of the divorce. Yes. The lien is on both of you Apparently right now.


I, I've had many, many, many conversations with the IRS and I, I can't, the lien is on him, I think. But you know, the, the notice of federal tax lien that we got in the mail, I have a copy of it. You know, it has both of our needs. And were you, what was the lien from Who didn't pay taxes? Well, it, but you know, it was both of us combined. I know, but both of you didn't pay taxes, Correct? I mean, because it was large, it was a large amount owed And we just couldn't, we just couldn't do it. Were you self-employed, both of you? Or what? How did you not pay your taxes? Well, at one, at one point through these many years he was self-employed and he failed to do the, the obligatory, you know, quarterly taxes.


And so that did not help matters. And then, well, but I mean so how much is the tax lien? We owe about 65,000. Okay. And how much of that was on his income that he produced? That I am unsure of based, you know, that I do not know Why. I mean, you should have a theory. Were you working a salaried job? Yes. Were you not having taxes withheld on your salaried job? Of course, yes I was. And I even had additional taxes taken out. Okay. So he was working a, he was working a, a business and was not filing his quarterlies and not filing taxes or not paying his taxes on his business. That's where this came from. Right? Well, some of the years, not all of them.


Some of the years, I'm not sure why we owed so much, to be honest with you, Dave. But it, we were on a payment plan for a while then, you know, we got divorced, the payment plan, we stopped paying on financial stress. Now I've looked into getting on another payment plan and that payment plan's gonna be way too much amongst to afford he, but the IRS is not trying to collect from you. The IRS is not trying to collect from me. I mean, I do have my own personal debt from last year. It's a No, I'm talking about on this particular lien amount. The no, the, They don't, they don't even act like you're there.


I, I'm assuming. No, but then when I go onto the IRIS website, it does talk about a lien. But then when I call them a, They're not really, a lien is not a a if your husband, if they're chasing your husband, they would've put a lien against anything that had his name on it. This house used to also have your name on it. But that doesn't mean you're liable for the taxes necessarily. Were y'all doing married filing jointly? Yes. Okay. Well that's, that's the only reason it would have your name on it. You probably could escape using innocent spouse provision. You need some tax advice from a pro that can get into this instead of you talking to the IRS. 'cause I mean, you're talking to a kid in a cubicle at the IRSE.


Exactly. Exactly. I know. And a different one every time you call. Oh yeah. And it takes hours each time. Yeah. So no, I'm not doing that anymore. You need to hire somebody. What do you make now? Money wise? Yeah. Oh, I make a very decent living. What do you make now? I I make $105,000. Okay, Good.


So you make enough to call, jump online at Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on ELP for taxes. Endorse local provider for taxes. Find the person we endorse for taxes in Tallahassee, Florida. Go sit down with 'em and tell them the story and tell 'em to get to the bottom of it and give 'em 500 bucks and they'll do it. Okay. That's what you've gotta do.


I don't know. I, I can't tell what happened with this house. I've done a bazillion real estate transactions that had IRS liens on them and a hundred percent of 'em got paid because the titles simply not clear. Well That's what I was wondering. I'm like, who, I don't know how this, they, I don't know how this happened. If it was Purposeful, accidental, sloppy, was it like, how did that not Happen? The buyer would've needed a title insurance policy. Right. If they went Yeah, yeah. Especially if they got a mortgage. Yep. They would've been required to get a title insurance policy. You can't get title insurance on something with a IRS lien on it. And so that's what's weird here. So something I I think your husband's feeding your ex-husband's feeding you a line of bull crap is what I think.


What Do you think? You think he paid it and he's lying To her? No, I i, I don't know what happened but I, she, I don't, what she described would be So hard to pull off. It would be just ludicrous. Yeah. For the closing attorney to allow a seller to sign a warranty deed or a special warranty deed, knowing there's an IRS lien against this house, knowing the title's not clear, that would just be so messed up. I just can't believe it happens. Yeah, yeah. I mean it's not, there's no way to get around this and it turn out good for everybody. A title insurance company's gonna come down. They're, you know, they're not gonna allow it. So I just, something different is happening than what she thinks is happening.


That's what I can't tell. So anyway, get get, get to the, get somebody to help you get to the bottom of it, Mary. It, it's possible that they're simply are not after you and it's not your problem. And that's my hope. That's what I hope you find when you get to the bottom of it. Roy is in Iowa. Hi Roy, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Roy. Hi Mr. Ramsey. Thank you so much for Yeah. Can you hear Me? Sure. What's up? Pretty good Craig. Thank you for answering the phone call. Mr. Ramsey. I have a question. I have a trucking company I've been running for the past one year. So I started with one heavy duty truck and I added a couple more trucks as well.


So, you know, everything was good, but there were a lot of hiccups and all that good stuff. So, you know, just a couple of months ago, one of my trucks burned down. You know, the driver just sent me a video. The truck was set on fire and all that good stuff, you know, it was very horrible. But, you know, the reason I'm calling is because I'm most of the time stressed out about this business. Not because a lot of people complain about the market. I, I am not complaining about the market. You know, I'm very satisfied with whatever the rates are being provided. I mean, there are enough to feed the stomachs, pay the bills, and you know, keep the show running. But what I'm concerned about is the breakdowns of the trucks in this industry.


I mean, they can cost you a lot of money. Sometimes 20 grands, 30 grand even go Worse. So what you need to do, when you close the books each month and you determine what your profits are, you need to start having a line item in your monthly budget that sets aside money for future repairs. So a percentage of your profits, a large percentage of your profits at your stage of business, 20 30% of your profits before you take it home to eat, quit acting like you made that much money 'cause you haven't yet until you paid for the repairs. So if you make $10,000 a month, I want you to set 3000 aside or 4,000 aside or whatever, 30 or 40% is for repairs.


And I want you to build a repair war chest and it's called retained earnings in business. And so build up your emergency fund inside your business. But you do that by setting a set percentage of your profits each month as if it was an expense. 'cause It is a future expense and you're just setting the money back for it.


Hey guys, I love summer, but do you ever notice how fast money can get outta hand this time of year? You know how It is. You wanna make all these great memories. It's so easy to just put your brain in beach mode and swipe that credit card. But then you end the summer saying, where the heck did all this debt come from? Look, I want you to have some fun. I just want you to plan for it with a budget. The EveryDollar budget app is the easiest way to make a plan for your money. And I'm telling you right now, when you do that, you'll see that a budget doesn't confine your money. It defines it, it puts you in control of where your money's going. So you can enjoy your summer without overspending or going into credit card debt. So go download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play right now


When tackling your debt or building wealth. People can sometimes forget about the defense while they're playing offense. And that's called insurance. Having the right coverage as opposed to too little or too much can impact how long it takes to get out of debt. Skimping on insurance might seem like saving, but when life happens, it's easy to fall back into debt without the right safety net. The right insurance acts as a shield. The wrong insurance acts as a drain on your budget. So how do you know if you got the right coverage? We have a free coverage checkup. It's a free that I mentioned. This free online resource that creates personalized insurance action plan Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup To take the coverage checkup, click the link in the description if you're on podcast or YouTube. Don't miss this. Did I mention it's free?


Haley's in New York City? Hi Haley, how are you? Hi, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So to get to the point I'm kind of calling in just to see if it's possible for me to become a stay at home mom. There are some other factors outside of that that will affect it. And I'm pretty ignorant when it comes to a lot of this stuff just because all I've ever known is to work. But it's seeming to cost me more going into work than It is to not. One of my children is going to be potentially going in for brain surgery within the next month and she's going to have to need one of her parents home obviously after for the care.


And I'm really stressing out about it because I get paid biweekly and I just brought home a $500 paycheck, a biweekly paycheck and it went to pretty much nothing because everything is so expensive nowadays. And my fiance is switching jobs at the end of the month to make us more money. And I'm just wondering if it would at all be possible because we do have two vehicle loans. That's about the only debt that we have together. We are not married other than he does owe some, I think $3,000 to the government. But that's been on my mind lately, just more because of the surgery that is upcoming and I just need to know where to go at this point with the plan of everything and the plan of action.


Okay. What does he make hun? He makes 25 an hour where he is currently. That will be in increasing, you're In New York City? Well, we are actually quite a bit upstate from New York City. Oh, okay. I didn't think, I didn't think you're in Manhattan on $25 an hour. Oh no. Okay. No, I currently make $20 and 50 cents an hour, but I work per die diem. So what does, Does he, what does he do? He is a welder. And how old is he? He's 24 as well as Mine. Why is he only making $25 as a welder? It should be 50 that, Yeah, I'm not sure about that either.


I had questioned that, but I guess it's something to do with a union. So Well leave the union and go be a freelance welder. Make $50. Right. I'm dead serious. Okay. That's what I had Said too. So you guys are 24, you have a brand new baby. How old is your baby? This having surgery? She's, she just turned one. I have two older kids as well. Okay. All with him? No. Okay. Is she his? Yes. Okay. All Right. Well I'm gonna help you with the money question and then I'm gonna give you some advice that you didn't ask for from just an old guy that, that loves you, okay?


Okay. It's irresponsible for him and you to not be married when you have a child facing a brain surgery. I understand. Get married this weekend. You okay? My darling are extremely vulnerable right now. Right. And Rachel and I have taken calls from people over and over where something like this happens and the guy jets. Okay? And I'm not accusing your guy of that, okay? Right. You said protection legally. I want, I want to protect you and this child because, and I want him to prove he's gonna be there and I want him to put a ring on it this weekend. Right. Okay.


Okay. That's gonna help you. That's the old guy advice. Okay. Okay. And, and then I want him to get a, a better job. Okay? The answer to the question is can you stay at home? Well for the short term, you don't have AdChoices, you're gonna be at home. Right. And y'all are gonna have to figure it out. Right? He may have to work three jobs, you may have to work some side gigs when he at home Sell these cars. So you don't have payments every month. Yeah. Yeah. How might, you may have to sell some cars and get rid of these car payments, okay. But you know, you're, you're gonna have to do some stuff 'cause this child's care, the care of this child is number one. Agreed. Correct? Yes. So the answer to your question overall mathematically, can I stay at home with the kids?


Like a permanent decision is Yes. As soon as you can live on his income, Right? That's the math, isn't it? So we've gotta do a budget based on his income, meaning that we can pay our rent, we can eat, we can do lights and pay car payments or get rid of the car payments. We have to create a life that is within his income and then you can stay at home mathematically without creating a mess. Okay? As a permanent decision, as a short-term decision, you're gonna be at home, Right? 'cause you gotta take care of a brain surgery situation. Wow. Kid. I just took two weeks off of work because the other issue that we had been dealing was with was about two months ago, my daughter was also assaulted at daycare.


So we had to find a different daycare provider and then we lost the second one. So I do have, as of right now, two weeks off of work until somebody else can start. And that's mainly what's been freaking me out a little bit, is trying to make the decision of whether or not just to stay home because I drive a Tahoe and I work 45 minutes away from my house. So between That and, and childcare, what do you owe on, what do you owe on the two cars? Well, we have a van And we have a Tahoe. The Tahoe is about 25,000 because I rolled over from a vehicle that I had to trade in and he owes about 13,000 on the van. Yeah, The the Tahoe's killing y'all.


Yeah. So we gotta get it sold And we gotta get that debt paid off and that's gonna involve income coming from one or both of you. And then that's gonna enable you to me fit, fit your life within his income and his income has to come up for that to happen. That's what the, that's what I think the math is going to tell you. What do you do for a living? I work in a medical laboratory at a hospital, but I only work three days a week at as of right now. Okay. I was wondering if there's, you know, a way that you guys tag team this where he works all day, comes home, tags you in possibly and you go do a shift or two, right? May and May, right? Maybe twice a week or something. Like if you, if you guys can tag team each other just to bring in some income for this time to get this stuff paid off that.


Because if you don't have any car payments, you can fit your life within his income a lot quicker. And the way you get there is create extra income on the short term. Right. And that, that's what we're, is The surgery date, has it been set, Hailey? It has not yet. She has an MRI this Friday morning. Okay. So you'll know more information probably after that? Yes. Okay. Yep. Okay. Well, the primary thing I want outta the whole discussion is for the baby to be taken care of. And the secondary thing is to take care of the short term time that you're off work. And then the third thing is to answer the question of what must be true. That's not true today for us to be able to live on his income.


And that would probably be getting rid of the Tahoe debt, getting rid of his car debt, getting okay. Getting his income up. That's probably when you sit down to do your budget, what you're gonna figure out. 'cause I don't know that you're gonna do this on $25 an hour from one person. Yeah, I know. I, I don't know that and, and have three kids. I just, I don't know that you're gonna be able to do it. You're probably not breaking even on daycare and Tahoe payments. So I agree with you on that, with you working three days a week. So you're probably not losing much by losing that job if you lose the Tahoe payment by getting it, by getting it sold and, or, you know, even if you have to finance the difference as a standalone personal loan Yeah.


And that to cover the upside down amount. Yeah. But I would really talk to him, Haley, and look at some options. 'cause this is a, I mean, it's a pretty vital situation you guys are in. I mean, like we were saying, you don't have AdChoices after, after she comes home from surgery, someone Yeah. You have to be there to take care of her. So there's, there's choices that we all have to make in a situation like this that, that we don't want. So even if he wants to stay where he is workwise, he may not have AdChoices, he may have to leave the union and go figure out something else. Yeah. You know, so Yeah. Make more money. Yeah. As a welder, he can make more than 25 for sure. I'm so sorry though. It's a lot. Wow. Very stressful. You had a lot on you kiddo.


You work your butt off for your money, but your money's never going to return the favor. If all you do is hope for the best. If you're ready to learn how to make your money work for you, check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor can help you find advisors who specialize in retirement planning, charitable giving, advanced investing strategies and more. Whatever your goals, your pro will take the time to explain your options. So you never have to invest in anything you don't understand. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. The Get Connected Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


Our scripture of today, Proverbs 10 for lazy hands, make for poverty, but diligent hands bring wealth. Andrew Tobias said you want 21% interest risk free pay off your credit card work. Danielle is in Salt Lake City. Hey Danielle. What's up? Hey, good. How are you? Better than I deserve. How can we help? Hey, so my husband and I to keep it short and sweet, we applied for this program. It's basically a rent to own program sponsored by the state.


It is a 15 year term And we cannot buy the home until the end of that term. But essentially all of our rent payments would go towards equity on that home. My holdup is that we'll be basically renting for 15 years. And we are only in baby step two right now. So we don't have an emergency fund, but our debt is only like $6,000. So not a ton. Okay. I think your holdup was, was, you know, a good was a good analysis. I would not do this. No, no.


Not under any circumstances. Would I do this? No. I would get, I would get, I would get out of debt, I'd build an emergency fund. I'd start saving for a down payment on a house. No, I would not rent for 15 years on purpose. Yeah. So much changes, Danielle, in 15 years, if you think about it, life, I mean, it's just crazy. Think about 15 years ago for you, right? I mean, just It is. And to be locked into something If you never close on it, a hundred percent of the money went to rent For fif. I mean, Well this, I mean, our rent payment right now would be the exact Same as the, if you never close on it, a hundred percent of it went to rent. I'll give you a hundred percent chance. You never close on it.


You're not gonna stay there 15 years. Too much happens in life. Crap. The roof on the thing will be 15 years old. The dishwasher will be 15 years old. Stuff's gonna start breaking left and right. That's if it's brand new when you move in it. Danielle, why did you guys, It, It is a brand new home. Why did y'all, why did y'all decide this and not just have a mortgage and build equity on your own? And why, why are you guys using this program? Well, we were building a savings account and trying to save up money, but we had a baby. So all of our emergency funds went to paying that down and we're still kind of working on, on that.


Yeah. Good. Yeah. A lot. I love it. So you get that, you get that last 6,000 cleared. You build the emergency fund and then you go buy a and you start saving for a house. How old are you? I 23 and my husband's 24. Yeah, Please don't do this. Well, the, the thing is, we can get out of the rent program. We're not signing for 15 Years. Don't, don't sign up, but don't sign anything else. Just don't do it at all. Please don't do it. It's not good. It's not good for you. You called Nas. I'm gonna tell you the truth. I the how do I visualize 33-year-old Danielle in her best life.


It's not 10 years into a 15 year rent program. I can tell you that. You could be so much better off Danielle. Yeah, you'll, Do you understand that you be so much better off at 33? Yes. I mean, seriously. Think about it. It's gonna take you guys a couple years. Don't rush into a house. You guys are fine. You got time, rent, get yourself in a position and then actually start building money for you. Like yeah. As you guys start, when you finally buy a house for you guys, If you buy a house in that four years, that's 11 years sooner than the plan you're talking about. And people are paying off their homes in seven to nine years using this program. So you could have a paid off house completely yours Before this, before you would even be buying this, this other one, which is Yes, Yes. No, no, no, no, no, no. There's a reason these programs exist, Danielle.


It's because people are not in good financial situations to buy houses. So don't, don't buy a house. Yeah. It's, you guys don't Do it. You're not ready yet. You're not Ready yet. You're gotta think all the lights are flashing. Just, you Got plenty of time to do this. Yes, yes. Please, please don't do it. Please don't do it. Your, your instinct when you, the wisest thing you said is the thing that's bothering me is I'm going to be renting the whole time. And that really, really, really means a lot. It should be bothering you. And this may not be the case, but I'm gonna just say it out loud 'cause I see it. Salt Lake City, it's kind of become a, like a small little la the amount of lifestyle and wealth and keeping up out of that city is pretty unbelievable.


So like, I don't know if there's any level of comparison, Danielle, of what you're living in. Is everyone's like just doing really well around you? I don't know, but I see more and more of that really coming outta Salt Lake. Yes. Had no idea. Okay. Yes. Hmm. I should get out more. Joseph is in Columbia, South Carolina. Hey Joseph. What's up? Hey, how's it going? Better Than I deserve. How can I help? Yeah, I'm calling to, I'm trying to decide if it would be a good idea to sell my paid off truck to help pay off some debts and start a good savings. How much is the truck worth? I've gotten one estimate and it was for 21,000. And what do you, what do you make a year?


Probably about 47,000 a Year. You, you broke up, I'm sorry. You make what? A year? 47,000. 47,000. Okay. Yeah. Your phone's messing up 47,000 and you have a 20,000 truck. Okay. Are you single? I have a girlfriend. Okay. You're single. How old are you? 22. Okay. Single or married are the two options. Okay. So you're, he's In a relationship Though. You're 22, you're, yeah. You're dating someone that's good. And you have a 20,000 truck that's paid for. How much debt have you got? I have four thousand 200 to the IRS and 2000 on a credit card before I heard about you.


Okay. How did you get behind the IRS at 22 years old. So last year I took a job as a contractor, so I was basically self-employed and just taxes is how I have that debt. Yeah. Are you now? No, no, I changed jobs. So now I'm on a W2. So if you ever were a contractor again, you know how to handle it so that doesn't happen again, right? Yes. Lesson learned. Good. Okay. Good. So both of these are lessons learned. Okay. So 6,240 7,000. Do you like the truck? I do. I, I really like it, but I'm just trying to think long term what would be better for me.


I appreciate the maturity of that statement, but for $6,000, I would not sell a 20,000 truck that I like. I wouldn't either. When I am making 47, I would rather work three or four weekends and some overtime and live on beans and rice and not see the inside of a restaurant and my date. Be throwing Frisbee for a while and let's get these 6,000 knocked out real real fast. I'd rather do that than sell my truck. Okay. Because I like my truck too, by the way. I'm not selling it. So I drove it today. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's definitely something I wasn't really ecstatic to do, but I was just thinking, you know, maybe Yeah. Things to sell Good. Yeah, I would, I would rather you get control of your budget and tighten it up and that's a lesson that'll help you anyway in case this dating relationship gets more serious.


And that's a lesson that'll help you become a millionaire by the time you're 30 and all those kinds of things. Yeah. Versus like a sweeping, just I'll sell one thing and just fix everything. Yeah. Fix the issue. Yeah. Where there's something about process. I Do, I do think you've learned both your lessons on these two things. I'm not worried about that part of it, but I, I love the idea of you gutting this out by getting, by pinching your dollars and making them scream. Yeah. And then that gets you, that also has the benefit of letting you keep a really nice truck. And I'm pretty cool with all that. But you know, she's gonna have to put up with you being a cheapskate for a month or two while you knock this out. And that's probably a pretty good relationship test anyway To see if she sticks around.


Yeah, Jason calls back and says he is single, but then we know. We may have messed that one up for you, Joseph. Well, no, I'm sure She's great. It wouldn't be the first time I've messed it up for somebody. I'm pretty good at that. Yeah. Yeah. But no, it's, but it's a good thought though because, you know, and people sometimes ask on a, on a larger scale, should I sell my house to get out of, you know? Yeah. $40,000 of debt and all of that. And so Not usually. Yep. Not usually. So usually you're better off to work your way out of it. Yeah. Unless there's some other reason to sell the house. Other reason to sell the truck. I hate the truck. Well sell stupid thing anyway, but no. Yeah, he likes his truck and so I'm pretty good with that. Pretty good with that. Good show, Rachel, that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books.


We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace, and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace, Christ Jesus.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new Ramsey 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist, A quick start collection of how to get started walking the RAMSEY plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help, because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money.