
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


This is The Ramsey Show where America comes to have a conversation about their money, their profession, and their relationships. We're so excited to have you with us alongside the incomparable, the Natalie attire, George Campbell. I'm m Ken Coleman. And The phone number to jump in today is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. It's Friday, George, and you know, welcome home. It's good to be back. You and the crew Have been at Entree Leadership Summit Re, summit Leadership. Summit Summit. Our signature leadership event. Always fun and just a joy. So let's get right to it, shall we? Alex is in Seattle, Washington. Alex, How can we help today? Thank you so much for both of you taking my call.


And I'm sorry if I sound a little nervous. I'm 60 years old, I'm being quiet, fired from my job, And I don't know if I'm going to be able to find work. And so I'm trying to figure out what my Next Steps could be. What do you do right now? I do, I work for a home care agency And I do billing, payroll, scheduling, And I hire, Okay, I've been doing that for 10 years, Jack Of all Trades. Yeah. But, but, but very administratively gifted. I'm gathering. Yes. You, you see details and checklists and you go through 'em like a lawnmower, right? I do. I do. Okay.


Yeah. The reason I, I stopped and, and kind of focused on that is, is I want you to understand how valuable you are in the marketplace right now. There, there are just always going to be companies, small businesses who need somebody like you who could wear a lot of different hats, as George pointed out. But, but you're just so valued because your ability to come in and take details and what might be a bit of a mess and clean it up. Does that still feel right to you? It does, Yeah. Okay. So that's the narrative, that's the mental language you need to be using for yourself as you begin to start looking aggressively. I'm assuming you're looking for other jobs right now, given that you feel you're being quiet fired.


Yes. I've been looking for work and then I, I've been looking at maybe starting something, you know, that I'm, that I don't know if I'm too old. What do you mean by starting something? Start starting a small, like starting my own small business and, and doing this for other, instead of just doing it for one agency, doing it for, you know, I like that. Whoever would want the service. I like it. I think it's both. And though, in other words, okay, if we can find something here soon to create a bridge for you, in other words, no interruption in payment. We get out of the current situation that we're in and then we get stable by just walking right to something else and then begin to contract yourself out and build that to where you can be very, very successful over the next eight, 10 years.


And, And I want George to jump in here on the, on the retirement question, but one other quick question. What makes you feel like you're being quiet fired Three months ago? So it's a, I worked for this company for 10 years now, but two years ago, a year and a half ago, it was sold. The person that has it now stopped talking to me about three months ago. Does it shunned in the office. People just kind of walk around me the whole, I can feel it in the air readings I used to be included in, I'm no longer included. They need me to do the thing I'm doing, but it, you really get the feeling that I'm, I'm not valued.


Yeah. He doesn't value me. Yeah. I'm so sorry, Alex. It's sorry. And, and here's what I want you to hear. The good news. This is all bad news, except there's one little silver lining in this I'm gathering, and the silver lining is that they're not brave enough to actually fire you. They're cowards. Yeah. And you're still, and they're not hampering you from doing your job. Correct. Did I pick up pick up on that? Correct. Yeah. Okay. So here's the deal to do it. So Alex, here's the deal. This sucks. I'm not gonna try to put a, I'm not gonna try to put lipstick on a pig here, okay? This sucks. This speaks to why I am in the, the work that I am. Because this is an example, folks, of what it feels like when you aren't valued at work, it's soul sucking.


It, it leads to burnout because you're a human being. All of this sucks. But the one piece of good news is they're not pushing you out. And as long as you don't rock the boat, I think they'll probably just wait you out. So let's play their game. So let's flip this thing, and now you become, you, you do your job, but you are every extra second you have at night. You are, you are now treating a full-time second job as getting the next gig and do exactly what the advice that I gave you. But I want to, you got what I'm saying? I do Aggressive, aggressive and don't worry, don't try to fix this situation. It's not fixable, but let's take advantage of it in that they're not pushing you out.


And I gave you what I think your Next Steps are, but I wanna bring George in for the retirement question. 'cause George, I don't want her to get panicked in this situation. I want you to give her, yeah, give her some coaching here on how she could prepare and where she's at. Give us a, a sense, give Georgia a sense of where you're at today in retirement. So I have 60, I don't have an IRA or any actual plan. So let me just start by saying that. And I, I, that keeps me up as I just didn't do it. I just didn't do what I needed to do. I have 60,000 in savings. I have $2,000 in credit card debt. I own one home outright.


Whenever I looked at that on, you know, one of the sites, it, it goes anywhere from seven to 800 k. And then I have a second home with a current mortgage of, and the on that is two, I owe $279,000 on that house. Is it being rented? Yes. My son currently lives in it and he rents it. He's good about that. I wanna try to keep it in. Is he paying market rent? Like are, are what's your He's total expenses versus what he's paying. So my, the total expenses to do that home is to, to manage that home is about 4,000. The mortgage utilities, all of those kind of things to live in there. And he pays that.


I don't make anything, but I don't pay anything. Okay? That's for another time. But at least tells me that you do have some money laying around, let's say a worse case. You could sell that property and use that for retirement income or use the rental income as a retirement income. So all is not lost here. I don't want you to give up hope, but you do need to get investing, it's wise to be diversified and not rely totally on rental income or the sale of this property to fund the rest of your life. Okay? And I would pay off the credit card debt today. Okay. Why are you hanging onto the credit card debt? I, I don't have a good, I don't have a good, I don't have a good reason. Okay. I don't, I would encourage you to pay it off and then even cut them up.


Take it a step further because you don't need lenders. You have Alex, you have Bank of Alex at your disposal, 60 grand saved. You have an income still. I would utilize that. And I, I feel like you have lost all of your confidence. You've lost your mojo. So part of this journey is rediscovering this new chapter for Alex. And you keep saying, I'm too old. I'm too old. Dave Ramsey's offended. He's just a few years older than you and the man's just getting started. And So I wanna encourage you, you still have a lot of time left. If you're in good health, you could work another 10 years and really build up a sizable nest egg and make a real impact with your career and help a lot of people along the way. Yeah. Real quick, I wanted to jump in George and ask how much is the rental house worth and how much do you owe on it?


Tell that real quick. I, I owe 279,000 on it and when I look at that, it's anywhere from four to 500 KI bought it and when I was older, Amazing. So you're, you're a net worth millionaire, Alex. You're not doing as bad as you think. I'd keep my chin up. Go find that other job. Go help some people and start investing as much as you can, George, and get this Thing paid off. Would you sell the rental house and stick that into the retirement strategy? That would be my Jump start term play as a worst case scenario. All Right. That would definitely hold Body. So hold on to it for now. Yeah. All Right. Very good. Alright Alex, listen, get your chin up. Take control of the future right now and find a place where you're valued. It's gonna change your life.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options and they've been around for over 95 years. So you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


All Right, Daniel's next in San Antonio, Texas. Daniel, How can we help today? Hey, Thanks for taking my call. I just have so many different debt lines of debt, lines of credit And I don't know exactly when each payment's coming out or how much is coming out and I'm just wondering how I kind of get that under control. All Right, well you're in the right place. George loves tackling multiple lines of credit, don't you George? I love it. It's Like trying to untangle fishing line for you. That's a reference I don't understand, but I imagine it's difficult. That's what I know. I get it. Is I get the vibe.


My, my guess is you're better at this than that. Yes, thank you. Yeah, I'll stick to lines of credit. There we go. Okay. So Daniel, how long of a period of time has this been happening? Is this years or is, was this a sudden life change that caused you to go into all this debt? Well, it's really only been a big issue since I bought a house. So you couldn't afford the house when you got into it. And then there was what repaired renovations, what happened? It's brand new house, so no repairs or renovations, but those door to door guys are pretty good. Did you get sold on solar And a water softener?


Oh my gosh. Hey, let's stop answering the door for strangers. Daniel, can you make a promise? Just imagine it's stranger danger And a Kirby vacuum. Not The, was this $4,000 vacuum? We got it for 1500. What a deal. Wow. So he is got a clean house. It's power powered by the sun and his water. So yeah. Who is we? Me and my wife got married in January. We bought the house in December. Oh, so there's an accomplice to the crime? Yes. Okay. Are you feeling the brunt of this? How is she feeling about all these lines of credit and drowning in the payments? We are very much together on feeling the, the brunt of it.


We both work together a lot on getting this paid. We don't right now have an account together, which we need to do. That's something we've talked about is getting a bank account together a hundred percent, but we don't really a Problem. That should have been day one. Yes. Is get one joint checking account that all income goes into and all expenses flow out of. That's the simplest way. 'cause right now you've overcomplicated your life. It's overwhelming. And we can help with the, with the credit side. Have you pulled your credit report to understand everything that's out there? I'm not sure I completely understand. I don't think I have.


Okay. So the credit report will show you every single line of credit, what is owed, who holds it. So that's going to be your homework. And Go to this website, annual credit report.com and you can pull your credit report from the bureaus. There's three of 'em. Okay. And your credit report.com? Yes. And never pay for this. It's, it's free to do and you can pull your report from all three bureaus, Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax. You'll see it right there on the site. So request the, the free reports. Once you get those, it'll give you a real clear picture of what is owed. And so it's gonna show you the creditor name, the balance, the a PR, the minimum monthly payment. And if you can't find any of this out on the credit report, contact the creditor to find out, hey, when, when is the due date?


What is the minimum monthly payment? What are, you know, make sure that everything lines up the last four digits of the account. So you've got some administrative work to do. And then the real work work begins of going, okay, we gotta clean this mess up. That's the bigger problem, right? Yes. What's the total debt amount as far as you know? Excluding The mortgage. Excluding the mortgage. Okay. So that makes it a little easier. You can ballpark it. Is it 10 grand? Is it a hundred grand? It's around 50. Okay. Around 50 grand. And that is between the lines of credit, the things you guys went into debt for, for the house. Anything else? Are there cars?


Are there student loans? No. No student loans. And we both have a paid off car. Okay. So you have 50 grand in debt. What is your household income? That's kind of spotty Right now I'm in, I just got a new job. I'm a waiter. So the, it goes up and down, but we've both made consistently anywhere from 60 to 70,000 each the past three years. Okay. And so you're on track to make 60,000 as a waiter this year, you said a new job. So like 50,000 this year. Okay.


What were you doing before making 60 or 70? I was a waiter at a nicer restaurant. And why did you downgrade? Well, the company I worked for transferred me to a struggling location. And then I quit that job to become a door-to-door salesman. And that didn't work Out. What are selling didn't work out? Well, I don't do that. Doesn't anymore. I was selling internet. Yeah, I was selling internet. Okay, well here's the Key. And I want you to get your income back up So we can get out this debt faster. Because you're telling me right now you guys make six figures as a couple. Yeah, Just about.


Yeah. Yeah. Daniel just jumping in real quick. You need to be working as much as you possibly can. So I don't know if that's another restaurant, a better restaurant, adding two restaurant jobs, even if it's picking up two or three shifts, you gotta get more income in here to get some momentum. Okay? And as far as the plan to get rid of this debt, you and your wife are gonna sit down tonight and you're gonna make your first budget and we're gonna gift it to you. It's called EveryDollar. It's an app that you both can log into, have total, you know, transparency into what's going on with our finances. You're gonna list your take home pay for the month. So you're gonna list your, your paychecks that are coming up, right? You'll kinda have a ballpark of what those are. And then beneath that, you're gonna list all of your expenses. And if to make this easy, you can look at your bank statement from the last month to show you, hey, here's what our light bill normally is, here's what our mortgage is, here's our insurance bills, all the things.


And then what you're gonna do is judiciously cut every single thing that you do not need for survival. Do you understand what I'm saying? Yes. So if it's not food utility, she, you know, shelter, transportation, insurance, it goes out the window, which means we're not eating out, we're gonna cut subscriptions, we're gonna cut everything out of our life that we don't need for survival. 'cause right now we are in survival mode And I wanna get you out of that. Okay? And at the bottom of that budget, you're gonna list your minimum debt payments and that's gonna give you a really clear view of where you're at. You can list the balance and the minimum payment and then you're gonna follow what we call the debt snowball method where you systematically knock out the smallest debt first while making minimum payments on the rest.


And that allows you to do something you haven't been able to do in a long time, which is just focus. Focus on one thing at a time. Okay? Do you guys have any savings right now? We used it all while I didn't have a job. So you're down to like just paycheck to paycheck in the checking account. Nothing in savings. Nothing in savings, Okay, So you step one is baby step one, which is the thousand dollars starter emergency fund. And that's gonna happen in the next paycheck or two, right? You guys will have a thousand dollars flow through your hands. Yes. Okay. What you're gonna do is set aside the thousand dollars before you start attacking this debt snowball.


And what you're gonna do is ignore the interest rates. You'll know what they are, but you're gonna ignore those and just focus on the smallest balance. Can you tell me what the smallest balance is? A thousand dollars. Perfect. So that's your next goal. How quickly can we knock this out? Making extra payments, working extra selling stuff, doing whatever it takes. And once that's knocked out, you free up that payment. That payment's what? A hundred bucks? 200 bucks. That minimum's. $29. $29. So now you free up 29 bucks to apply to the next debt. And you see how the snowball starts to roll and gain momentum? Yes sir. That is the key. That's how millions have done it. That's how I did it.


And I'm telling you, if you just trust the process and trust the plan, you guys will be outta this debt. I'm guessing. Let's see, making 120 K, you owe 50, you could probably get out of this thing within a year. Okay. But you know what that means, right? Basic napkin math says we gotta put like four grand a month towards this thing. Yes. And you're bringing in probably eight grand a month. So you see the game here, it's defined as much margin as we can by spending less and making more. And so every month come hell or high water, we're gonna throw four grand of this debt. 'cause we wanna be done with this within a year and not be a married couple, 10 years down the line.


Still in crippling debt. So hang on the line, we're gonna send you EveryDollar premium to help you guys through this. And also Financial Peace University So we can walk with you, give you the financial literacy and the tool to apply it with that budget. We're rooting for you, man. I like that you pulled an old phrase out. What's that? Hell or high water? I'm not even sure you understand it Back. I think there's water and fire involved. There is. That's all I know. And neither One are good choices. I like that. You gotta make something happen.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage. Just somebody else's.


Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is Ramsey Trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


Hey, how many of you out there are tired, exhausted about the paycheck to paycheck style of living? You just want to get out of it? The hamster wheel is just wearing you out. If that's you, you gotta listen. This is an opportunity, a low, low effort, but high return. It's a free budgeting training this month. You're gonna learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget. Using EveryDollar, you can get all your biggest budgeting questions answered in the live q and a. This is free, folks, sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. This is the way to kind of just kick the tires and take the pressure off and actually learn how to do the one thing that will change your financial life. So check it out, we'd love to see you there.


Joe is up next in San Diego, California. Joe, How can we help? What's going on? Thanks for taking my call. You bet. It might be a loaded question, but pretty much is it appropriate for me to ask an employee about their personal finances, try and dig into it to understand what to pay them in the situation that I did buy this person's book of business and it's in exchange for them having a job steady income. Alright, before we dive into that, And I'll defer to George on this one, but I, I'm curious, is there not a market value range of salary that you are already aware of? And then, and then are you asking this question in the context of that?


In other words, you know, the range of what the market says you should pay somebody with his experience or his or her experience in skill? Or are you just sticking your thumb in the air? So I have a general idea and it's a lot less than what they're get paid, what they're getting paid right now. But I also know that they're have a lot of personal debt from their business line that we purchased. I know the person has a friend, you know, now we're just work colleagues, you know, there's not really too much friendship. But the answer is I do know. Okay. But it's kind of the struggle to keep a good workplace and make sure that they are in a sense taken care of also because I'm, you know, I'm weaning them off right now.


I'm weaning them off, being used to be able to live frivolous frivolously. When you said you bought the book of business, did you write them a check? How did that go Down? No, So I actually acquired it for free. So I was actually, we had a document drafted that pretty much gave us the book of business in exchange for their employment guaranteed for six months. So what do they get out of this? So, so they get a job, essentially they get a job, okay, he's getting paid off the bottom line. He runs one of our branches, we have two branches. It was a big plus for us in terms of going from probably 300 to 400,000 for this year to probably a million plus in revenue.


So there's a big benefit on our end. And unfortunately he ran his business into the ground culturally. Financially. So that's where we came in compliance wise. They didn't get the insurances they needed because of losses. So you swooped in and said, Hey, I'll take over and I'll give you a job. And that was the agreed upon deal? Yes. Okay. I'll tell you how we view this at RAMSEY And we never look at someone's personal finance, is to figure out how much we're gonna pay them. The only reason we do a budget in the interview process is to make sure that what we pay them is enough for them to live. And so that gives them an out to say, Hey listen, I'd love to take this job, but I can't afford to, I don't, we don't want people going to debt because they took on a job.


So we don't do it to say, well they need 10,000 to live, let's pay them 10,000 a month. I think that's a different situation. So I would not base it on how much debt he has. I would base it on the value that they are bringing to the organization and what the market rate is. Because what you don't want is for them to get underpaid to where they go, well I can go elsewhere and make more, but I'm in this contract and stuck in this purgatory with handcuffs on because that's not going to create a great employment situation for them, which is only gonna hurt you in the end. Yeah. So gimme a ballpark of what you think this role would get paid. What would you pay someone else to run a branch if you hired from the outside?


75 to 80,000. Okay. Base hourly with some bonus based off performance. Great. What Were they paying themselves before you bought their business? It's hard to determine. I went into their numbers. They were pretty much paying themselves out of the business, him, his fiance, anywhere from 15 to $20,000 a month or more on big months. And you, you're telling me that was a poor choice based on how this business was run. He was overpaying himself, Overpaying themselves, taking on debt. They didn't need it. They didn't need, yeah. Spending out of the business having paid taxes in three years. So he owes back taxes for those, for that business for all for the last three years.


Wow. So like he's mentioned like some like 20 something thousand, but You're telling me 80 K is market rate to run a branch in your, your field. Yes. I'd say yeah, that'd be the higher side, you know, with his experience and his repertoire and being able to handle sales. Okay. And logistics. Okay. But that's a yes. That's a big gap. So Yeah. Is it gonna be on him to say, I can't take this job because it sounds like he has to take it based on the agreed upon contract? He doesn't have to. So he has an, we don't, we don't, essentially, he's very, he is a valuable asset to the team, but it's just trying to figure out the balance between being a good guy and making sure he's taking care of, that's why I feel like I need to see something.


And I know him, like I said, as a, as a friend from prior to business. I actually, long story short, I started helped him, I started helping him build his business. We had disagreements. He, you know, I was like, Hey, I need ownership in this thing. It was kinda like a young start. I'm relatively young and he's, we went down the road of no. So I left, started my own business in the same field now, now acquired his business line. Sure. No, I get that. Let me, lemme jump in here because I, I really appreciate your heart. You're a good dude. And, And I love the spirit by which you're entering into this decision. However, you've already pointed out that he, that he was paying himself too much based on the business.


And I understand you already have an existing business, but you, you, as you talk to us today, you have a pretty good idea the market value you told us, but you also have a pretty good idea about what's a healthy number and anything above that is you doing charitable work? True. Correct. Yeah. What's number, number the United States charitable work? What, what's the max number that you're, let's forget anything that he tells you in the days ahead as you dig into his finances or the way George told me, whether He has 500,000 in debt or nothing in debt, it doesn't matter. It doesn't reflect what you pay him. That's right. And So what I'm getting at is what's the max number? That's not charitable, Charitable max number. That's not charitable. 85 to 90. Like not much higher than that.


That'd be like the best of the best. Yeah. You can't justify a nickel beyond that. True or false. That's true. Yeah. Well Then that's the number. Okay. Yeah. The other reason I guess I was justifying it was the, was partially the debt, but then also partially like, well look, we wouldn't have this business line. But I was telling him, dude, there has to be a business, a balance. You can't just say, oh well you wouldn't have this business line if Exactly, if It wasn't for, you know, what I created. But it's like, well you wouldn't have a business at all. Exactly. So we didn't step in and now his employees are doing way better ratings, better performance, everything's improved. You know, everything has improved from A to Z. Correct. So Joe, that's why I'm jumping in here to say, if you pay him any more than the number you just gave us, you will.


And and he doesn't make any changes at all and there's a good chance that he won't make any changes. Correct? Yeah, there's a good chance that I'm worried About. Guess what happens? You become resentful. Yeah. And then this whole thing just becomes a negative taste in your mind. Just a nasty taste. So the max number that you've already, that's it. Don't go beyond that. Now you can incentivize him as the business grows, What makes, which makes sense as the bottom line grows. Yeah. So can his income. Yeah. But that it is what it is my friend. So don't go any more than that. And for that reason, George, I'm gonna come back to what you already said And I wouldn't be digging in too much of this guy's stuff Because then it's gonna feel like you're trying to pull a fast one on him based on, and even if it's high or low, I want to treat him like I would any other person who is applying for this job.


Give him that dignity a hundred percent and, and kind of remove all the history and context and go, this is what I can offer you. And if he becomes resentful or entitled, that's a good sign that he's not the guy for this job. Yep. And it's gonna suck to have to go back to the drawing board and hire someone from the outside to run this thing. But that's the healthiest thing for the business. I'd rather do that. Yeah, I, exactly. In all honesty, business numbers, I'd rather hire someone else. Train 'em. There you go. That's a lot. Why? And because I like you Joe, I'm gonna, I'm gonna send you the entree leadership guide to hiring that's gonna help you make the most of this hire and everyone after that. So hang on the line. Christian will pick up, we'll make sure to get that guide over to you, my friend.


Love that. Gotta be careful, George, and trying to be kind that we don't make bad business decisions on a personal decision and it ends up affecting the personal, you gotta have some boundaries based on kindness, but also good common sense for your business. Great stuff there. Thanks Joe for the call. All Right. Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks.


Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, And I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston And I just signed up And we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them at Fairwinds dot org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So Go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY. Fairwinds is federally insured by NCUA.


It is time for our Why Refi Ramsey Show question of the day. If you're buried in defaulted private student loans, you're not alone. You can reach out to Why Refi to see if they can build a custom plan to help dig you out. Visit Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY today. That's Why Refi YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states. Today's question comes from Lindsay in Maine.


Last year I bought plane tickets at a cost of $3,000 for me and my three children to go on a trip. Unfortunately it had to be canceled and the only thing we couldn't get a refund on was the airfare, which had to be used within a year. Fast forward one year And I'm still working to pay off my debt. Do I go ahead and take a loss on these tickets or try to plan a cheap vacation somewhere adding more debt to my budget? Ooh, what a conundrum. Mm. So the airfare didn't Go to waste, but she has to use it within a year. But she's on her debt payoff journey still. So she's sort of like, hey, there's a sunk cost here. Do I take advantage of the flights? 'cause I still have 3000 bucks I can use for flights and do it cheap or I don't, I just don't like the way it was phrased at the end adding, I don't either adding more debt to my budget.


My budgets are for cash flow planning. Yeah. Not planning to go into more debt. I'm not Sure. Yeah. I'm not sure why. That has to be the scenario. I, I'm curious, you know, what you think here, I'm wondering if, okay, we've got the the tickets, can we go, you know, is this a thing where we pause the, that's what I'm wondering. Debt snowball And we, you know me And we save up for a cheap vacation. In other words, Bo only baloney sandwiches. We staying out of discount hotel a George Kamel special or is it sorry, you're you, you know 'cause this is the Dave, I hear Dave right now going, you're not going on vacation. Yeah, you're not doing anything. But if I knew I had $3,000 in credit, what would I personally do if I was, Why I that's you think this is Interesting.


I'm gonna try to give some grace here. Some grace and mercy, which is something I rarely do because I'm the get outta debt guy at all costs do it. But I'm also a Mr. Frugal And I go, there's a sunk cost here and it hurts my soul. I think so too. To just lose $3,000. Yeah. When I can create a memory. We already, the the stupid tax half been paid. I See you in their kitchen, George coming up with a super saver vacation to use these tickets. Don't I see you doing that? I'm leaning that way. I see you doing that. I don't know where they could go without while limiting how much they're spending now. 'cause my thing is you gotta eat anyways whether at home. So can you go on vacation and Go to the grocery store and Yeah. Pack some baloney sandwiches for the week. Great. Can we do all the free activities in that area?


Great. The only issue is gonna be lodging. That's right. So that brings me to could we visit family, stay with family and make a trip around that to limit the costs? See I knew you could do it George. That's that's that gives me a headache. But you actually figured that out if we go stay with family, That's my final answer because the, the true cost of vacation is gonna be the travel is one of the highest costs. And then you got transportation and food. Yeah. And lodging. Yeah, true. And lodging can really eat up a big portion of the budget. So if you remove the lodging we can eat cheap and have cheap transportation. Have family member pick us up. So I don't know Lindsay's situation, but that's the only way I would feel good about doing that while on the debt-free journey. Yeah.


Yeah. I like that. Well done sir. I Tried to find some middle ground here. Find a compromise. I think you did. I think you went beyond compromise. I think you got a, now you in exchange you're staying with the family. You know That is an exchange. You're staying with Uncle Larry and Aunt Mildred. But they got two extra bedrooms. They're work nest. Yeah they got some parks and and stuff around their house. And if I think the kids can make it fun. Yeah, Yeah. They don't need to Go to Disneyland and drop another two grand while they're on the debt-free journey. So I'm not advocating for that. But I think there is a middle ground here. Yeah, Let's Go to Toronto. Ontario. Ontario rather where Bethany is waiting. Bethany, How can we help? Hi, How are you? Good, How are you doing? I'm good.


So my question is, I paid off my only debt I had, which is my car payment And I have about $600 extra and I've been putting my money paycheck to paycheck into like different TFSA accounts And I have like three TFSA accounts And I got two RSP accounts running right now. But I want to put my money into something that will gimme more money back when I retire or like when I go buy a house And I don't know where to start to put my money into that. Do you have any savings?


I have like 12,000. That's it. Okay. Is that considered your emergency fund? Is that enough for three to six months of expenses? So my, the three, six months I would ha I have about five grand. Okay. What's this other seven grand in investments? The TFSA and RP? Yeah, it's just in my RSP. Those ones. Yeah. Okay. I would focus on building an emergency fund because you haven't quite built the foundation to build wealth yet. Because what's gonna happen is, is there could be one or two emergencies that knock this savings out and now you're back going into debt to cover it. Okay. And So I would add up what your total expenses are for one month on average.


Multiply that between three and six depending on the stability of your situation and then begin investing. Okay. And what you're saying is, if I'm getting this right, I'm trying to make sure our American listeners know the equivalent. The TFSA is essentially like the Roth IRA in America. Yeah. Use after tax dollars Account. So like it grows tax free but it is an investment account. It's not a savings account. Yeah. Okay. And then the RSP is more like a traditional 401k or traditional IRS. Yeah. Like yeah, like the, I can't take money outta my RSP So I get taxed. So you're looking for a non-retirement account so that you can invest and have your money grow at a higher rate than a high yield savings account, which I don't know what the equivalent is in Canada.


I imagine the rates aren't as great as the us Do you know what the rates are for a savings account? Well right now I think it's, I'm, I'm at I think about 5%. Oh that's amazing. That's great. Yeah. And you're saying you want to grow it beyond 5%? Yeah. How soon are these goals going to happen? You're talking about a house down payment. I would like to get a house down payment in within like 10 years. Oh. By the time I hit 40. Okay, so you're 30 years old right now. You're saying there's a long time horizon for this goal. Can I invest it rather than save it? Yes. Yeah, I like that plan.


I'll tell you my parameter. If the goal is longer than five years, I would say let's invest that money. If it's less than five years, I'm more inclined to put it in savings to keep it liquid. Because we've seen, at least in the US stock market that over a five year period of time, generally we're going to see growth, we're gonna see ups and downs. But if you just look at any five year period, generally you're gonna see it go up into the right. And So I like this plan of view, putting this money to work, but I would first get the emergency fund in place and then begin investing in a non-retirement account. So this would be like a brokerage account. I assume it's gonna be the same in Canada, that you can open up one of these where it's just a taxable brokerage account. There aren't really any tax advantages and you can just stack money away there, invest it into the market.


I would choose like a mutual fund or an index fund to do this instead of a single stock. I imagine you have similar things in your retirement accounts and that's gonna allow that money to grow hopefully at a higher rate over the next 10 years. Okay. I hope that helps you. I'm proud of you. Oh, thank you. But I also like, do I like, do I continue even putting money into my RSP account? 'cause I heard someone say you shouldn't, you should just keep your money into A-T-F-S-A account. It would give you more like, Oh I see like Interest weight onto it. Well, The the TFSA what's happening is you're using after tax dollars. So you're not getting a tax advantage this year, but the tax advantages, that money won't be taxed again.


Okay. And so I'm a big fan of that because in a retirement it just causes less confusion. And if you have a million dollars sitting in that TFSA, that's like a million dollars of take home pay that the, that the government doesn't get to touch again. And so you're kind of betting that hey, tax rates will likely go up over the long haul. And you are also in the US there's different stipulations like required, required minimum distributions don't apply to those tax free accounts like they do with the traditional 'cause the government wants a piece of the pie and because you already gave it to them, they don't get it again. So a lot of advantages there. I would just stick to the TFSA if I were you for investing and that's 15% is what I'd recommend. And then anything beyond that put into that non-retirement account for the house down payment.


Okay. That'll give you some parameters to go. And that's, it's, that's pretty nerdy, Ken, but that's kind of our baby. Step three b slash four is I'm saving for that down payment. I want to invest. You can invest anywhere from zero to 15% in baby step three B, but she's saying 10 years. I do not want her pausing, investing for 10 years. I agree. And, And I think that number could change the 10 years. Right. I'm assuming she was on her own on that deal, So I don't know. That's true. Well hopefully she can get that down payment a lot sooner than That. Who knows what homes in Canada will cost 10 years from now. That's a scary thought. So true.


You guys, one of the best gifts that you can leave your family after you're gone isn't stuff it's peace. When something happens, your loved ones don't wanna be digging through drawers or guessing passwords to access your important information. That is why I love Nokbox. That's NOK as in next of Kin Box Nokbox is a super practical physical system that helps you organize all your important documents like accounts, passwords, assets, medical records, even your will in one safe place. And your Nokbox is divided into user-friendly categories to help you get organized. So you can give your family clarity, not clutter when they need it most. Go to Nokbox dot com slash RAMSEY and check it out.


Okay guys, I got big news. Aldi is now the official grocery sponsor of The Ramsey Show. Yeah. RAMSEY is teaming up with ALDI, the grocery store that cares as much about saving money as I do get this Aldi branded product save you up to 63% over similar name brand products at other stores. It's great quality and big savings on everything you need with no gimmicks, no membership fees or coupons required. See for yourself how ALDI is saving Americans across the country. $8.3 billion a year. So stop paying more and start shopping at ALDI where they have the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at Aldi, us. That's a ldi us


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to talk about their money, their work and their relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. I'm m Ken Coleman and George Campbell joins me. And we're gonna Go to Jake, who's joining us in Las Vegas. Jake, How can we help? Hey, how's it going guys? Hey, quick, Quick question for you here. So I'm planning on moving in with my longtime girlfriend by the end of the year probably. Yeah. And by our Dinner first. Yeah, I've I've bought her plenty. So she's actually been in school for the past couple of years and will come out earning, she's graduate school. She's gonna come out earning a, a pretty good chunk, maybe close to one 30 to one 50.


And I'm just looking for some help on how to budget that because she's gonna be the higher income earner, but she'll also have a lot more student loans. So just looking to see how you guys would recommend we balance that, that household budget. Well that sounds like you guys are combining finances. That is the plan. Yep. Or at least in some way contribute to the, the household, the goals together. Let's, can we play out a worst case scenario? 'cause that's 99% of the calls we get on this show. Yeah, let's do it. But before we do that, George, I just want, I was so excited. Well, you're gonna get to do it. Okay. Super quick question. What's your income? We know hers or what it's gonna be? What is yours? So I'm making pretty good money. I I'm making about 90 right now. And she's gonna be in the one 30 to one 50 range Probably.


Yep. How much debt do you have? I, I have none And I have a pretty good savings investment accounts built up. We're both really young, So I, I'm in a very good place. She just has the student loans as well. All Right. George Dash his dreams. I'm not here, I'm just, I wanna show you all scenario size scenario. Yeah. I got worried when you were saying, Hey, we're gonna move in together. Are you guys gonna buy a house? No, we're gonna rent an apartment together. Okay. And then what about the payoff? 'cause my concern, and we've seen this happen is you help girlfriend pay off her loans, a breakup happens and now you just have a sunk cost of helping this person pay off $50,000 worth of their debt with no financial relationship.


Yeah. So I, I'm not planning on paying off her loans, but I'm wondering how much she would expect. I guess that would be a conversation for her, but how much she should contribute to the household versus living off of one income, having her use her income to pay off the debt primarily. Well It's simple. It's simple. You guys are roommates. You guys are roommates, you're not married. So with roommates you'd go, All Right, we're gonna split split it down the middle 50 50. Okay. And, you know, she pays half the housing expenses and everything else she needs to be putting toward the debt. I don't know how gung-ho she is about getting rid of the debt. So she may be less excited about this plan of living like she's broke after finishing her program and making this amazing income and then still living like, man, I'm still eating ramen over here.


Sure. How intense is she about getting out of debt? She is wanting to get rid of it asap. Okay. And do you know the total amount? It's a couple hundred thousand. Woo. Hello? What Was her program? What degree is this? It's a medical degree. Okay. Is this like a nurse practitioner type thing or is it on the administrative side? Physician assistant. Very similar. Okay. Pa All Right. So what's her long-term income possibility? So probably at most probably getting up to around 200,000. Yeah. How long you guys been dating? We've been dating about three years. And you've never lived together? Well, she's been in school for the majority of that time and we've actually been doing long distance for about two years of it.


But anytime she comes home, we are the staying together. So we sort of have a history of living together for a few months at a time and it goes really well. Of course we, we have those long-term plans together, So we are How old are you, Jake? Very young. 20, 25, 26 years old. Okay. Are you thinking about marrying this girl? Yeah, that's on the, the agenda for both of us. Oh, Where, where is it on the agenda? Gimme a date Just five years down the road. Engagement probably. Why five years? Hold on. Another five years. Yeah, Probably something like that. Why At least maybe at least three at a minimum. What's Up with the minimum? I'm Call in for financial advice guys.


Not, I'm just Well I'm just curious. America is also wondering, Jake with the Heisman, he stiff armed us. Yeah. Hey look, you're right. You did call in for financial advice, but guess what's involved in finances? True. Good point. Yeah, I mean, we're just sort of feeling it out. We're not in any rush right now. Want to enjoy time together while we're young and neither we, we know the vision we have. So we're not in a rush to get married. We just wanna enjoy our time together. Okay. I've done all I can do. Jake, Jake gave us the boundary. It's Not a i to me, Jake, this is not, it's not like a moral thing. I'm not here to make judgment calls about your life. I'm just telling you that financially you're gonna be so much better off by combining your financial lives, working toward a goal together, working toward a vision together.


And right now it feels like we're just kind of looking to playhouse and have a good time. And you can do all of that and be married. So if you're committing to live with someone committing to help someone with their debt payoff journey, whether it's, you know, support or financial, I would just go, Hey, we're gonna pay this thing off a whole lot faster if we work together. We're gonna build wealth a whole lot faster if we work together. And if you know, she's the one, I don't know the reason for a five year delay. Hey, Hey George, back off. He didn't call in for relationship advice. My One man's take Jake No More. More than fine Jake. I I didn't mean to get a yes. It's my que I'm just having fun with you. It's Friday. I like to have a good time here.


Here's the deal. I I hope she's on the same page as you because with the plan that you've given us, there's a good possibility she starts making really good money as a pa and you guys aren't combined finances, So you don't get a say and she starts to get a credit card here or a car payment there. That's why I am saying that's why we like the marriage play on this. If we know it's a foregone conclusion, it just makes a whole lot more sense. And if not, you're gonna have to have some real boundaries financially in order that it doesn't hurt you relationally. Do you understand what I'm saying? Yeah, that makes, that makes sense. Yeah. So I would, I would, 'cause if I'm girlfriend I'm going, hold on, I got a, I got hundreds of thousands of student loans you want me to pay half of you can cover all the bills just fine on your own.


I wanna focus on my debt payoff. Can you take on the brunt of the bills? Boom. Red flag resentment. Yeah, that's kind of how I see this playing out. 'cause that's how it happens in real life And yeah, she makes more money than you pal or she's going to, should She be paying more of the bills should be based on income. Ho So that's sort of what I'm getting at is because we are both on the, the same page financially, I'm a very financially conscious per person. She knows my attention and dedication to just building a future for myself and for ourselves there. So she, she wants this paid off. She wants to contribute towards the household. So I guess a, a big question of what I'm asking is I, with this future we're both envisioning for ourselves together, marriage aside, we, we'll table that for the time being, but how, how much do you think is it at this point, 50 50 split Or would those plans to marry down the road?


Should it be maybe I do 60, she does 40 And we let her tackle more of that debt. No. Doing that. That's going to be the Plan Oh, that's so goofy. Do you hear how goofy that sounds? It's 50 50. It's what I said seven or eight minutes ago. I haven't changed my mind. Have you changed your mind? No. Although I am, I'm just picturing you saying, Hey, you make 40% more than me. I think you should pay 40% more of the bills too. Yeah, I'd Like a video of that. I could send it to me So I have something to watch when I get bored during the day. Because that's gonna be funny. Yeah, that could go viral, Jake, if you film that scenario. Yeah. Alright. Fair enough. Well, thank you guys for the Help. Best of luck. Yeah, He's in Vegas. Just go down to one of those little Elvis. Seriously. You know, there's a wedding chapel on every corner.


It's kinda like a church in the south, you know, there's just wedding chapels everywhere. God bless. Get him a get her a ring, man. Yeah, we're gonna put that off. We're gonna talk about our future together. He said, marriage aside, we're gonna put that one. We're gonna talk about our future. We're putting marriage, The one thing that actually legally means we're together. We'll put that aside. God bless Jake. Hey, hey guys. I, I call, I didn't call for relationship advice. Back off.


Let's get real folks. Healthy eating sounds good until your day gets really busy and suddenly you're gulping down your third frozen pizza of the week. That's why I love Field of Greens. It's a superfood powder. It gets me real fruits and veggies selected by doctors to help my heart, lungs, metabolism, and so much more. I mix it with water, shake it up, and boom, I'm fueling my body without slowing down my day. And here's the truth, I expected it to taste like dish soap, but it tastes great. Really great. Plus Field of Greens promises that your doctor will notice your improved health or you get your money back. Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY and save 20% on your first order.


Hey, what's up Dr. John Delony here. The new dates have dropped for the money and marriage getaway over Valentine's Day weekend in 2026. This is your chance to hit pause on everything in your life and reconnect with your spouse over a long weekend in Nashville, Tennessee. Me and my friend Rachel Cruz will be digging into topics like sex, money, communication, and more. This weekend is happening on February 12th through the 14th and early bird prices start at $749 per couple, but the prices will be going up soon. Get your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Let's Go to Zachary in Los Angeles, California. Zachary, How can we help? Hey, thank you guys so much for taking my call. The, the issue that I'm having, it's actually more of a moral dilemma and I'm looking for some guidance from you guys. So, Hello. We lost you, Zachary. We do not have a moral dilemma. We have a technology dilemma. I was So excited. I Was too. I love those. Let's See if we can get 'em back. Yeah, maybe the guys can get on the line with him, see if his line can get, figure that out. The pipes are clogged apparently on the phone. Is that right? I think, I don't know. I appreciate that he was he sounding good until he wasn't?


I appreciate that very much. All Right. Well before, while we're trying to get him, this is a good time to talk about, you And I were talking about during the break. You're getting ready to getting ready to move. Yeah. Got a, got a new home. We Just love to move. Yeah. I realize I like pain and suffering and so every few years. Why not, you know, every thousand days just up and move.


Yeah, Well a lot of people are thinking about buying or selling. George just started his process of selling and you know, we always recommend don't do that on your own. It's such a massive, massive financial decision. We wanna make sure that you understand what's going on in the market and the latest trends, make sure that you understand them. Median home prices, for example, George went up slightly last month to about 430,000 more homes are on the market, nearly 1 million. That's the highest since 2019. So there's no longer an inventory issue. The average 15 year fixed rate rose to 5.9% last month. So the the point is, is if you're financially ready, don't worry about the what's going on in the market, but we wanna make sure that you know what's going on in the housing market trends and get some free tools to help you buy or sell. And we've created a wonderful website for you. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market.


All Right, let's see. We see we got, look at that. You see what I did there? I helped people out with some good real estate information and in the interim we got Zachary back on the wall. So smooth Zachary with the moral dilemma. Are you there? Hey. Yeah. Can you guys hear me well? That's so good. All Right, lay it out. George. And I have our fake robes on our judges robes and powdered wigs. What's going on? I, I appreciate it. So about a year and a half ago I got quote unquote recruited into the insurance industry, as I'm sure you can guess the whole life insurance industry. Oh, And I graduated from college in 2023 and just graduated from grad school about a couple weeks ago. Congrat, I'm a full-time college basketball player as well as working part-time.


I got married in August. And so my, my moral dilemma's a little bit unique because this industry has done a lot for me financially. But the more that I've listened to you guys and the more that I've, I've just grown to, to learn the financial industry as a whole, the more I am struggling to sell a product that I don't necessarily believe in. And did you Ever believe in it? What caused the turn? I got a, a cold DM on Instagram about a guy that played sports in college and does sales. And I was like, oh, that, that should work for my situation. And my managers allowed me to do it part-time. And I, I really got to kill it when I was working full time.


And I, I didn't have a great understanding of the product at all. I just knew it was sales and it became a lucrative. And so it was one of those things that was difficult to, to step away from. And especially getting married, I'm not sure, like, But What caused you to, to go, I have a different understanding of this product now. Why do you think it is a bad product? I just list, I mean, listening to you guys, if I'm being completely honest, like I underst like if you, I was pretty naive, like when I started I just knew it was sales, I knew it was insurance. You're getting told by all these people that it's helping people. You know, it's, it's, it's a product. It's cash value, it's building, it's an investment. So you're learning from people that don't know and then you learn a different side and you do research.


And so that's where it was really kind of more difficult for me to, so, and the, the kicker is I'm, I'm actually leaving in three months to Go to Europe with my wife to go play professional basketball. Nice. And so congrats. Thank you. So I appreciate it. Let's, So you can't do this anymore then it feels like this is your out, I mean, why not just leave and not do whole life anymore? And that's, that's really like the, the quote unquote dilemma is like, is it something that I sh because my the earnings potential through the summer is, is so high and it's just so like, conflicted with like, do I provide For My wife And I versus what do we do? Yeah. So Zachary, let me put the question to you. Okay. 'cause you actually said this at the beginning of the call And I paraphrase here if I can remember how you said it, but you said, is it, is it a moral dilemma or I have a moral dilemma because I'm selling a product that I do not believe in.


So you tell me, is that immoral? Yes or no? It sounds pretty immoral. It's not so much that it's immoral. It's not like you're selling an illegal product. You're not selling drugs. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. So I don't, I don't think it's immoral and that's why I'm putting it to you that way. But I, okay, lemme put it this way. Do you think that you can thrive and I mean, not just financially thrive mentally and emotionally when you are selling a product that you don't think is a good product? Yes or no, It's, it's becoming more difficult too. And I, like I said, I wanna just preface it by saying I'm, I'm super blessed with an incredible wife and incredible faith and incredible family.


So it's like I, I am so blessed in my life And I never take that for granted financially, relationally. And So I just like the work, the work that I've been going, especially the last month since I've been done with school and basketball and trying to get back into it full time has been much more difficult this year than it was last year. Right. And why is it difficult Because of that little voice in your head that, you Know what I mean, it's eating away at your soul. So the, so the answer, the question is not for George And I to answer. The answer is for you to answer what's the answer? Say it. Yeah. Just to be done. Be Done and done. Here's what you're good at, Zachary. You're not good at selling whole life. You're good at serving people.


Yeah. And So you can use that skill to go sell something else that you do believe in. That might be insurance. There's a lot of types of insurance that we do recommend that you can feel good about and there's types that we don't. And So I would go find something that you feel good about selling in the financial space in insurance or maybe there's something else out there for you entirely. And this was just a fun thing you did for a little while to make ends Meet. I agree. What's the, when do you leave over for overseas to play ball? Yeah, most likely the middle end of August. And that's, that was also kind of the other part of the question is like what's, what does it, like what, I don't know if there's advice or what does it look like? 'cause making it, it doesn't really feel like, to me it makes a lot of sense to make a, a change, a career change for three months.


I Agree. I agree. And so the next question is financial for me. Do you start getting paid already on the contract for the overseas team or is that not No, I won't get paid until probably September. And so that's the thing is How much money do you need to stay afloat between now and getting paid in September? I mean need is, i, I don't need I guess quote unquote need any money in terms of like we have, we're we're pretty, we've set up pretty well. I mean we have about it. The, the thing for me is the, just Yeah, I don't, we don't need anything You're Saying is your wife working? You have income and savings that can support you guys if you quit insurance cold Turkey today? Yeah, we do. Yeah. They Go do some side projects.


Just if you're just looking to bring in some cash, just go do something. You're in this really interesting season, man. What are you gonna make as a professional basketball player? Not a lot in the first year. It's usually two or three grand a month, but there's no expenses either. And so it's, it's no house. You house a car food. So It's, it's, I I would walk away then from this whole life stuff that you don't feel good about and enjoy these next few months, that's all you got. It's gonna be over like that. If you want some extra spending cash, go do something that's just super part-time and easy, you know? Yeah, For sure. Yeah. Hey, question. And you may not feel comfortable telling me and that's okay. Where'd you play ball? Yeah, I played at Point Loma Nazarene in San Diego?


Yeah. As well as Seattle Pacific and Seattle. Good for you man. Well man, that's exciting. You're gonna have a a, a season of life, a young married couple over in Europe playing basketball. That's not a bad gig, you know? And hopefully you stay healthy and can start cashing in on a big contractor. So, and go for it man. But do what's right. That's, that's the thing. And, and you're determining what's right. I don't get to tell you what's right. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah. So good man. Appreciate the call. Yeah, I love the honesty there. Yeah. That takes a lot of self-awareness and soul searching to go, man, I'm making great money. Yeah. And it's eating away at my soul. Got It. I can't do it anymore. You got it George. I love the way you said it because the bottom line is if you're selling something that you don't believe in, it will eat away at you.


There's just no question about it and it's not worth the exchange Selling your soul at that point. That's not just whole life. Yeah. Really good stuff. Alright George, I'll explain to you what basketball is and you Know, AlleyOOP, that's a move. Okay. You got that one. Very nice. All Right, keep it up buddy.


When you go through a job loss or job change and lose your employer sponsored health insurance, there's no better time to try Christian Healthcare Ministries. That's right. There's another option besides Cobra, to take care of your family during that time. Because if you didn't know, the cost of Cobra has gone up a lot in the past few years. And CHM is an affordable biblically based alternative to health insurance. So do your own research. The CHM is a great option. That's potentially a third of the price of cobra. It's a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And the support you get from CHM goes beyond helping you pay for medical bills. Members become part of a family that prays for them when they have a medical event. Try getting that with Cobra. So if you're going through a job loss life change or just wanna explore other options to save on healthcare, CHM might be perfect for you. CHM programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money. That's why you have to start telling your money where to go So you can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to it is with the EveryDollar budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses. Download EveryDollar in the app store or Google Play today.


Let's Go to Laura in Columbia, Missouri. Laura, How can we help today? Hi, my question is if you guys would think that it would be feasible for me to be a stay at home mom? So I've kind of ran the numbers and I've made a budget for my husband and we've kind of looked everything over and it's taken 'em a while to finally like agree to it and be comfortable with it. But my thought was if I could get the Ramsey Network to quote unquote approve it, then maybe we could make it happen. Oh Wow. Wow. That feels Pressure Ken. So, so like he's already sort of okay with it, but you need our final stamp of approval and you're hoping that that gets him on board?


Yes. Oh boy. Oh boy. You know what I got no problem getting in the middle of this one. I'm fine. You think George? You're good. All Right, So you gotta give us the details. So let's cut right to the, the most important part of it here when you've done the budget. 'cause we don't have time to go line by line. So when, when you do the budget, what does that show us? And we're looking for what surplus do you have after you've paid all the bills? And then tell us what baby step you guys are on. Again, kind of give us the quick picture there. Yep. It's tight but it, it is very, very doable. So the reason why I'm still employed is so that I can get my pension. So I'm almost five years vested with this bait.


And then after that, that's whenever we were looking for me to be able to stay home. So we have a 2-year-old and an eight month old both 20 months apart. And so line by line he makes about 1200 a week. And so it would be tight but we could do it. How much tight? Like what would be left over? Probably two to $300. Okay. And then, And I can't remember if you told me And I apologize, what baby step are you on? So everything's paid off besides the house. Oh, okay. We just have 50,000 left on the house. Great. And do you have a fully funded emergency fund? We do. We have about 20,000 in savings. Way to go. That's fantastic.


Congrats. And you, when you say you have two to 300 bucks extra, is that after all expenses are paid healthcare, are you investing 15% of his income at that point and there's still 300 bucks left over? Yes. Okay. So your only other financial goals would be saving for college and paying off the house in the baby steps Y Yep. Yep. So we cash bought a vehicle in March. We traded my old Equinox sign for a minivan. So I'm a minivan mom and So we were able to pay cash for that, which is pretty awesome feeling. And then everything else is paid for. So we have no debt, no nothing. And then he has side job Saturdays And I have side job Saturdays. And so, oh, I'm a part-time photographer and so he's a blue collar man, so he goes and welds and What does he make Cattle And Off.


Okay. This is great. So I have a couple more questions And I'll be ready to rule. I think George is probably already ready over there. I seem No, I'm hesitant. You're hesitant. Okay. I got a couple questions that may help Judge George. Okay. Alright. How much does he make right now? Just in his trade job? His main job Probably right around 70,000 I think. And What were you? 1200 a week after taxes. Okay, Great. And what were you making? Let's assume you're already gone. So what, what has been your salary? 50,000 a year. 50. So we're taking a $50,000 hit. My question is with you doing the, what'd you call 'em? Saturdays, what'd you call it? Side, Side job.


Saturdays side job Saturday. I love that. Are the side jobs that both of you're gonna continue to do, are they included in the budget number that you gave us? I not, his mine was I do photography and So I charged $300 a session And I just budgeted to do two sessions a month. That's very minimum. Gotcha. For Me. And So What about his side hustle stuff? What will that generate? It could be a thousand a month easily. And that's not included in the numbers you gave us. No. So in all reality it's, it's, it's, it's reasonable to assume that from your budget alone, just going down to one income, you're gonna have, let's call it $300 of surplus a month after everything's taken care of.


And then we add his a thousand. So we're gonna be, we're gonna be in the black, let's say $1,300 a month. Okay. That, that to me, I'm okay with it. I'm fully okay now because what I was gonna suggest is how could he make an additional $50,000 a year professionally and the fact that he's blue collar but he's kind of in the trades. I think there's, there's, there's very reasonable expectation that he can do that. And if he were to get close to replacing your 50 in the first 12 months, to me that's a no-brainer. But I'll, I'll, I'll see what Judge George thinks. He's over here quietly tapping his pen. Tap, tap, tap. No, I like this plan, Laura.


I'm not worried. I just wanna make sure that you guys have enough margin to create sinking funds to save for vacation, create a sinking fund to save up, to upgrade the cars eventually to have enough to throw a little bit of college savings, to have more on top of that. To throw at the mortgage, to be able to give and spend the way you guys want and not just be right up to it every month. 'cause when you said it's tight, I feel like that's, that brings its own stress. But I also know that staying at home is such a big decision and it's such a family values decision that it sort of trumps the just math numbers. Yeah. And that's where I go, if you guys both agree this is the right move, do it and then figure out a plan to I agree, achieve those further goals.


And that might mean he busts his butt and gets some raises. It might mean that you have to continue this side hustle for the next three years until we get to a better place. But if you guys are willing to make those sacrifices necessary, you have a green light for me. Yeah. And, and, and you know, you have a green light for me already. And I would also add to, you will not regret this decision to come home. If you change your mind, you can always go back to work, but you'll never get this time back with those little ones. And I'm, I'm, listen, I'm, I'm speaking as a guy who I'm watching my kids grow so fast. It it's freaking me out. You know, I got a kid in just finished his freshman year in college And I thought I was changing his diaper yesterday. It goes fast. And So I, I just think, And I, yeah, that's the Biggest thing. And I'm gonna also say this, and by the way, my mom was a working mom and my wife has worked during many years of our kids' lives.


So I don't want what I'm about to say to get misinterpreted 'cause that happens in today's age. So I'm gonna say this as clearly as I can. I am pro women who wanna work for financial reasons or professional reasons. Love it. But I also think that the greatest job in the world is to stay at home. Mom and I applaud you. Give it a shot. So is your husband listening in right now or is this, we're gonna tell him this later. I was gonna tell him later. All Right, fun. When is this happening? You said is it a little ways out? So I would be vested for retirement at the end of July and so then probably August. Okay, good. Just a few months away.


Yeah. Congratulations. Yeah. But we wanted to stay that vested So I could get the pension when I retire with the state. But then also I put in extra retirement. So I put in about 15% of my income once I started here. And So I have roughly about 30,000 in retirement just with the state. Awesome. Nice way to go. I think that's a very wise move. And I'll tell you Laura, my wife decided to stay at home after a nine year career at RAMSEY. That's right. She was thriving, crushing it and it was the right decision for her as hard as it was. And So I, I think like Ken said, you're not gonna regret this. And it is definitely a, it's a big move for your family. It's, Yeah, It's, And I love what I do So I, I work in recruitment for a college And I love what I do to recruit, to recruit these students for technical education.


It's just my babies are calling me home. Come on mama. I love it. I think that's fantastic George, really quick 'cause we got about a minute and a half with her. I'd love for you to give her some advice on what to do with that pension and maximize that. Oh absolutely. So you said you're fully vested. When will you have access to it? When I retire. Okay, so we're talking 60. Yeah. What will it end up being per month? Right around 15 to 1900 I think. Great. So that will kind of bolster your retirement and as long as he's investing that 15%, you guys are still young, right? Yeah, so he just turned 31 this week and I'm 29 And we have him putting 500 a month into a Roth.


I a already. Okay, but you're not quite at 15% yet. I am with my current salary with him, he's at fif, we're at $500 a month for him putting into a Roth IRA. So you'll need to increase that to 15% 'cause it's 15% of household income, which then might change your budget. So I'd go back to that budget and see what it would be like to take 15% out of each paycheck before it hits versus his current $500. I still think you're gonna make it happen. And I think the power of you guys making this move will change the direction of your family in the best way and the money will just show up. 'cause you guys are willing to work for what's important to you. Yeah. Laura, so, so excited for you and you're gonna be great at home.


It's gonna be great. Tell the husband it's gonna all be okay. It's natural for him to be worried about losing an income but it'll replace itself. Glad we got to make that decision. I think that was the right thing. Yeah. For two random guys to do. Two random guys. Yeah. To rule on it.


All Right, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey Trusted Agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're people you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey Trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


All Right folks, thanks so much for being a part of our audience. We do this for you And we need your help. You know, the show is continuing to grow new audiences and so wherever you're partaking of the show, if it's on YouTube, we'd love for you to subscribe, like, and share. And then if you're listening via podcast, give us a follow and a share as well. Subscribe. 'cause that helps us grow. You know how the algorithms work. I don't but that's what they tell me. So we would appreciate that. We don't wanna hurt Ken's head. We do not. It's easy to do. George say things like algorithm And I just start to get for Clem, keep Ken out of it. Start crying. It scares me. Aaron is up in Columbus, Ohio.


Aaron, How can we help? Hi Ken. Hi George. Thank you so much for taking my call. You bet. Long time listener and follower of baby steps. Thank you. Wife And I made it baby steps seven about five years ago. Hey o that's no big, that's no small thing there. That's huge. Yeah, thank you. We've got a problem. I wanted to run something by you. Get some advice and So you think, Alright So one of the things we're doing well that got us there is investing in our company 401k plans. And I work for a small business, very small family owned company. It's the LLC and have been in there 401k about 14 years.


Have amassed about 315,000 at its height in March of this year. We know what happened in the market in April. So it went down about two 50 and around that time the company wants to switch providers So we get a blackout notice. Everything seems coer. However, during that switch I found out that we were fully divested out of the market for seven days, May 7th to May 14th. And if you've been watching the market, that was a rally period. So losses were realized I lost about 237 shares valued at $18,000 out of that retirement account.


And I've got about 30 more years projected to my retirement date. So the question I guess is, have you ever heard of that? I guess it's standard I'm told for an old 401k provider to liquidate to cash and then spend some days to move outta the market and then rebuy with the new company. Man that really stinks. And you know the changes like this happen all the time, but the crazy fluctuations in the market is just really bad timing to miss out as the market makes a comeback and you're sitting on the sidelines unable to do anything about it.


Sure. And So I don't know that there's anything you can do to get that money back. I mean essentially it was out of your control and you're gonna just have to build that back up. But you can ask HR for a detailed transfer report, you know, and work with the record keeper to go, Hey, what exactly happened? I wanna make sure that my investments are still invested where they were. It's in the same funds, I have the same amount of shares. But you're telling me that essentially they had to cash out this transfer temporarily for that week and when they cashed it back in to buy the same amount of shares, you bought less shares because of the price or what? Exactly? The price went up about 6%. Mm.


So it, it's not a loss in a traditional sense, it's more of a missed gain. Correct. And that, that unfortunately is just part of the risk of any kind of 401k provider transition. And So you can talk to your employer, I doubt they're gonna do anything, especially as a mom and pop kind of small company. They're not a giant corporation where they're gonna go, we're gonna cover any missed gains that happened because that's on us for changing providers. You guys had nothing to do with that decision. But I, I don't want you to spend too much time reeling over this 'cause you guys are doing so well that it's such a small part of your world at this point. Sure. Yeah we had, I appreciate that. We did talk to the employer.


In fact this happened in 2017 as well, but it was only 15 shares and about $800, Much smaller Scale. So we just came about a Yeah, I had warned the employer and asked the new advisor, Hey, I've got scars from last time and mistakes are higher, can this be avoided? And and it wasn't avoided. And when I followed up the response was, sorry that can happen. That's unfortunately what I thought the answer would be. I doubt they're gonna be like, well let's just write you a check for $18,000, Aaron, for your missed gains. We're so sorry. I wish it worked like that, but it's just one of those snafus and the timing could not have been worse.


But it's a good reminder to not pull your money outta the market. 'cause the stats are pretty wild. Ken, if you missed, you know, the, the best 10 days of the market 'cause you were spooked. Yep. You thought, hey this is, it's gonna go crashing. Well you're gonna really miss out on gains on the other side. Yeah. When the comeback does inevitably happen. But man, it's pretty rare that this kind of stuff happens. It's not every day that employers are just switching 401k providers, especially going a whole week with that money not sitting in any investment account. But it's just part of the reality of an employer retirement plan. You don't have all the control. That's Right. Yeah, it stinks, but you gotta move on. So you know you're okay. This is not a devastating play for you. And it does stink though. So sorry about that.


Yeah, I will grieve with you on that one. Yeah, absolutely. That one, that one stings Ruby is up next in Washington DC Ruby, How can we help? Hi. I was wondering if I should sell my home. Okay, tell us more. Why are you wondering about selling your home? So I am over the 25%, I'm currently at 42%. I have a debt of 34,919. Total monthly income is 6,360 mortgages, 2,660. And including utilities, it would be 2,990.


Okay. We can remove utilities from that. I'll clarify the parameter. It might help your numbers, I'm not sure yet. So the 25% parameter is again just a parameter. So if it's 27%, it's not like go sell your house today. The goal is just to have enough money left over to fund your other goals. Like investing 15% of your household income, putting away some money for college, paying off the home early, going on vacation, upgrading the cars, yada yada. So the after tax 25%, that is before any other deductions like your healthcare premiums, your 401k contributions. So are you factoring that in right now? Only the health insurance, which is about 220 a month.


Okay. So if you subtract the two 20 from that, that will help your 25%. And are you doing any investing right now or you have this debt to pay off? No, no investing. I have the debt to pay off. Okay. And what kind of debt was that? Did I miss it? This is consumer debt. Okay. Is it, is that combined or is that one debt? No, that's all combined. Okay. That was the 34,000 number you gave us? Yes. Okay. Alright. So if we take out the health insurance, you're likely maybe slightly under 40, still not a great position. So what I would tell you is this, selling your home is a very expensive transaction. And So I would not encourage you to do that unless there was no hope in sight that you were gonna get your income up and your expenses down.


So what, what are you doing for work? Is this a sole income for the household? Is this just you? No, this is me and my husband. Okay. And what does the upward mobility look like in your careers? Because if we get your income up, that changes these numbers drastically. Yeah, I would say in about three, just this year, I should be getting about a 7% raise. Okay. My husband on the other hand is probably gonna lose his work permit soon, but we have high hopes that he will be able to get it back again in about two years just because of timing with U-S-C-I-S and all of that stuff. So what does that mean?


Does he gonna go without income for two years? It is possible Then you definitely can't keep this house. What happens if he loses his income today and it's just on you, that mortgage becomes 70% of your take home pay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. The only thing I can do, 'cause he brings in 2,400 a month, is I can rent out rooms that I have. I don't have any kids yet. That doesn't feel sustainable. No, this isn't good. And I wouldn't trust, listen, I don't, I don't care who's in the White House. I don't trust the government to move on time about anything. So the two years could stretch into who knows what, throw you guys into a real tough situation.


I absolutely would sell the house and rent, rent and rent cheap. You guys are in flux because of his work permit. Correct. I would really think about this long and hard and if it's a surefire thing, he's gonna lose his income. There's just no way we can keep living like this. So even if your rent is the same, there's still a lot less risk and less expenses that go along with being a renter versus a homeowner. So you might need to delay that dream a little while longer until we get some stable income, like 10 grand a month to afford a $2,500 payment. That's the math.


Go call every customer.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. By the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys.


So what do we do.