
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Wash our Ramsey personality. Number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Megan is with us in Chicago. Hi Megan. How are you? Hi, how are you? Thanks for having me. Sure. What's up? Well, just quick context. My husband is an addict. He on average, spends about $6,000 a year on his addiction to tobacco and marijuana.


We've had kind of a rough couple of months. His father passed away, his grandfather passed away. I'm currently pregnant with our third child and taking a toll on him. So I've actually seen his spending go up a little bit. Shouldn't say a little bit. It's kind of doubled in the past couple months. Last month was $700 a loan on his addictions. Anyway, that, by way of context, my main question is, we have a car payment, it's 600 a month. We currently have the cash that I could write a check and pay off the car.


A loan is $20,000 and some change And we would still have six months emergency reserve like you suggest. My concern is with his kind of out of control and erratic behavior right now, I'm afraid if, if I do cut a check, pay off the car And we gain the $600 monthly to help with groceries and other bills, I'm afraid it's just gonna go out the window And we can't contribute to savings and things are super tight anyway. So What's your household income Right now?


It's 156. Okay. Does he agree that he has a problem? Is he willing to get help? He does agree and he says he wants to get help, but I have to say like the come to Jesus talk happens about every two weeks. So wait a minute. What? What, okay, one, one more time. What's your household income? 156 a year. Okay. And What, what do you make and what does he make? I am a stay at home mom right now. And so it, the whole salary is on his side. So if you said to him, okay, You, you use language differently than I do.


Okay. Okay. If I was to say that my wife was an addict, that would mean that our marriage was either getting ready to end or she was getting help next week. Yeah. How Long is it? But you use this like it's part of the budget. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it has been for several years. Yeah. That's, that's on you. Yeah. That's that why If you said you've had several come to Jesus moments and he's clearly not gotten the help, at the very least have you had the conversation of, well, if you're not gonna get help, I need to be in control of the money because you're gonna starve us.


Yeah. I am in control of the money that then How does he get money for pot? Right. How's he getting the money for drugs and tobacco? He has, he only has access to his paycheck, which goes into our joint account. But He has the only paycheck. Yeah. Yeah. So you're not in control of the money. Well, we have a joint account that he has access, But when I say you be in control of the money, I mean, He does not have access. He doesn't have access to it because he's not wealth. Okay. I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying. If you're going to call him an addict, you're going to have to act like it. Yeah. Otherwise you could just say, my husband smokes some pot sometimes and he drinks sometimes and it runs about 500 bucks a month.


And I'm not okay with that. That's a different statement than opening the call with my husband is an addict. Agree. That's what I mean by language differences. Okay. Because I kind of think your husband smokes some pot sometimes and I think he drinks sometimes and it runs five to 700 bucks a month. And he makes $150,000 a year. He can actually afford it. Afford it. It's not really killing your household unless his behavior becomes erratic and he loses his freaking job because he's, you know, so freaking mellow from smoking dope all the time. Okay. On The spectrum, from what Dave said, where is he, where does he lie on that spectrum, kid? I mean, If you, if you wanna call him an addict, I'm okay with that, but you're gonna have to act like it then.


For your sake and the kid's sake. You don't leave children in the home with an addict For years. Yeah, It's unhealthy. Yeah, I I get it. I get it. So, which, you know, you got, you're gonna have to re you're gonna either gonna have to reclassify this in your mind, or, or you're gonna have to take some more severe action than you have been willing to take so far. So, because you're not, if if okay, if he drinks a six pack of beer or whatever, I don't know what, whatever this equates to, I don't even know what it amounts to. But anyway, the, the, and it's not affecting, he's not drunk and it's not affecting his work life.


But you don't like it. That's different than an addict. Yeah. That's the question I have is this, is this just like Dave said, is it a budgetary thing? Is it a thing that you think, Hey, you shouldn't be spending money on this. There's better things we could be spending money on. He said It Is behavior. What do you mean by that? Yeah, I, I guess I didn't wanna go into everything but Yeah. Well, we're here Now. Okay. I, I'm, I'm happy to divulge, but Okay. Was just trying to keep it to the point and Well, the problem we wanna be able to support the problem is the, the, here's the issue. Okay. The problem in the household was presented as you have, there's an addiction in the household and I can't tell you what to do with the car loan until we address the problem.


Okay? Because the problem is, you, you're right, but you're, you're trying to say, oh, well not paying off the car, keeping some savings back is gonna make this living with an addict. Okay? It doesn't. No. And paying off the car and working our plan, doing the right smart things with it, getting yourself outta debt using 156,000 to be debt free, living on a budget where you're not worried about food and that kind of stuff. 'cause you mentioned food and, and you shouldn't have a shortage of food in $156,000 household. Even if there's a $700 addiction problem, it's still, the math doesn't keep you from eating, right? Well, it does. No, It doesn't. What are the other factors? Not mathematically, it does not Tell us what we're missing, Megan.


Okay, well, so just this past month he spent $700 on his addiction. Okay? Our mortgage is 3,400. Your car payment is 600, Car payment is 600. What's Your take home pay every month? Just so I know, I'm doing this math with you After all, after bills after everything. No, No. What's the paycheck? No, no. What is his check? What check hits the bank? The check is 3 93. 3,900 twice A month. Yep. Okay. Yep. You got way too much coming outta this check.


Yes sir. You must be putting money in 401k. Yeah, I know he's contributing to 4 0 1 KI am not sure what that is. Yeah. Okay. You guys got serious other issues, hun? Y'all need to sit down with a good marriage counselor and you need to come to a conclusion that this is not an addiction. It is a use and, or It is an addiction. And the marriage needs to come to an end and the children need to be moved out of a house of an addict. It's not safe for them. But when you, when you're making $8,000 a month, take home pay and you have a 3000 house payment, you are not out of food because he spent 2, 7 50 bucks. Now you are gonna be out of food if he loses his job.


'cause he stays drunk all the time. That, that, you know, so I can't tell what the flip's going on here. Let's get real folks.


Healthy eating sounds good until your day gets really busy and suddenly you're gulping down your third frozen pizza of the week. That's why I love Field of Greens. It's a superfood powder. It gets me real fruits and veggies selected by doctors to help my heart, lungs, metabolism, and so much more. I mix it with water, shake it up, and boom, I'm fueling my body without slowing down my day. And here's the truth, I expected it to taste like dish soap, but it tastes great. Really great plus Field of Greens promises that your doctor will notice your improved health or you get your money back. Go to Field of Greens dot com slash Ramsey for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash Ramsey and save 20% on your first order.


Jade Washau Ramsey Personality is my co-host. Caleb is in London. Hi Caleb. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, thanks for having me. Really appreciate it. Sure. How can we help? My father has got terminal cancer. He is got about a year to live and he's decided to give me and my brother some money before he dies for me to buy a house and my brother to pay off his house. So he wants to give each of us $340,000. And my question is, should I try and get kind of the best house for the money I can get? Or should I try and just get the cheapest thing as if you know what I mean? The cheapest house straight out the gate.


What else? What's the other picture of your financial situation? Are you out of debt? Is it time for you to buy a house? Okay, So I've just started the baby steps. I'll have completed, I'll have my emergency $1,000 by the end of this month. Good. And then I have, then I have $1,600 of credit card debt, but nothing else. Oh. And I rent at the moment. I rent at the moment. So What does $340,000 get you in your area? Is that an apartment? Is that okay? So, so the, the low range of houses in my area is $600,000, but I could probably borrow up to $850,000. Now, my kind of gut instinct is to me and my girlfriend are very simple people.


We don't, when we think of what we'd need in a house, we just want three bedrooms. We don't really care about too much else. So I'm kind of, you know, we don't have children and we're not planning to have children. So it's not like I foresee us having to move, you know, another couple of times in our life. So that's why I'm kind of thinking, should I kind of get something that we'll be happy with for the long term or do we just try and get something very basic to start with? I don't know. I would start with what you can afford. And if you have three 40, I like the idea of putting more than half down on something that's maybe in the $600,000 range because then you're doing what we teach and above and beyond, which is gonna put you in a really great situation. Because the truth is you don't know Caleb, what's gonna happen on down the line.


Maybe you will get married, maybe you will have a family and maybe you will wanna move up in house. And if that does happen, maybe five to seven years from now, you'll have gained equity and you'll be able to transition out of that house into something more and maybe pay cash for it. Because at that point you'll have no payments. Maybe this current house will be paid off. So it does set you up in a, in a really great way. If you were in America, I would tell you that your assumptions are BS because the number of times that people stay in a home longer than six years or seven years in America is almost none. The average house rolls every six years here. And so when someone in America tells me this is my forever home, I call bs, it's never true.


It is your only forever home's heaven. And so, Um-huh. You're, you're not gonna be there forever. That's just a bull. And so I don't, but I don't know the differences in the UK and in London, whether that might be, you might be there a long time. I don't know that that would be a cultural difference is what I'm saying. And I, that I could, that It is possible. I'm not familiar with, but I'm with Jade. I I think you get into something that, you know, you can afford your dad's, it's, it's, it's one of his last wishes that you have a home. It all needs to be in your name. Since you're not married again, I don't know UK law, but in the states you don't put girlfriends on houses.


Okay. Well we, we That not when daddy gives me the money. Mm. We do plan to get married. I mean, I Well That would be after you get married that her name could be on the house then. 'cause again, I, I'm, I'm going off of US law and I can't, I don't know what divorce law looks like there and all that kind of stuff, but in the states it's suicidal to put your girlfriend on your house or your car, you're asking for trouble. There was, There was one other related question I had to this and that was whether I, I had the idea, It looks like you fell off, but Yeah, I saw the other part of the question. It looked like you wanted to possibly invest the money Instead. No, I would, I would put it in the house. I I would buy the, 'cause this is what her, his dad, it's his dad's money.


That's what he asked. Yeah. His dad's giving it to him. It's his last wish in his last year of life. Buy a house. Yeah. That's not, no, I'm not gonna do something else with it. Yeah. And, and, and I think you're right. I think you buy a conservative property in his case that sounds like it's six five or 600,000 Yeah. With 300 down. And then go ahead and get it paid off and put it in your name. And that isn't going in, in step with the baby. Steps three B is when you would save up the down payment for a house. And this case that was gifted to him. So we Didn't, we didn't change anything for that call. Yeah. Yeah. Very good. Good point. Dan's in Philadelphia. Hi Dan, how are you? Hey Dave, how are you? Better than I deserve. How can I help? Alright. Right. I had a quick question. I have about $130,000 in crypto.


I'm sorry, Can you hear me? Yeah, I'm sorry. Oh, sorry. I have about $130,000 in crypto. No, But he's sorry that you have the money invested in crypto. Oh, okay. So it Was a joke, but not really. Wow. Oh, okay. I've made out pretty well on the investment. And after newly listening to your show and hearing what you have to say about cryptocurrency, I'm starting to get a little scared with it. Yeah. So also at this time I'm looking to buy a house. I was wondering, do I, when I Go to sell that cryptocurrency, do I put a large majority of it towards the house or would I sell it and keep some kind of like, and have a large nest egg?


Good for you. Okay. The only, the only thing I wanna change in the conversation is I wanna change the word invest because you don't invest into commodities that are new and don't have a history. You speculate. So you're, you're a crypto speculator and there's people that have made money speculating in crypto, but it's a short term play. It's not a long term play and it's very volatile. And so, yes, I would a lot rather, based on all the data we have on wealth building, the number of people that bought homes that became wealthy far surpasses the number of people that became wealthy in crypto. Okay. So if I were you, I would take the money out and put it into something much more predictable, much more stable, which would be a good home purchase.


And yes, I'd put it all in the house because I'm gonna, we're gonna lead you and if you've been around this for more than five minutes, you know we're gonna lead you outta debt. Yes. 'cause then you get control of your most powerful wealth building tool, which is your income. And it's not crypto. Your income is your most powerful wealth building tool. And you go use that to become very wealthy once you get the house paid off. Yeah. And you get the house paid off faster by putting the whole thing down. Now you make sure you're debt free. Yep. Emergency fund. And you have an emergency fund of three to six months of expenses. And then we put everything on everything else we have above that on the house as big a possible down payment as you can. So the last two calls bring up the exact same point.


And that is, wealthy people do not see mortgages as forever. Middle class and poor people see mortgages as forever. Wealthy people ask how much poor people ask how much down how much a month? How much a month? That's a big one. And so if you're going to, if you're going to get your mortgage or your house based on how much down, how much a month you're thinking like poor people. You're thinking, I want to be a slave to the bank the rest of my life. Wealthy people, if they take out a mortgage, detest it, hate it, fight to get it paid off. And then when they do, they yell, I'm debt free.


Okay. Then this is the path of the wealthy. Not just Ramsey people, but when we study millionaires, this is what they do. And millionaires have a, a mindset that is long term and It is very freedom oriented. That's right. Free from control by other people. One of the reasons people build wealth is it gives you margin. It gives you distance between other people telling you what to do. If you have a million dollars in a mutual fund and you have zero debt and your boss walks in and starts cussing you, you can just walk off. Where are you going? I don't have any payments. I'm not putting up with you. Bye.


Right. But if your boss starts cussing at you and you have, you know, payments coming out your ears and a student loan that's been around so long, you think it's a pet, right? Then you'd be stuck in a toxic job. 'cause you gotta eat and stuff. But you put yourself in that corner, you painted and painted and painted and painted, and now you're standing in the corner and you're gonna get paint on your shoes. That's it. And so that, that's, this is the thing. So the both of those calls, you know, should I invest it instead of putting it all down on the house? Both of them said that three 40 from dad, one 30 from crypto. Should I invest some of it or put it all on the house? The answer is put it, put it all on the house first and write in the four column of the check.


Freedom. That's right. This is an investment to freedom. 'cause freedom is where wealth comes from. It doesn't come from stepping up to the bank and kissing their butt. And poor poor people kiss bank's butts the, their whole lives and it's, the borrower is slave to the freaking lender. Period.


Lemme tell you something. Most home security systems don't work until after someone breaks in. That's like putting your seatbelt on after the wreck. It's too late. And that's why I recommend SimpliSafe, their active guard Outdoor protection helps stop break-ins before they happen. Their AI powered cameras work together with live SimpliSafe agents to monitor your property in real time. So if someone's creeping around your house, those agents can talk to them, trigger the spotlight, and even call the police right then and there. It's proactive protection, not just a dressed up burglar alarm plans start at around a dollar a day. There are no contracts and no hidden fees. And they offer a 60 day money back guarantee. So see why over 4 million Americans trust SimpliSafe. See why Newsweek and USA today both ranked SimpliSafe number one in customer service. NY cnet named it the best home security system of 2025 Plus, right now you can get 50% off a new SimpliSafe system with 24 7 professional monitoring at SimpliSafe direct.com. That's 50% off at SimpliSafe direct.com. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Mike is in Pittsburgh. Hey Mike, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, how you doing? Better than I deserve. What's up? All Right, so I'm 36 or about to be, and I wanna propose to my girlfriend, but we disagree on finances, we agree on everything else. But the problem is I wanna combine fi finances. She has a rental property and I have a house. I just sold a piece of land that I'm gonna walk away with 180,000. I wanna pay off my house. I have a budget, made a budget, it's paid off in about four years and I wanna rent it out and then buy a bigger house with her. And you know, I talked to her about, you know, paying off my house quickly and then throwing a bunch of money at her rental and pay that off faster.


So we have, you know, more cash flow coming in from the two houses. Well she wants, you know, she said if we do get married, she wants to sign a prenup, which, you know, I don't agree with and I see no reason for it because you know, Your asset base is fairly similar. Right. And so You're not, you're not ready to propose. Is her family Healthy? Yeah. She still hesitant. No, she, no. Okay. My family's got her beat on that half. So, Hey Mike, how long y'all been dating? About eight months. Okay. Alright. You've got some more work to do on this relationship before it becomes a marriage. And here's why. Right. You called NASCAR opinion.


So I'll give you my opinion. I'm gonna treat you like you're my kid 'cause my kids are your age. Okay. And, and I, the number one cause of divorce in North America is disagreement over money. Money fights, money problems. Okay? And you are sitting square in the middle of it. And here's the problem. Jesus said, your treasure's where your heart is, people spend their money on what they value. And Dr. John Delony says behavior is a language. And so when she says, I don't like your plan, I don't like it so much that I want my stuff to be separated in a prenup.


What she's saying is, I don't agree with how you're spending your money and our value systems are not aligned. You value different things. And if you wanna go super extreme, she likes her rental property more than she likes you. All Right. That's that's super extreme. I think she's a That's super. I think she's kinda short. Yeah. I think she's sort of shortsighted in her views because Yep. You know, she, all she has is her savings, which is 160 grand. She says This is, this is not a dollar amount thing. This is a power struggle and we're not aligned on our values. 'cause you spend your money on what you value and you value different things than she values.


This makes for a very long and uncomfortable life if you stay married and you probably won't statistically. So you guys have got to continue to have this discussion until we can come to some kind of mediated agreement on what we're going to do with our lives and that we like each other, we love each other more than this stuff. Yeah. Because the, the response to conflict can't be, well then I'm just gonna take my stuff over here. I'm gonna take my toys and go home. The response is, let's enter into it and figure out where we both stand and how we can do this together. So that's, to me, that's a red flag. It's no, it's, it's a, yeah. It's a, it's a, it's a no go forward flag.


It's not just a red flag. It's, And I think a lot of Don't go forward until you solve this. I'm not saying you have to break up with her, but I please do not get engaged and get married because you're statistically you have almost no chance. Right. I think a lot of it comes from her mother, you know, her mom's always raised her. Once you have kids, your life is over, even though she wants to have kids. And then her mom's, you know, she kind of has the outlook of you need to have, like her mom, you need to have money to run away if something goes bad. Yeah. You, Yeah, that's it. There we go. So we're already planning our, we're already planning our exit And we hadn't even gotten to the altar. Yeah. And she said she goes to therapy to work on all that. 'cause she doesn't agree with her mom and she doesn't like that outlook. But I think, you know, we always say the apple never never fall far Fall.


It hasn't. It hasn't yet. It can Roll away over time. It it can, it can. But it hasn't yet. But so, so because she's functioning in exactly the same fears, this as soon as you bumped into, we're gonna be closely and completely knit together with these d with the restructuring of this situation after we get married, the thing you proposed was very interwoven. It violated this, keep things separate so I can bolt thing and she retreated to a prenup. And all of that is, it's not an issue of the prenup, it's not an issue of the real estate. It's an issue of how the relationship's going. And it says you're not aligned. There are four things that if you're aligned on them, statistically you will have a 90% probability of your marriage lasting money in-laws.


Oh wait, mothers involved. Okay. Children. Oh wait, we're already talking about that. And possibly disagreed. Okay. Yeah. And oh wait, religion, that's the only one of the four. We hadn't got to. And you've got to get some alignment on those things. So you guys have some work to do on the relationship. I would suggest some good pre-marriage counseling and see if you can begin to not only discuss where these fears and values come from, but which of them we're going to keep and which ones we're going to take forward into the, into the marriage. It could be that you're a little uptight and spreadsheet dude, nerd dude. And you need to loosen up on that. That might be, I didn't hear that, but it could be if you were gonna fall on one side or the other, that's the side you would fall on.


Yeah. Based, based on talking to Yeah, it sounded like that. But, but it didn't sound toxic, but I think you scared her. Well I think what it sounded to me like what she was dealing with was fear based and it wouldn't have mattered who the guy was. Oh. That's why that that idea of getting The proposal of the interwoven freaked her out. Freaked her out. Yeah. And, and, and so it, and so it's not the, it's not a discussion of the validity of prenups. It's a discussion of the proper way to do marriage relationships for statistical probability of success. Right. That's right. That's Right. I mean, that sounds like no romantic at all, but there you go. So because you know, I got, you know, 43 years you I'm in you, you want the statistical probability of success.


It, it's really, really good. Yeah, I agree. You wanna be where I am. It's sweet. I got eight grand babies. I got th three wonderful people have married my children that I love dearly. Yeah. I actually like them all. That's so weird. You know how weird that is. That is weird. That means I raised children to pick. Well, okay. And, and so the whole family actually got together Sunday night. We had a blast. Oh yeah, I Saw some of the videos. Yeah, Yeah. Dunking them. Yeah. The whole bit. So the, I mean, but I mean that's, that doesn't, that's not an accidental thing. Well let me ask you this, 'cause the, I don't wanna put a broad blanket over it, but I kind of feel this way. Don't you feel like when you're dating, like when you're in that phase between dating about to get engaged, don't you think it should be easy?


It's been so long. I forgot. Like I just feel, I'm like, man to have these level of disagreements and fights like that always 36 just feels like that's true. They a little Older. I was 22. Yeah. I was 22 years old when You got married when I was 22. That's true. I don't have anything to put that on. He's been single a long time. Yeah. Standards Are higher. You got two, you got two older singles. They have, they're more entrenched. That's true. That is very true. When you're 22, it's like, yeah, whatever, you know. Right. But, or at least it was for me. Yeah. And For me too, now that I think back, I'm like, okay. That's why I said I don't wanna make it a broad statement, but It's very important to be aligned on those four things. And if you combine that with a six month or so engagement period minimum.


Yeah. Maximum of a year or year and a half. And you combine that with pre-marriage counseling, those six things combined will put you in the 90 percentile that you'll still be married 25 years later. Yeah. I, I believe it. And so I'm living it. Pre-marriage counseling aligned on those four things and a reasonable length of engagement. Yeah. Not too long, not too short. And the, the data, that's all from research folks. That's the studying the actual divorce stats. 50% of the marriage is end in divorce. Yeah. That includes all these people that should not have gotten married in the first place because they didn't do any of those things I just talked about. Right. And if they did them, they would've run away. That's right. Yeah. Run away. Like Jeff Foxworthy said, when we had, when I was a kid, we had a cat and it tore up mama's curtains and the next day that cat ran away.


Oh. Oh yeah. So you run away, you Go to the farm, you Go to the train station. Yeah. It's right. You run away. Run. That's pretty run. So I don't think that's where the stage that he's at. I don't think Mike's at that stage. No. He's got a lot of, but he is at the, as the teenagers used to say the define the relationship stage. Yeah. They got a lot of thinking and decisions to make the hard ones TTR right now. And you're gonna have to sit down probably with a good pre-marriage counselor and help you work through that. She's probably a keeper, but not yet.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And Oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse. They've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me Too. I mean, terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here and you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options and term take care of your dadgum family. Man. Term Life insurance can replace income, pay off dads cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's Exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying I love you to your family term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xandr Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and you make too money to be this, too much money to be this broke. And you wonder where your money's going. Well the first step's getting a plan, It is called a budget. Our team is hosting free budget trainings this month to not only show you how to do a budget, but show you how to get outta debt and become wealthy and outrageously generous. You'll learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget using EveryDollar. Plus you can get your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a spots our limited sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Justin is in Madison, Wisconsin. Hey Justin. What's up? How are you sir? I am looking at building a new house for my family and I'm just worried about the mortgage on it and the monthly cost and what that will kind of look like for our family, considering we have a little bit of a unique situation. What's the unique situation? So I have twin boys, my wife and I that are turning five years old, but they both have semis severe disabilities And we are outgrowing our current house And we need a bigger house. But due to the things that need to be in this house, the size of it, et cetera, It is not gonna be a small house and it, you know, won't be necessarily cheap.


And I think that the monthly payment will be about half of our take home pay. What is the nature of their severe disabilities? So they were both born, well they're twins, obviously they're both born at the same time. They were born three months premature. One having a significant brain bleed, which has caused fairly severe cognitive and physical delayment. And then the other one has a condition called central core myopathy. Sorry. Yeah, He's on a ventilator and requires pretty much 24 7 constant care.


We have like some day nurses and night nurses that are able to help us out. But on the times they're not here, you know, one of us kind of has to be with him 24 7. So sleep in his room with him, they both need to be picked up, you know, and carried wherever they needed to go. So their bathrooms are gonna need to be bigger. Bedrooms are gonna be, need to be bigger than standard size things like ceiling mounted hoyer lifts. We need a larger garage because the van, you know, has a fold out ramp, all sorts of that kind of stuff. And actually, I'm also paralyzed. So you're, You are paralyzed. Yes, sir.


Yes. I was paralyzed at the age of 12 and I work in actually the architecture field. I'm a designer and so I've designed the house and I'm, there's nothing fancy in it, no granite countertops, no hardwood floors. Trying to make this as affordable as possible. But with current construction prices and interest rates, it's looking like it'll be about half our take home pay. What, What does your wife do? She's a, she's a teacher. Okay. Okay. Justin, I can't imagine what y'all are facing. The, the, the just the day to day grind of care in your home is, it's overwhelming.


And so I I want nothing but good things for you my friend. And the last thing I want for you is a house payment that's 50% of your take home pay. It will add to your stress, not relieve it. Yeah. It'll be, it'll, it'll, it'll be, it, it'll be a, it's a deal breaker. You, you simply, you simply cannot do that. It's not good. Good for you. It's not good for your sons. While the picture you have in your mind of them being in a better situation for care is a hundred percent noble and valid. The you, you've undone all of the advantages of all that care by putting your family in, in a bankruptcy scenario.


And so you just cannot, you just cannot function when your house payment's 50% of your take home pay, it will not work. It's not sustainable. You can't eat everything that you do from this point forward. Any other things you do with your life will be new debt. And the debt piles up because you've destroyed what economists call disposable income. There's no room left in your budget for life. You become what we call house poor. And so yes sir. What we've got to do, and I don't know how to do it on the phone call, on the radio or on the podcast, but what we've got to do is we have to solve for a better living situation. That doesn't break for, doesn't break your family because you got two options right now and both of them suck.


Staying where you are in an untenable physical condition situation with all the things you guys are facing. And the other option is bankrupt your family and you don't get a pass on math because of tragedy. You don't get a pass on math because of unbelievable, heartbreaking challenges that you guys are facing. So I'm not diminishing those things at all. But the math will catch you and make your life worse. And I don't want that for you, my friend. So I mean, what you've gotta talk about is, okay, what, what elements of the square footage are we gonna do away with if we build to get the price down to where we can do it?


Or do we take some money and just start renovating where we are and create a more tenable situation there. Yeah. I was gonna is on the twins, can I be you? You've been very kind to give us all the information and that's very hard information. Can I ask a hard question? Yes, sir. Is the life expectancy on the twins long term For one of the boys? Yes. The brain bleed probably has no, you know, effect on his long term life.


He'll just need assistance and care throughout life. The my other son. That's why, that's why, that's why you couldn't get those words out when you were talking about him, right? Yes sir. Yeah. Okay. That's fair. I don't, I don't blame you. I can't breathe. I can't breathe and I just met you so I get it. Okay. Yeah. They, they don't know a ton about the condition. Yeah. And so it, yeah, it's hard to predict. Oh, I, I, and I, and I don't, I don't wanna be indelicate, but you also don't want to, oh gosh, I don't even know. I'm, I'm gonna say it just 'cause I'm supposed to. But you, you don't put the family, the entire family in jeopardy to build a room out where there's not good life expectancy and that's not fair to the rest of the family.


And that, that sounds very cold and like I don't care about the kid. That's not what I mean at all. But I'm just, I'm stepping back and you called for us to love you. Well, and I wanna be kind to you and tell you the truth. So I I think you, I think you do all you can for ev all your kids, every, all of us do that. We all love our kids And we, you know, everyone listening right now. His heart is broken and is praying for you guys right this second. And I want you to do something that has a good long-term plan for your family. So we gotta reset your plan to where it's not 50%. And I, I don't know what else to tell you. I do know we'll put one of our financial coaches over there to help you at our cost.


We'll pay for 'em and get them in your corner and see if they can give you a better answer than Jade and I were able to do here on the air. I mean, I, if he's designing this house, I wonder if there's a way he can design something that's a little less upfront, but provides the space over time to do the things They need. Say that, you know, the thing we designed would be the best for every single thing, but something's gotta give. Yeah. What, whats least, so let's start force ranking these features in the house and what features in the house. Can we cut back on that? Cut the, that cut the cost down. That's Right. That's right. And I did that, but for much less noble reasons when I built the last house. Yeah. And we grew it up And we went I don't think so.


So I think we're gonna not gonna do that and we're not gonna do that and we're not gonna do that. 'cause it got it got into the stupid zone, you know. Right. Which Is tough when everything seems like Yeah. A unnecessary item. Yeah. When this is all, but my and my stuff was more like little selfish little boy stuff stuff, fun stuff stuff. Not no bull dad taking care's kids stuff. That's right. What a, what a wonderful man. I know. Wow. I'm, you're a good dad, Justin. Yeah. You hang on And we will hook you up with one of our coaches and see if we can walk with you through this and see if we can be of service to you. And I, I, I hope I wasn't unkind to you. I didn't mean to be. Wow.


Switching banks can be a hassle and I totally get that. But when Winston and I opened up our Fairwinds account, we were shocked by how quick and easy it was. It just took a few minutes online, we didn't have to block off an entire afternoon or track down paperwork. And the next day we got a personal call from a Fairwinds specialist just checking in. I couldn't believe it when I answered my phone and I was talking to them. I was like, y'all are the nicest people. Now if you're working hard to save money, get outta debt and build a future, you should have a bank that supports that. Not fights it. That's why I recommend Fairwinds. They created the smart checking and savings bundle specifically for Ramsey fans. Plus they have a great app and you have access to over 33,000 fee free ATMs and more than 5,000 shared credit union branches across the country. So you can have access and withdraw your money just like you're used to, no matter where you live. Don't settle for a bank that slows down your progress. Make sure you choose one that helps build you up and helps you win with money. Visit Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey and open your smart bundle today. Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey Fairwinds Dot org slash Ramsey Fairwinds is federally insured by the NCUA


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau number one, bestselling author Ramsey Personality is my co-host today, Dylan is in Dayton, Ohio. Hi Dylan. How are you? Good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? I'm looking at switching careers and I'm just trying to make it make sense financially because I need to go up an income, but I cannot do that where I'm currently at. But I don't know how to get somewhere better without going down first, which I can't afford to do.


What are you doing now versus what you wanna do Right now? I am a pharmacy tech and I wanted to transition into the trades either like HVAC or electrician or something like that. What are you making? What are you making now? I'm making about 24 an hour. So there's some overtime opportunities and that's kind of how I'm getting by. So the, so an apprenticeship and HVAC doesn't pay 25 an hour. Everything I've looked around, I put in a couple applications and they're paying 17, 18 around me right now. You single?


No, I'm married. Hmm. What's your wife make? She's working part-time as a pharmacy tech right now. So she's bringing home maybe 1300 a month. How many kids? You got? One. And hopefully one more soon. Okay. Alright. Are you, are you saying you're hoping to add to your family or she's pregnant? We had a, a miscarriage recently. Okay. So someday. Okay. All Right. I'm sorry for that. So it Might be coming up Here. So, you know, I think the trick is how long are you at $17? Yeah, so I, I looked into like the electrician union close to me and they'd be paying 16 to start and that would be after four years, I'd get back to where I am now.


Okay. It feels like, doesn't sound like a good trade. No. Well, and then after that, you know, you'd be making 38. Yeah. So Yeah, It's just getting there, but it still doesn't sound like a good trade. Well, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I think I'm gonna keep looking. I, I, I think I, I love the idea of the trades, but, and you probably could actually get into something where you're making, what you're making now, starting out, if you keep poking at it. Okay. Now it might not be a union gig, it may be something else. Union gigs are pretty well set. They're gonna be what they is What caused you to choose Yeah. HVAC Or an electric or electrician. I love working with my hands and like do something physical. I never really intended on becoming a pharmacy tech. I just kind of ended up in it. That's a story.


But I, I'd much rather be, Well if you could find something where you, you know, 18, 20, or even what you're making now, if you find something you're making now, it's a no brainer. Go do it. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But every time you take a cut, then how long is the cut gonna be? It's a step back to take steps forward. How long is it in? Four years doesn't work for me. One year. One year. One year works for me. And you work weekends as a pharmacy tech to make up the difference. Do you have a, do you have an EveryDollar budget? Yeah, I gotta pull up right Now. Okay. So I'd play some games on that and find out what's, you know, figure out these numbers.


What's the lowest amount you can live off of? What does that look like when she's pregnant? Like run a couple of different scenarios based off of your life now, what you think it could become. What happens if she gets pregnant again and there's another child and you know, she's working part-time. Run a lot of those scenarios out so you guys can get a clear picture of what this will be and what it can look like in all those different scenarios. But the price you pay might not be a pay cut. It might be a a per hour cut, but an increase in hours. You might be working pharmacy tech and some, and you might be working your 40 hour on the new gig, 18 or 20 or 19 or whatever It is. But you make up a difference with some overtime at you keep, keep your part-time, keep the pharmacy tech job part-time and you put in 1300 and she puts in 1300 and then you make the other money and you end up making more.


But you're gonna be working all time and that's the price you pay to make this transition. And you have to have those non-negotiables set in stone before. That's before. That's Why four years. That's why. Yeah. That's why four years doesn't work. That's Why I'm saying you have to set in stone, Hey, no matter what, we're not going, when we're not using credit cards, we're not going into debt. There's no debt that's gonna be part of this transition. And you guys need to agree with that on the forefront. That's why I said run those scenarios so you don't find yourself in a situation where you think debt's the only option. Yeah. You don't back yourself into a corner. Yeah, exactly. That that's a good point. 'cause it'll get, it'll not go well, but It is it okay to sacrifice to win? 100%. Absolutely. But we have sacrificed a reasonable amount to win an unreasonable amount. Yeah. That's what we wanna do.


So Yeah, you, you know, if you wanna move towards the trades, the trades are a good place to be right now. Yeah. And the pay is really, really good and there's a lot of demand and I think I'd keep pushing around and keep checking. Again, just because the union thing doesn't work doesn't mean that there's not another way to doing this. Yeah. There's gonna be some sacrifice in this at some point. And you're gonna feel it deeply is my guess. My pastor used to say highly successful people are tend to be highly sacrificial people. Hmm. There's just a, a part that goes with it, so Yeah. No discipline seems pleasant at the time, but it yields the harvest of righteousness. Yeah, That's right. Exactly. All Right, Kula is with us in New York. Hey Kula. What's up?


Hi. Hello. Hi. Can we help? Yes, I, I definitely a big fan of your show. I did have a quick question. So me and my wife are expecting a baby in the next couple months to come be specific, but we are trying to be wise with our money and trying to be, just be better at, at our money, especially as this baby's coming. But we do have student loan And we do have around 25,000 saved up for, is it, the question that I have is should we just focus on that loan before this baby comes or start looking for housing with the baby on the way?


That's a good question. I mean, the order that I would do this, knowing that the baby is coming, I would start putting aside a lot of money, but I wouldn't pay it towards the, the debt or the student loans yet. I'd save it up and keep it aside until the baby gets here really nice and healthy and everything's good, everybody's home. And then that money, I would walk the baby steps with it, whatever you have saved plus the 25,000. Yeah, I'd knock that down to a thousand and baby step one. And then everything less left, I'd do baby step two, which is your debt snowball. How many student loans do you have? How much? Just Just one. That's the only debt we have. How much? And then to kind of back it's $51,000.


51 5, 1 61 6, 1. Okay. Yeah. So I'd make that the goal for the next nine months. Can we save up another 25,000 or more? And then when the baby comes, can we virtually knock out these student loans and then after that, yeah, we're saving up three to six months. Here's what I don't want, I don't want you to buy a house after this baby is born with a bunch of debt in no savings, no, three six. If You have to buy an extra bedroom for Sally Mae, you did it in the wrong order. Yeah. So we do. So I did save up for the baby and the mom for the last couple months. We have around 18,000 just for the baby and the mom until the whole thing kind of clears. And we do have an emergency fund of $25,000.


I wanna save up enough that when the baby comes and comes home, like Jade said, we write a check and the student loan's gone. We rebuild the emergency fund, then we save up a down payment for the house and that's the process that we use. Got it. Don't do not buy a house. It's wonderful having a baby come and it's wonderful that that's your wake up call and you're like, I gotta get my crap together. Good for you. You're gonna be a good dad now do it in the right order. Don't go buy a house with a student loan of 61,000 hanging around your neck. That's wrong order. You're gonna get yourself in a mess. Get the loans cleared, get the emergency fund in place and then buy the house.


Hey, this is Dr. John Delony for Churchill Mortgage. Good friends, I have bought multiple homes with Churchill Mortgage because they always shoot straight with me. They tell me the truth. So let me shoot straight with you when you're getting ready to buy a home, the first step is not house hunting. It's making a plan. Don't settle for tapping a button and just talking to a bot. I want to encourage you to sit down with a guide. You can trust my friends at Churchill Mortgage. They actually see you. They actually care about you and they'll listen and learn your goals and most importantly, they will tell you the truth. Churchill has loan experts who focus on you and your unique situation. So your journey ends with a home. That's a blessing, not a burden. Churchill Mortgage can even help you become a certified home buyer so that when the time is right and you find the right house, you are ready to make your move. I know the housing market is tough right now. I know, but you probably have more options than you think. Churchill would love to help you figure them out and they'll do it with honesty and integrity. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


You know, sometimes investing when you sit down with an investing professional, they sound like Charlie Brown's teacher. Are you old enough to remember that? Wah wah. Yeah. That's it. Your, your investing professional needs to speak in clearly discernible English so that you know what they're saying. They're there to teach you, not to impress you. You're supposed to know as an no, understand your investments before you do them. And if you're a complete beginner or you're looking for next level strategies, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash investing or click the link in the description And we will help you with the whole process.


John is in Atlanta. Hi John. How are you? How you guys doing? Better than we deserve. What's up? Yeah, so I was just looking for advice, what my next move should be. I'm really what's considered bankruptcy right now. I'm, I'm going through a divorce. Well, my ex-wife, she also filed for bankruptcy forcing, you know, she forced me into to consider bankruptcy because of a co-sign on the car that's being pushed onto me. Then I had my car that fell behind. Then on top of that we had, on top of that we had also our son together and then I lost my job.


So I really don't know what my next move is. I do own a business, but it's a cleaning business. And yeah, that's pretty much everything. But I did have my student loans forgiven though, does the cleaning, Wait, wait minute. You had your student loans forgiven? Yes sir. Why The school? Oh, the school was, the school was a sham. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All Right. Does The cleaning business generate like a living income? What's it generate? Well, my expenses luckily are very low for right now. That wasn't what she asked, but she asked if you're making any money.


I'm, I'm making money weekly for me to Be able to make What kind of money are you making with the cleaning business, honey? Probably around 500. On average. It can range from 500 a week to a thousand a week. Okay. Okay. All Right. Good. Can you ramp that up or do you need to get a job? Definitely. I can, I want to ramp that up. That's mainly what I want to go towards, because I don't know if I wanna work for anybody else anymore. Okay. So if you get the, if you get this tuned way up, could you get it to a couple grand a week? Yeah, definitely. Okay. And how long would it take you to do that? Four or five months. Six months. Well, definitely trying to figure out the blueprint to that.


What, but Is it you need more people helping you or you just need more clients? Yes. Yeah. More both, probably. Okay. All Right. Well, here, here's the thing. You're not bankrupt. Everything in your life got ran over by a train. Yes. You lost your job, you lost your wife debt is piled up on top of you. I mean, you just got the snot beat out of you, man. You're not bankrupt. Yeah. You, you just, you're just bruised and battered. You've been in a car wreck, kind of. You follow me? Yes, sir. And you, you wouldn't, you'd be a weird human if you weren't moving slow right now, if you weren't sore, if you weren't scared, if you weren't paranoid looking over your shoulder.


That's the way we all feel when we're in a situation like that. And so, but the, the fix to the whole thing is to create a sustainable life that you can project out over 10 years and then we can figure out what to do with the debts. But that means we've got to get a steady income. So either you go pick up a job and you continue to grow this business, or you grow this business very quickly. Okay? Okay. So, because I, in other words, if you start making $5,000 a month from some source, we have a completely different discussion than we have today. Agreed. Agreed. Okay. Now then let's go ahead and move forward and say, let's pretend you did that.


'cause I think you're capable of it. Once you get past your broken heart and your normal, the normal things that people, the anger and everything else that we face when we've been through all these things. So you said there was a car co cosign, cosign, and there was a car repossession. Yeah. So the cosign car was my ex ex-wife's, which she filed bankruptcy. And which automatically going to push that onto me. Wait a minute. This this current divorce or the divorce before This current. Okay. This, this current. Okay. All Right. So, so how much is that dad on that car? 36,000. Okay. Did that car get repoed?


Yes. Good. And what, okay. That's perfect. And then the other car, is it repoed? Yes. Good. And what was it? It was at 20 K. Okay. Perfect. Do you have any other debts? Well, we had eviction also. You Had what? An eviction. An eviction? Yeah. Have they sued you? So, yeah, that left a balance. Yeah. So that left a balance of 5,000 on top of that. Gotcha. Anything else? That's pretty much It. No other debt. Okay. Yeah. You're not Bankrupt.


You're not bankrupt, you're not bankrupt, you're broke. Okay. And you have a broken heart, but you're not bankrupt and you're angry. And all of those are normal human emotions for where you are, but you're not bankrupt. This is not hopeless. And let me walk you through why. Okay. Okay. Car re repossessions, they sell the car. And the difference, let's say they sell the 36 as an example for 20 on a repo lot. All Right? Then they're gonna come after you for the difference, which is 16. That's called the deficit balance. Okay? Okay. They will settle that for a quarter on the dollar in lump sum. Well, If I may add, I think most of the added money on top of that is interest.


That doesn't matter From them. Yeah. Okay. They're gonna come after you for something. And whatever they come after you for is the deficit balance on the loan. And they're, and they will settle that for a quarter on the dollar. So the $36,000 car, probably four or $5,000 will get rid of both of these car loans. And the, and the eviction's probably gonna take a hundred cents on the dollar. It's probably gonna take 5,000 bucks to get rid of it. Okay? But you could offer them three. Okay? So in other words, let's just pretend we cleared the two cars for five each, And we cleared the eviction for three. That means you have $13,000 in debt.


You're not bankrupt, Okay? You just need to go make some freaking money to be able to have a little, little war chest, a little stack of cash when these guys do call. And you go, okay, I don't have enough to pay you in full, but I can pay you $3,000 if you'll take that as settlement in full. 'cause I'm trying to not have to file bankruptcy. And they go, okay, I'll take that. Or No, but we'll take 3,500 and you go, okay, no payments. Lump sum. Hear me? Yes. Yes. So you, you stack some cash by making money by gearing this business up, getting a job or both, you stack some cash and somewhere around $15,000 will make you debt free.


If you negotiate settlements with all three of these situations, you are not bankrupt for 15 grand, dude. Is your son with you or with his mom. So we're doing split custody, but most of the time he's with Me. Okay? Because I was gonna say, if not, then this is you working day and night. Night And day. When he's not there, you're working. Okay? 'cause you need a stack of cash to get this crap outta your life. So let's fast forward one year from today. You're a hundred percent debt free. You have $15,000 cash in the bank as an emergency fund, and your income is $5,000 a month. And you've had a horrible year with a divorce in your rear view mirror.


And you thought you were bankrupt, but you weren't. And you made it out and you're a hero. That's, you're going your business owner, yep. Successful. Yes, yes, Yes. Feel better. Way better. Okay. And you call us back if you need some help, we're here. But I've walked, I've walked thousands and thousands of people through this. You are not bankrupt, Okay? You just need a stack of cash and you know where to get that work works. What makes money happen. Yes sir. Go, go get you some and get this mess cleaned up. Put this mess in your rear view mirror, and then get about the business of being a great dad and a great businessman. And we wanna talk about the time that you called here 10 years later.


And now you're a baby steps millionaire. That's right. That's right. That's the time I want to talk about, and believe me, I've been doing this for 30 years. I've seen it happen many, many times. 'cause this is more about hope than It is math. And the weird thing is, sometimes the math will actually give you hope. If you know how to run the numbers. This is The Ramsey Show.


Okay? You guys remember the four walls of a budget, food, utilities, shelter, and transportation. Right now I wanna focus on food because inflation is driving up the cost of groceries and we're all feeling it. But all these shoppers can save up to 36% on an average shopping trip, which adds up to be about $4,000 a year for a family of four, $4,000. ALDI has what you need at prices that won't bust your budget from bread and milk to organic produce, fresh meat and affordable must-haves. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at ALDI where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at ALDI, us. That's a ldi us.


Our question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi? Why Refi works with borrowers who have defaulted private student loans. Even when other lenders have said no. With a lower payment and a low fixed rate, you could have a clear path forward visit. Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY? That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in all states.


All Right. Today's question comes from Jackie in Massachusetts. She says, everywhere I go these days, there's a tipping screen now at the end of the purchase. For the average person who's not in baby step seven, when is it appropriate to leave a tip at coffee shops and restaurants versus not giving one? That's actually a really good question. I mean, I definitely feel like since COVID, since the pandemic tipping has kind of gone into the stratosphere, I think, and there's been some tipping fatigue out there. I definitely think whenever you're in a restaurant situation where you're sitting down, you're placing an order, there's somebody attending to your table, you should always tip. And I think that you should tip between 18 to 20%.


That's just me. I'm a 22% tipper. That's my, that's Jade's personal thing. But you need to at least be, I think, 18 at those places. Now, there are, I think also anything that's really a close, close, I'm gonna call it a closely felt service, right? So somebody who's cutting your hair, someone who's doing your nails, they're like involved in your bodily person while they're doing a service. I think that those people also should be tipped. Again, 15% is a great place to start on that. Things that I don't tip for or, you know, sometimes it's like, it just depends on if it's really great would be, I don't know, like a barista service, something like that.


It's like, I got my coffee. If it was really good and I know the person and it's like always the same guy or something, I, I might tip him a little bit. Grocery delivery, if it's raining out, always tip 'em. What about you, Dave? I'm just trying to think, what do you not tip for? I'm trying to think what I don't tip for. I'm a tipper though. I, I lean heavily Into tipping. For me, for me tipping falls in the bucket with generosity. Yeah. I think me too. And so I overdo it to the point that my wife cringes, Well, we have it on our budget as a line item. Yeah. She's like, you don't need to leave that match. It wasn't that good. And I'm like, yeah, well, they, they don't care if it's that good. And you know, here's the thing, the kitchen might have screwed up.


Not the poor waitress. That's right. No. Ne please don't take it out on the waitress. Yeah. So rarely. I mean, sometimes a waitress is, is an idiot too. That happens. But it does. But sometimes, but in my case, I don't really have AdChoices. 'cause they're gonna have a Dave RAMSEY story. It might as well be a good one. That's True. You're a a known fellow. Fellow. I'm a known, I'm a known felon. So I have to fellow Fellow. Oh, that, that too. That too. And so I have to, I have to leave a tip even when I don't want to, but I want to. I like doing that. Yeah. But, but the times that I walk up to the counter and someone spins an iPad at me and I leave a tip is precisely zero. I I do not tip there ever. That is not a typical, well, if I know that personable Thing person's gonna be touching my food. There's A tip jar on the counter at the gas station, and I just walked in to pay for my gas.


No, no. I'm not tipping. You can flip that screen at me all you want. I'm not tipping. Yeah, no, you didn't do anything. And so, sorry, it's not anything Yeah. Like take out. But I over tip on everything else. Here's, here's one where people don't tip. And I think this is horrible. A hundred percent of the time I stay in a hotel, I, I pinch a 20 and I leave it in a standing on the end of the bed when I leave every day The main service. Yeah. Every day the maid gets tipped. And my wife is like, well, they didn't even do turn down service. Oh my God, would you quit with this Already? So you don't wait till the end. You do it at the end, end each day, day every day. I like that. Every day. And so, and you know what? I never have a problem with the room either.


Yeah, That's true. Yeah. Ever. And the one that drives me real crazy, I saw this happen the other day. This guy pulled up in a merc, It is like 130,000 Mercedes, and he's parking a car with a valet and he, it's raining and he gives this kid $5. Stop it. I don't like that. And I'm like, no, this is just dumb. You just gave him the keys to your $130,000 car Ferris Bueller. Man, he's gonna mess with The Seats. He's gonna change all the stations. You gave him $5. Yeah. Are you moron? I mean, come on. So I, I, there's c you know, I've, I've tipped valets $50. You better tip the valet. But you know what, that car's sitting right there when I come out too. They didn't even park it. It's just sitting there. They didn't even touch it. And so that, that's good.


I like that. So I that's good service goes with the it, the good tip. So yeah. And I, Listen, I used to work in food service and if I, if, and I, when I pull up with the valets, in some cases I almost always hit 'em on the front end. Yeah. And then another person brings the car back And get Them to, and so, no, sometimes I do, but sometimes I go, Hey, the other guy, I hit the other guy on the front end. He goes, oh, I heard about it. So, oh, okay. Yeah. They Usually share anyway at, they knew what was happening. So you want to do that. But that, that's a reputation thing and it's a generosity thing. But this thing of, you just poured some coffee at Starbucks and you spin the thing around. Face it in my, I don't in don't buy, I don't buy coffee at Starbucks. Oh. Why am I saying That? But I'm saying that type of Scenario, I, I haven't been in a Starbucks in 15 years, so what am I I saying?


But, but I mean, coffee shop, if I went into a coffee shop and they, they pour me a cup of coffee and they hand it across the counter, quick serve. No, Thank You. Not it, you know, I don't tip Chick-fil-A. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. No, it's not what I'm doing. I'm driving through. You're handing me the Jesus chicken out. Yeah. And I'm gone. I mean, that's what, No, I do feel like if you can't, like when you Go to actual restaurants, I feel like if you can't afford to leave a nice tip can't go. If you, You can afford tip, you shouldn't Go. You can't go. Yeah. No, that's for sure. 'cause those people are working for tips. They're, they're Working hard. Yeah. And they, they, a lot of 'em aren't being paid well unless they're tipped. And so, and Have a nice demeanor towards him too. 'cause listen, back in the day when I worked at Applebee's, I don't wanna tell you some of the things I saw back there. No. Lemme tell you.


When people were act, when, when tables were acting up, Payback's hell on that. Yeah. Oh Man. You don't wanna know. But the, you don't wanna know what happened to your food before it came out. But the, I never did anything. I would never do something like that. No, I don't think you would. I never would. Well, it, it would be against your religion to mess up food. I, because you like food. I love food. I love people. Even if somebody's wilding out, I still would not do some of the things that I've no witnessed. No, But I'll tell you the other, you know, what we used to do? 'cause one of the things we now, everybody door dashes and Yeah. Whatever, to get outta death. That's their get outta That's right. Side hustles. But it used to be that we all just go, Hey, go deliver pizzas. And so we had a thing for a long time on this show, And we could start it again right now that says, okay, if DoorDash or if Domino's or Marco's or Pizza Hutter or whoever shows up at your door with a pizza and you say, how are you doing?


And they say, better than I deserve. Oh, that's great. That's code for I'm working this job to get outta debt. You gotta double their tip. I Love that. I tip you Gotta double their Tip. I Love that. And so, 'cause they're trying to get outta debt and you're now helping them. They're out here hustling. They're bringing you food in the rain while you're sitting on your butt. So double their tip man. And give it to 'em in cash. Like if I can catch the door Dash person, like over the holidays, you know, you're ordering food and people are hanging, hanging out. I always do cash if you can catch 'em at the door and give them cash. That's, I always do cash. Yeah, I do. I do. I always do cash. Yeah. Because If, if somebody's working Christmas Eve on that kind of thing, you know, valets that kind. Now if I'm in a fine dining restaurant, I'm gonna pay it part of the bill. Yeah, for sure. For sure. With debit, with the debit card.


And they always make fun of me. Is this a debit card? Yeah. Well, is this your tip? Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, we'll see, we'll see how this works. But yeah. Anyway. Yeah, absolutely. You, this is, it's a kindness. It's an exchange. But this spin the iPad around is not an exchange. Yeah. And I got zero obligations if I'm, I picked up some queso at the Mexican restaurant to Go to take to Rachel's house for Father's Day Sunday night. And I did not tip them. They had the little queso at the door. Yeah, yeah. I paid them at the queso. They did not serve my table. You drove. Yeah. You drove And got it. I drove, I walked in in the ring, got the queso, got in the truck, went to Rachel's house. Yeah. No, we don't tip that. No, I don't tip that.


No. Now if they bring it, there's one restaurant I Go to where they'll bring it out to the car to your door. And I'm like, I do tip that one. 'cause I'm like, you packed it up and you brought it out to me. I did drive that one. I'll tip that one's up to your discretion. Yeah. You can hit in the middle there. But I, this thing of, it's kinda like it's a manipulative Well you have to, to the, the spinning of the iPad is a manipulation. Well then they stand there and stare at You. I don't, It is. The other one is, do you want to give to the Wounded Wounded Pet Association or something? Do your change up, add a dollar For your Yeah. Add the change to Your groceries. No, if I wanted to give to the Wounded Pet Association, I would've already given 'em money. Yeah. It's not, I'm not adding it to my grocery bill. And you get the credit for the charity. No.


So zero on those. Yeah. I don't big, I don't add, I don't add a dollar for the Blind Cat Society or whatever the heck It is that they put on there. It's just, they come up with some crap. Man. It's unbelievable. Or Blind Dog Society. I don't care. Whichever one you want don't matter me. But yeah, just No, we're not. No. Not even in 12 cents, Dave. I'm not that. That's not a tip though. That's a, that's a but it's a manipulation at at checkout. It is, It is. It's the same thing. It's still a manipulation at checkout and it's nickel and diamond you to death and No Thank you. And I don't feel guilty.


Kate's in Chicago. Hi Kate. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello. Hey, what's up? My question is, how do I start a business when friends and family owe me debt or owe me money? What's one got to do with another? How much money do they owe you? We've got one friend who owes us about, I wanna say close to two grand. And then I've got another friend that owe or family member that owes us close to four grand. And it has caused us to go into debt.


Why did that cause you to go into debt? 'cause at first we had the money and then we didn't. And my husband and I had a conversation about it and I told him I didn't want to loan these people money and he didn't wanna listen. So You don't have a friends and family problem. You have a husband problem. Yeah, that too. Yeah. So what's your philosophy on, on loaning money? We know your husband's, what's yours? We had made a vow to not loan anybody money after we had gotten out of debt the first time. And then when COVID hit and everybody was out of work, then all these people came to us and I didn't want to do it.


And he was like, well, it's just a little bit. And I'm going, yeah, but these people won't pay us back So you're okay And Got it. Well, they're not gonna pay you back, so you might as well forget all that. Right. And you need to stop doing it. But what's that got to do with going into business? Over the years, God has planted a seed in my life to start a business and I didn't understand what it was. And I've come to more realization of what he wants me to do. And the cost of purchasing the land to start this business.


What is the business is way more. It would be a camp slash school learning center for both Adults. Well, you don't children you thousand dollars problem. No. Okay. So these things are not related at all. No. Well, that's how you framed it. You said why can I, how can I not open? I can't open a business because I keep loaning friends and family money. And that's just not a true statement. You're not six, you don't have a $6,000 problem. You have a $300,000 problem. So let's tackle the first one first. The dead, the loaning of money. I, you and your husband need to sit down and decide. I would tell you, since you called in to stop loaning people money, period.


If you have the money to give, Give it to 'em. You Give it. And then there's no strings attached and Correct. And I would call both these people and just say, the debt is forgiven. Yeah. Forget it. Correct. You're not gonna get it back anyway. But no more lending And, and, and then as far as living your dream. So if God gave you the dream, if It is God, and I'm not saying it's not 'cause I'm, I'm living the, I'm living a God dream myself right now. He will give you the money And in some instructions, like to build the thing. Yeah. But if I've been currently praying about it and it has been to create the plan. Good. And I read your book, building a Business that you love.


Good. And that made me realize that I need to pause on this dream and pay off my debt first. Good. And that is the step that I'm currently working on. Good. We've completed baby step number one. We're in baby step number two. We've got about $20,000 in debt Great. That we need to pay off. Great. Let's get it cleared up. What's your household income today? With my income and my husband's combined. We are at a hundred K yearly. Excellent. So let's clean up the debt and then let's start saving towards the dream. And let's see how God provides. And I will tell you that he did. He is not going to provide a loan own.


Correct. Zero times in scripture. Zero times in scripture. Did God give people something to do and then put them in debt doing it? Never did the children of Israel get him down in the valley and the Hittites were getting ready to kill them. And so they did a bond issue. Never. Never. It never happened. So it's not in the Bible. So if you involve God in this discussion, so I'll just, I'll just jump, I'll just jump on the bandwagon with you. God will provide, God has provided at Ramsey Solutions over 35 years, what we needed when we needed it.


Not when we wanted it, but when we needed it. And we have paid cash from the prophets to grow the business. Little bit by little bit by little bit by little bit. And now it's a big deal. But all those 35 years of little bits all in cash, all added together. Profits. P-R-O-F-I-T-S. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We're talking biblical stuff. I don't want anybody to think woo woo Stuff. Isaiah was not involved. Yeah. No Cash from that profit. Yeah, exactly. No, no, no one, no one brought in a suitcase of money and said, God told us to give you this. No, didn't happen.


It was, we sold more books, we sold more financial peace university And we were able to pay cash for another studio. We were able to pay cash for this. And we continue to bless people, continue to serve and feed his lambs. That's right. And that is our call. And that is what we do. So yeah, it's just, you know, I I think the time I, I'm not doubting the call of what he's given you to do, honey, but I I am 100% sure he didn't ask you to do it today. 'cause he has not provided the money today. And so it's not today. That's right. And in the two do $2,000 or the $4,000 that's owed to you has absolutely nothing to do with the discussion at all. Except you got the opportunity to have us tell you, just forgive it and move on and quit doing it.


Oh, Drew's in Sacramento. Hey Drew. What's up? Hi. Thanks for having me. Sure. A little short on time. Go straight to your question. So I'm wondering if I should, I'm at a place where I have no debt except for my house, which I owe two 60 on. How old are you? And There's a family. I'm 39. Okay, Cool. Good for you. There's a Thank you. There's a family incentive. If I get it down to a hundred thousand, my father will pay the rest. That's Cool. And I, I have enough in my 401k to pay it off. Nope. I'm wondering. No. Okay. You're gonna get hit with your tax rate plus a 10% penalty. You're borrowing money at 30% interest.


Okay. You're gonna get killed financially to cash that money outta that 401k. What's your income? 140,000 annually. Good. Good. And I'm the sole, sole provider with four kids. Good for you. Okay. Well, I mean, I, I would just, I would say we're outta debt. We have our emergency fund, we're on a budget. We need to come up with $160,000 worth of debt reduction. So dad writes the other a hundred and you know, let's start working towards that. It's not gonna happen in one year. It might happen in four years and it would still be a wonderful story. That's a wonderful story. I like the idea too. That's a great incentive to Yeah.


Really, really good direction to go. I like it. So, but yeah, don't, don't borrow money at 30% interest or 40% interest to make that work. 'cause at 130,000, your tax rates 31%, 32%, and then you get a 10% penalty. So it's gonna be 40% interest that you're gonna be the equivalent of, I mean, you're gonna get hit with taxes and penalties of 40%. Dave, would I borrow money at 40% interest to pay off my house? No, you would not. And that's Probably not what the dad wanted. No. When he said I'd give you the a Hundred thousand. Well, if he wanted that. He didn't, he hasn't done good at math, but yeah, that's right. And he probably wouldn't have had a hundred k to give away. So there you go. But yeah. Yeah. I think it's a wonderful situation you're in.


You've done a really good job at 39 years old. And I would continue to plow through and I, I understand the temptation, but the math tells you not to do it. Yeah. Never cash out your 401k folks early except to avoid a bankruptcy or a foreclosure. Because otherwise you're effectively borrowing money at 35 or 40% interest to pay off your debts. And that never, never, never, never, never. Makes sense. Wow. Yeah. So stay away from that game. It's a bad game. It's one you will lose. So I want you out of debt. Jade wants you out of debt. Ramsey wants you out debt house and everything as fast as you can. We love that idea of freedom for you, but we don't wanna trade one form of stupid for another form of stupid, not a good trade point.


Good Point. Good point. This is The Ramsey Show Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions.


It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau, number one, bestselling author and Ramsey personality is my co-host today, Logan is in Tampa, Florida. Hey Logan. How are you? Hey Dave. Good. How Are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So my wife and I decided I in January to move into a camper. We bought a camper and decided to try to get outta debt, save some money.


We actually relocated down to the Tampa area for a job and you know, we're gonna work the debt snowball and all that good stuff. But what we really did was just started spending more money because we had some more money with our living expenses going down. And we found out last night that she's pregnant with our second baby. So we are trying to figure out what to do. Now we've got about $55,000 of debt. I make 75,000 a year. So we're just trying to see, should we sell the camper? Should we sell my wife's car?


What do you owe on your wife's car? I just kind of don't. I'm sorry. How much do you owe on her car? It's around 14,000. Okay. And what's your household income? 75,000 a year. Okay. I'm sorry. That was, and and that includes your wife working? She, she doesn't work. She stays home with our first child. Okay. What'd you spend on the camper? So we financed it and it's, we owe about 15 to I think 16,000 on it now. So, so your plan was to get outta debt by going $16,000 into debt. I know, I know.


Okay. It doesn't make any much sense, but No, it doesn't make any sense at all. All Right. So what will the camper sell for? We could probably get, I would imagine between 10 to 15 forward, I would Imagine. I hope so. So it's only been six months. Yeah. Okay. All Right. And, and so I'm sorry, you said you had 55 in debt? Yes, Sir. Okay. So 16 on a camper, 14 on her car. What's the rest of it? 22,000 of It is my wife's student loans and there's 3000 on the credit old credit card. Okay. Okay. All Right. So the way I answer questions here is, if I woke up in your shoes, knowing what I know today, what would I do?


Okay, now I've been married 43 years. We had three kids, I have eight grandkids. The chances that Sharon Ramsey at any point in our life, no matter how broke or how poor we were, was gonna live in a camper is Pretty close to zero. So the first thing I'm gonna do is put my wife and my pregnant wife and new baby into an apartment, a one bedroom apartment, and put the kids in the living room and I'm gonna sell the camper. And that clears half your Debt. And I'm gonna work 80 hours a week and we're gonna live on beans and rice and we're not going out to eat. If she's staying home with baby, she cooks and she cooks from scratch 'cause it's cheaper and better for you.


And we're not going on vacation. And you work 80 hours a week and you clean up this dad gum mess. You made what's and all this stuff about we're gonna gonna move into a camper. But we spent more money. All that's bull crap. That's all done. It's time for you guys to get your crap together. You got two babies and you're broke. What's the $14,000 car worth? Probably could get 11,000 for it. What Are you, what are you driving? So she uses that in my company. I have a vehicle, if we're not together, I'm driving my company vehicle. Okay. My company truck, just back and forth to Work. I gotcha. Okay, good. That's good news. That is good. Okay. Yeah. I, I think you can get it paid off, but I think you're just working all the time and you guys just gotta go.


Okay. It got real. A pregnancy test came back and this just got real, we've got to do this, this thing where we moved to Tampa, moved into a camper. Tampa's not bad, camper bad. We gotta undo that. We gotta get an apartment a little cheap, as cheap as you can get that's safe and your family's not getting, you know, some kind of crime ridden thing or something like that. But I mean, you get into something cheap, find a, find a garage apartment out back of some rich old lady's house and cut her grass for half the rent or something. And you guys just start like you were starting fresh 'cause you are starting fresh and let's clean this mess up fast. You can do that once you decide to do it. Like your life depends on it, but now your life depends on it.


And the life of these two babies depends on it. Agreed. Yes sir. Yeah, You can do this. How old are you? 26 Shouldn't 31. 31. Okay. Yeah. Well, So we shouldn't pause the, that snowball and save up for the the baby that's Coming. Well, I still want you to get out of the camper. Do you have any money saved anywhere whatsoever from this Oral? Not, not really. Just speak of No. Yeah. You gotta get, you gotta get rid of the camper and you gotta get into an apartment and to, for your family to have a good environment is what it amounts to. And you know, and, and so yeah, you just, you need to take care of this wife and kids right now.


And, and then yes, you can pile up cash if you want, but you need to pile up $55,000 in the next nine months minus the camper. So 45,000 or $40,000 so that the day the baby comes home, you write a check and you're debt free. So the end, the end of the story is one year from today you're a hundred percent debt free with $10,000 in the bank and starting to think about saving up towards the house. And you move with the intensity as though you were paying this money off on the debt today. Like Absolutely. Just because you're piling it up doesn't mean that you can kind of take a Break. And anything she can do to add some income to this situation is a good thing There. There's always something you can do Right now.


I mean, you got a baby and a baby on the way, but still, I mean, whatever you can do that's legal and moral, let's get after it. Time to get it, time to get it, make it happen here and yeah, this, this would, you know, what is it? Desperate times require desperate measures, Desperate times. Call for desperate measures And, and you know, this is kind of your back's against the wall here, man. Yeah. So you gotta come out fighting. Yeah. And you gotta get with it. And that, that's, that's, that's what we're doing here. This is very doable. Once you look in the mirror and say, dude, you're doing it. Yeah. And, and she says, I'm gonna get out today. Tough.


No, I think this is the time, like for her, if I'm her, I'm getting with a buddy or a family member and saying, can you watch the kids four hours a day so I can go do the side hustle something. And even if it's, even if the deal is, we do that until we can get outta the camper to get the down, you know, the first and last month's rent, whatever that deal is, I think she can contribute as well because she needs to like this. Yeah. And, but you gotta get six jobs a lot. I mean, y'all gotta go create, stack as much cash as you can, stack clear the camper, get into an apartment and, and lend less stack $40,000 worth of cash in the next nine months and they, and clear the 16,000 camper and you're there and this is doable. But you're, you know, you're not gonna see your pregnant wife much.


You're gonna be working all the time. Yeah. And you can ask Sharon RAMSEY, that's what happened at our house. Yeah. I worked all the time. 'cause we were broke and that's, you know, the only work is a surefire moneymaking scheme. It's, it's, Oh, we were B-R-O-K-E broke. It was no fun. I don't ever want to go back there. Oh god. No Thank you. But the good news is you can get out Logan. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, what's up Dr. John Delony here. The new dates have dropped for the Money and Marriage Getaway over a Valentine's Day weekend in 2026. This is your chance to hit pause on everything in your life and reconnect with your spouse over a long weekend in Nashville, Tennessee. Me and my friend Rachel Cruz will be digging into topics like sex, money, communication and more. This weekend is happening on February 12th through the 14th and early bird prices start at $749 per couple. But the prices will be going up soon. Get your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


So many of you out there are trying to share this Ramsey stuff with people. You wanna see 'em win, but you're, you don't know exactly how to unpack all this stuff. You hear out 'cause you're listening to the long form show. Thank you for that. We're making it even easier with e RAMSEY 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube. The Playlist is filled with the classic Ramsey clips, like with what are the baby steps, how to pay off debt with the debt snowball, how to build an emergency fund, how to agree with your spouse on spending, putting together a budget, all this kind of stuff. So the 1 0 1 Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist. Click the link at the top of the show notes to open Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube. You can text it, DM it, send it in a group chat. Just say, hey, think this might help guys, if you're listening on the radio, share it.


You've got the Playlist featured at the top of our YouTube channel. Jump in there. Who's one person that you could share this with? It's one share, one step. It could change everything for that person and all. Obviously all this is completely free. Dave is in Louisville. Hi Dave, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I don't really know how to handle credit card collectors while I continue to fight. What's turning into being a messy custody battle. So going on three years now and don't really see an end in sight.


I'm not really sure what to do. Are you putting the legal fee, the legal fees are going on the credit cards? Is that's what's happening? No, actually that was initially, but thankfully my attorneys actually offered to extend credit and she's done that for over a year now. And, and that's just been 'cause she believes in the case. And so I've racked up in addition to the credit cards, about 30,000 to my attorney and actually a little bit more to a different attorney who is involved in the case. And is is, is extending credit as well.


So So how much credit card Part of it? It's just under 40. Whew. What's your income? A hundred. Okay. All Right. So $70,000 plus or minus $80,000 makes you a hundred percent debt free? Yeah. Okay. And you make a hundred and it's just you Yeah. And then, you know, partial timeshare with the kids, but Correct. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Yeah. Have you stopped 401k? No, I haven't. You should. I still match. You should. I don't care if they match. You can't pay your bills.


What kind of work do you do? Finance. Okay. Yeah. So here's what I would do in this situation. The credit cards are at the bottom of the list of things to worry about. I'm not, I'm not worried about 'em today. Your credit's already trashed. You haven't paid 'em in some time, right? Correct. So no big deal. They can just sit there and whine. They just whine flop around. Eventually one of 'em gonna sue you, but right now I'm not worried about 'em. Just, and they just scream. You don't have to, you don't even have to answer the phone. You don't have to talk to 'em. Just, just let 'em sit there. So once we've kind of done that in our mind, then we've got primary, which is to not add any more debt to the attorney's fees.


And so we need to start building up some cash for the next bill. So it doesn't become extended credit because you make enough money. I mean, what, what do you, what's your rent? 1200. Yeah. So I And you don't have a car payment? Correct. Good. Okay. Can, can I ask a question about the case? I'm just curious, at any point could your financial standing have any weight on what happens with the case? Not that I know of, no. Okay. So they couldn't look at your financial situation and say, oh, he's un his home is unfit or something like that? No. Okay. No. All Right. Well, I mean, if I'm you, I I I'm gonna live on like nothing like 15 or $20,000.


Beans and rice, rice and beans. And I'm gonna work as much as I can possibly work. And I'm gonna squeeze EveryDollar out of this budget. I'm not spending money on anything at all. And first goal is to not add any more attorney debts. Second goal is pay down the attorneys and clear them. The, I mean, if you lived on 60,000, you would be attorney debt free in one year. Do you do any work outside of your 40 hours job? I, I did that for a little while. So there was a period where I got a second job and I was working literally seven days a week. Good. The problem I was having is it was affecting my relationship with my kids, which I only have part-time.


And because it's a custody case, I, my relationship with my kids is more important than paying down the debt. Right. And so I actually, I actually quit that second job 'cause I was missing all of my kids sporting meets on the weekends. 'cause I was working 20 hours on, on the weekends. So it, it was one of those where I, I just had to pick. And so I just trying to then hold and, and you know, I don't, I don't know, we don't want vacations. We're not doing that stuff and just Trying to Yep. But I mean, it's a hundred thousand dollars, so let's pay off these attorney's fees. Okay. Yeah. I think you can live on on 60 nothing. Yeah, nothing In Louisville.


Definitely single guy in a one bedroom apartment. Man. I mean, it definitely, you need to, you need to roll, get, get on an EveryDollar budget, make all of these dollars scream and let's clear these attorney's fees and then let's not add any more debt to attorney's fees. And then once we've done that, then we call the credit cards up and save up some money and start settling for them. Lump sum. But one thing about being in a situation like you're in, It is an emotional drain as well as a financial drain. And the financial stuff mounting up, mounting up, mounting up combined with the, you just get fatigued of dealing with lawyers and judges and idiot exes and all this.


There's just a fatigue factor for it. And it's harder to fight through that when, when the debt is mounting rather than the debt is being reduced. That's right. If you were sitting here and you, you know, a year from now and you've cleared all of the attorney debt and you're not adding any attorney debt and the only thing, you got the old credit cards and then a year later you've got no credit cards, you're in a different head space to fight. That's Right. That's right. I think there is a fatiguing quality to this. I'm thinking this is not the same thing at all, but I'm thinking about when we all went through the pandemic and there was a fatigue that set in and people started to ease up on good habits. Right? It's like, I deserve this and you did less of the things that you're supposed to do.


And I could see the same thing happening here where you're so tired. It is like, yeah, I'm gonna let go of that other job, or I'm so tired, you know what I do deserve to go out and, you know, let off some steam. That sort of feeling when really you wanna put your foot on the gas even more and stay Yeah. I'm gonna find a weekend job that head down Saturday night and Sunday night. Yeah. Because there's any kids sports on Saturday night and Sunday night. That's Right. So I'm gonna find a way around this. There's workarounds and there's only so much of this we can not do because we're a dad so that we can do the other stuff because we're a dad. You're a dad. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So I missed your baseball game, but you don't have to live with an abusive mother. Oh, there's a good trade. That's A great trade. I'll take that trade.


You know, and so, you know, whatever, that kind of stuff. So, you know, my kid, my kid's upset because my dad missed my baseball game. Well, guess what? All dads miss baseball games and I have eight grandkids and that means there's 17 sports on every weekend. And you know what? How many of 'em I make? Almost none. Yeah. And I'm not a bad grandpa. I mean, We've had, I've had this conversation many times on this show about the, what it really means when you say your family's the priority. And a lot of times the first thing we Go to is, and the way I make them the priority is time. That's the first kind of like bullet point under priority when really there's a lot of different ways that we show priority. And when it comes to family, a big part of that is, you know, providing financially and making sure there's stability and all those other things that are just as valid of bullet points.


And during any given season, we get to decide what's the number one bullet point underneath that heading of family as priority. Yeah. It's not always time. Yeah, That's true. So I mean, I, I don't know, but I, I'm gonna add, I'm gonna add income. I, I'm gonna pinch EveryDollar, I'm gonna stop all of investing temporarily. Well, this is a temporary battle. This battle's not gonna go on for 20 years. It's not. And so we're gonna fight it through and the better financial condition you're in, the better your head space is in. And the way you get there is sacrifice in hours and sacrifice in, you know, spending so that, so that you've got the money to attack this and clear these debts.


And that's the only thing I know how to tell you to do. And I, and it'll work too, by the way.


Does having more money and less stress sound nice, but feel impossible? Well, in my brand new book, breaking Free From Broke, I share my story of going from Broke to Millionaire and exactly how I did it. You'll learn about the money traps and cultural lies out there designed to keep you brainwashed and stressed out from credit card schemes to mortgage myths, to investing traps. So if you're not where you wanna be financially, I can help you finally get ahead. You can get breaking free from Broke today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Brocks in Indianapolis. Hey Brock, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, how are you? Thanks for taking my call today. I appreciate that. Sure. What's up? Let me get to it. Yeah, so my father passed away in February this past year. I'm sorry, How old? How old was he? Yeah, he was 82. Wasn't unexpected. He was pretty sick overall. So with that he didn't have a lot of investments per se. Right. So, but what he did have is he did have a house and so my sister and I were both trustees of the estate and so we are now working on redoing the house, et cetera, et cetera, getting ready to sell it. Right. Okay.


Alright. We think, we think we're probably going to get, I don't know, 180 grand maybe each out of the house. Okay. And so my question is, we met with our financial counselor actually last week. Funny story. Met with him last week And we were talking to him about do we take that money and put it on the house and pay off the house? Well, not all of it. We probably still owe 80,000 on the house or so, or do we go ahead and invest that 180 grand and thinking about the time value of money and so forth and what we could do with it. I'm just not really, my thought on It is I want to have peace in my life.


Yes. And so I don't know whether or not, because if we pay out, it's Actually, it's actually the shortest direction to have peace and the shortest direction to have wealth are the same answer and let's pay off the house. Right. Right. And here's how I know that it's not just an opinion. Okay. And, and Jade was there. We, we did the largest study on millionaires ever done in North America. We studied 10,167 of them, 89% of them, nine out of 10 are not millionaires because of an inheritance. Okay. Nothing to do. Nothing to do with your inheritance. But a lot of people say all wealth is passed down. No, it's not. Most people that are wealthy started from nothing and became wealthy nine out of 10 in America.


Okay. That's the numbers, which gives everybody hope. Now, having said that, the number of millionaires that said I started from nothing and became a millionaire by not paying off my house and instead investing the money was very close to zero. Okay. The majority of them, like 85, 90% of them paid off their home and all other debts as quickly as possible. And then used the cash flow to invest. And that's what built their wealth. Okay. So, and by the way, when the house is paid off, you also get peace.


Right? Right. And that's what I'm sort of shooting for. So I'm 55 years old, we haven't done a great job in our investments. We have some money invested. How much? And so he was saying, well, we're right at about 140 or so, so we really goofed off in the beginning anyway. Anyway. So if you pay off the house for 80, you could put a hundred in investments and you could put the house payment on automatic draft outta your checking account into investments. Right? Well, we could, yeah. But we'd also, so without the house payment, we'd have about 11,000 in margin. Good. Right. Well Put more if I was gonna put like five to six in investments each and every month. Good. I like that. And then, okay. All Right. So, so I guess my thinking was correcting because my wife's like, well, I wanna use it to fix up the house and all this other stuff.


And I'm like, well, we can do that after we get the house paid off. It only, I would do that outta the cash flow. I would invest a little less and take, instead of 6,000, make it 5,000 and put a thousand dollars in the rehab fund every month. Okay. That's a thought. Yeah, that's good idea. I know she's really keen on doing stuff to the house. Yeah. So I sort of have to take, keep that in mind, I guess. I think that's a fair, I don't think that's unfair. I mean, you're, you're in good shape. You're gonna be a multimillionaire when you're 65. That's the plan, I hope. Well, that's the math. Math. Have you run the numbers math on what you just described will be that. Okay. It's Important to run those numbers out, Brock, if you've not done it, get on Ramsey Solutions dot com and use that invest investing calculator and really see what this looks like for you that that'll give you a lot of the piece that you're looking for and it'll give you a plan and it'll help you better understand what we're telling you.


Yeah. So you're, if you're investing $5,000 a month for 10 years and you started with a hundred plus what you've already got, which is 140, so you started with a quarter million, you're easily gonna be worth several million dollars in 10 years. Okay. Okay. Sitting, I mean, if you're putting it in good growth, stock mutual funds and getting the average returns of the market, that's what you'll have. Yeah. And all of the while been fixing up the house and all of the while have a paid for house. Yeah. And that's, I, to me, I think that's just key. I really want to be under the guise of debt. And so, I mean, we're in baby step six now. We have no other debt at all, still putting the child through school, but we're paying cash for that basically.


Good. Well, and see, when that, when that's done, that helps the, that helps the renovation on the house budget. Oh, immensely. Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, you get that, you get that one off the payroll, it opens up everything. So you're in really good shape here. But yeah, follow your instincts. You've got good instincts. Yeah, I agree. You know, there's a big I, I feel like that's one of the number one temptations we get when people call in is they want to invest. I mean, we had two calls earlier. They wanted to invest over paying off the house Instead. And the data says you're wrong. The data says that the average millionaire doesn't do that. There you go. Yeah.


So buying or selling a home, by the way is a big deal. And clickbait headlines, confusing data's out there right now. The median house price in America is a little over 440,000. That means half of them or more, half of them or less. Just to give you an idea. All the houses, no bull. Bull. That's the actual number, the average 15 year fixed rate is still under 6%. If you wanna know more about housing market trends and get some free tools, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market or click the show notes on the podcast or YouTube and we'll help you out with that.


Ashley's in Tulsa. Hi Ashley. How are you? I'm doing well. How are you? Better than I deserve. How can I help? Well, we have some, quite a bit of jet, so we're kind of looking at two options, kind of consolidating all of our debt or bankruptcy. So the jet, the primary debt is student loan, house personal debt, and then medical and then car. Okay. You understand if you file bankruptcy, student loans are not bankruptable? Yes. And if you wanna keep the house, it's not bankruptable and if you want to keep the car, it's not bankruptable. Okay. So you're not really doing much filing bankruptcy.


Okay. It's kind of useless. So how much is all these different debts? What's it all total up to? Okay. Not counting your house, Not including the house, Yes. Not including the house. About 200,000. Okay. And what's your household income? 65. And what do you owe on the cars? We owe 22 on Just one car. Okay. We actually have three vehicles And we own two. Okay. How much of It's medical debt? About 10,000. Okay. And so that's 32 of 200. What's the rest of it? Student loan debt is about 80,000. Okay. Which is majority of mine. And then personal debt and credit card debt.


What? What's the personal debt? Personal debt is, if I'm doing my numbers right, about 15,000. Okay. And what credit cards? 7,000. Okay. You're nowhere near 200 Am I not? Oh, that's including the house. Okay. What do you owe on the house? We owe 89. What's it worth? It's worth 130. Okay. And why are you guys only making 65? Who's not working? Well, we're actually both working. Your job suck. I actually, well, my husband's job actually pulls in 45. I pull in only 19,000 a year because I actually work full-time at a school.


However, I only make like $15 an hour, but I am actually in the process of trying to find a better job. I would hope. Or Well finishing my testing for teacher. Good. But that doesn't, that doesn't, even if you make more money, doesn't, it doesn't mean that you just 'cause you have more money, doesn't mean doesn't erase the problems that you currently have. Yeah, it does. You pay 'em off. True. True. Yeah. You, you, you went $80,000 in debt to go do something. Not 15 out dollars an hour. You didn't go $80,000 in debt to do $15 an hour, right?


Yeah, Yeah. So let's, let's get our incomes up, both of you and get in attack mode. Get you on a budget list. These debts smallest to largest. No more eating out in vacations. You're spending money like you're in Congress around there and y'all ain't making much. You're not working much. Y'all gotta get a bunch of hours, get your income up and start attacking this debt. Well, like you're mad at it. And that'll make it go away, kiddo.


Buying and selling a home is a big deal and you want an expert in your corner fighting for you to get the right deal at the right price. That's why we only recommend Ramsey Trusted Real Estate Agents. They're handpicked pros who know their stuff. Listen to your needs and have your back from the first call all the way to closing day. To find a Ramsey trusted agent near you, visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Our scripture today, Philippians four, eight, finally, brothers and sisters, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable. If anything is excellent or praiseworthy, think about such things. Herb Kelleher that started Southwest Air said, the world isn't going to shower gold coins on you just because you have a good idea, you're going to have to work like crazy to bring that idea to the attention of people. That's wonderful. Love it. Jennifer is with us in Phoenix. Hi Jennifer, how are you? I'm fine. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? That's what I expected. I have been a forever listener, but I am attempting to get out of the hole again.


I just got over three years of aggressive breast cancer and, and a post breast cancer caused neurological disorder. And I am seriously in medical debt. It's causing me not to be able to work full-time. I I did pay for long-term disability on my own. So I am getting paid by that, which is $2,500 a month. And I did move to a home that was less expensive, but I've been so sick for so long that Oh gosh, kid, everything's, it's just been, it, it, I went through everything I went through.


You single all my money and more. I am and I've, I've raised three amazing children. One's in the Navy and you know, and she, you Get the social security disability as well. Well, my long-term disability company demanded or actually required me to use their, their partner to help me get Social security disability. Good. Okay. But is I'm now being told it's gonna take two years and Okay, so you have 2,500 a month to live on.


Yeah. My, my son in the Navy is paying me $300 for a room in my house so that he can keep the address there, which is like the most amazing thing. And I do work a little bit, but I've been told I can't make more than probably $1,500 a month and agreed. And be, And still be, still be on long-term disability. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. At some, at some point they're gonna start following you around with cameras Right. To make sure that you're not working, you know, so Yeah. Right. Because we're, well, I work from home. I work from home most of The time. I know, but I mean, they're paying you $30,000 a year to not work. That's the point. So they Right. They're They're pretty, and I don't, I'm not, I don't have insurance, Dave.


I haven't had insurance since March. Okay. So how much, why not? Because I was on Cobra for 18 months and then I went on to the a CA and it was, it was $1,500 a month because they were looking at my previous year, which was too much. Yeah. So, So what do you, how much medical debt do you have? 50,000. Okay. Alright. And I have No car. Right. I have no car. I can't drive. So I sold my car Okay. To live off of, I have cashed out two very small $5,000 IRAs, 4 0 1 Ks.


Okay. So where, where you start is food and you have enough for food, then you Go to Yeah. Lights and water. And you have enough for that? Yes. And My mortgage is a thousand dollars a month. Okay. And I have enough for that. Two, I'm, I'm three months behind in that. Why? Because I had two abdominal surgeries in December and I wasn't able to work for, for three months. Okay. But, but my point, my point is this, I, I, I, I'm, you, you know, you've got a very tough situation.


There's no question about that. The so what we have to do is we have to go all the way back to primitive basics, almost eighth grade civics class. We buy food before we buy anything. Yeah. We keep the lights and water on before we do that. And we pay the house payment before we do anything else. Yes. Those three things for us. Food, shelter, clothing, transportation and utilities. Basic four walls of life. Right. And the medical bills simply are not gonna get paid right now. Right. And that's, and I'm not paying credit card. I only have like seven grand in credit cards. Yeah, You can't pay them. You can't pay them either. Can't pay them either, right? Not right now. Not right now. Right. But because this, but everything's temporary, it's either gonna get worse or it's gonna get better.


Well this is the question is do I just abandon it all because it's gonna take so long that there's no way that It's not gonna, it's not gonna drive so long because we're not gonna be exactly here five years from now. This situation, this situation is not going to be the definition of your life for the next decade. It's the definition of your life for the next five months, but it's not for the next decade. How is it gonna not be for the next five? Well, I I I'm going to make the assumption that some healing is going to occur. Well, this is the question is, is I I don't have ins, I don't have, I don't have medical insurance.


I Understand. I Understand. So I haven't had my onco my third year oncology appointment. I haven't had my, I haven't had the critical appointments that will allow me to take the medication that I need. Okay. And the, and the state is obviously taking forever because they're not getting answers. And, and I, I, and I don't know what, I don't know. I don't know what to do Anymore. Can I ask a question? Are those appointments, are you not going 'cause you're just not able or because you're afraid of the bills that will come because of it. Correct. What does it, what does the appointment take to go and see that one doctor for that one appointment you're talking about?


Well, for my critical appointments, it'll be probably a grand. Okay. I'd go get, go get your care 1800, go, go, go prolong your life. You, you have the money to do that and eat and pay the house payment, but you don't have the money to do anything else. Right. So those, I I, you can scrape out the very basic appointments. The very, the, you know, you can't do a 10 grand one, you don't have that unless they want to, unless they want to do it as a, a pro bono thing and as an act of kindness. And you can ask for that. I certainly would. But as far as I, I see, I think what's happening is, is the, there's two, the, well I, you're a human and so with all the hell you've been through, it's very easy to lose your a a portion of your perspective.


And so what I'm trying to do is block this out and set things to the side so that I can see clearly. Yes. And I'm, so I'm saying I I, I'm not worried about the $50,000 in debt. I'm not worried about the credit card debt today. We'll get around to that. We'll either bankrupt it, never pay it, or we'll get around to paying it when you're healed and making good money and your life is back two s some semblance of normal again. Yeah. That's gonna be a little while. Apparently it's probably not 20 minutes from now, but it's, it's also not 20 years from now. So something's going to happen and things are going to move in one direction or another, a Devastating direction or a much better direction. And so, and in either case, the, the medical bills will be dealt with.


So I, I'm, you know, I'm not worried about those, but I do want you to go get the basic a thousand dollars item, a $500 item, a thousand dollars house payment and food and lights and water. And other than that, I'm not paying anything. Right. You don't have the money. Well, you know, when people call Then just tell 'em I don't have any money. That's what I've been saying. Yeah. I'm, I'm on, I'm on death's bed. I'm a cancer survivor. Barely. And right now I don't have a single dime. 'cause I don't have any money. I will call you back when I have some money and hang up. There's no sense having a conversation with them. They're what's called a bill collector. Right. And, and all of that is getting the, you know, some body in a cubicle 500 miles away is getting in.


It is interfering with the forced ranking of priorities here. Right. And that's what I'm trying to force upon you is food. Right. Well, as a woman, life And water house, I have a hard time with doing that. I keep going to, Well, you're a person of honor, you would like to pay your bills and that's a good thing. It's a person of integrity, but It's, it's literally survival mode. But today the best way for you to pay your bills is to not pay your bills. Yeah. You gotta live, you gotta live first so that you can't pay your bills. That's it. Yeah. I'm sorry kiddo. Man, what a mess. I'm so sorry. Wow. That puts us out of The Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace, and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace Christ Jesus.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new Ramsey 1 0 1 U2 Playlist, A quick start collection of how to get started walking the Ramsey plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money. I.