
Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, PhD in counseling, RAMSEY personality, bestselling author, host of The Dr. John Delony Show is my co-host today. I'm Dave Ramsey, and we're here to help you like we have been for 35 plus years now. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. It is a free call. Some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. Isaac is gonna start off this segment in Rochester, New York. Hey Isaac, Welcome to The Ramsey Show.


Hey, Dave and John, how are you doing? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I'm 24 years old and I currently work as an outside salesman in the electrical industry. I have my associate's degree. I like to go on and finish my bachelor's and my company has offered to pay for it, but they want me to sign a five year commitment, commitment with them. Should I do that or should I just pay for it myself? Five years from today? Yes, or from the last time that they write a check. Five years from when I would start college, it would be this fall. Okay, but it's gonna take you how many years working at night?


Maybe two and a half years at the most? Yeah. Okay. Three years. So that part's not irrelevant. So really they're asking you to sign a two and a half year, two year contract after you finish school. Correct. Because obviously you wouldn't quit while you're in the middle of trying to get them to pay for school. No. Okay. So what do you make now 60,000 before bonuses? After bonuses, probably like 70 to 75. What are you gonna study? Go back to school for business. Why? Probably get my, well, because in order for me to make more money in this career and move into like a sales manager job, the minimum requirement for any big company in the electrical industry is a bachelor's degree.


Bull crap. So That's why Absolutely not true. Not true. Some businesses require a four year degree. They're not necessarily people you wanna work for. If you're a freaking sales manager and you know how to manage salespeople and you got five years or six years of sales experience busting shoe leather on the street causing stuff to happen, they don't give a crap where you went to school or if you went to school, all they know is can you make sales happen? A four year degree has got zipped to do with it. Not true, not a prerequisite In your world, if you want to go increase your brain power, I'm okay with that, but saying that's a barrier for you to move ahead in sales. Nope.


Sales is the most well paid profession in America today. Sales people make more money than any other profession as a body, as a group because it's all production based. It's based on your ability. It is not based on your knowledge, it's not based on your resume. It's not based on your degrees. And God help you. Your pedigree Is your particular company that you work for, is that one of their just hr, like draw, like they just have a line that says, we won't even talk to you. It's like their filtering system. Well, my company's a rep firm. We rep the bigger manufacturers, a lot of the big electrical guys you hear of in the industry.


And I would like to eventually transition to being a like territory manager for one of those bigger companies. And they have that as a requisite to even get an interview That not true. The requisite to get an interview is, you know, somebody there that knows your reputation of being a stud salesman, that'll get your foot in the door. Listen, if you're working for corporate America that is so freaking structured that they absolutely under no circumstances will interview you based on the fact you don't have a four year degree, that is not a place you wanna work. These are fools. They're idiots. I'm serious, man. You don't wanna work there if that's really happening. I don't believe you. I think you've been fed some information that you believe, but I think your information is bad.


I promise you, man. I've been in sales my whole life. I love salespeople. Can you tell how I got amped up quick? Yeah. I, I love salespeople, man. And it's the, it's the ultimate ability to kick down a door on production and on ability based on nothing else. But once you have a reputation with one of those companies, or this guy gets it done, this is a guy that knows how to leave the cave, kill something and drag it home. He closes the freaking deal that's gonna get you in the door more than any dead gum third night school business degree, I promise, man. Don't bet. Listen, the ticket to success in America is perseverance, integrity, ability.


It is not a degree. Get a degree if it helps you, but don't depend on a degree to get you in the door or open the door. That is not how it works. And I'll send you a book by Ken Coleman to prove it to you. It's called the Proximity Principle. It's the number one bestselling PR book. But man, I gotta tell you, you, you're the secret sauce for Isaac in Rochester, New York to be successful is in Isaac's mirror. Look in the mirror, you're your secret sauce to success, son. It is not where you went to school or if you went to school. And again, I've, I've got a four year degree. I'm all about education. John's was a, I got a PhD in higher ed, but am I wrong?


No, I, I I think that I I didn't know that was still a thing. I knew that was, I knew that that was a way businesses for the last 25, 30 years filtered applicants. It was just an easy Oh, yeah. But I didn't know they were still doing it. But even then you could bust the filter is my point. You you can, yeah. Like A freaking sledgehammer to It. What Isaac, I I, I want you to consider this, think of it from the other way. The company is saying, Hey, we have a top salesman and we recognize talent and he's 24 years old, we can lock him up for five years to the tune of 25,000 bucks. If he's going to a state school, we can put 25 grand on the table, which is gonna be five grand a year to keep him locked up here for five years. If that degree is gonna get you a bonus with your, your own company quick, that's fantastic.


I would take it. I I'm, I'm always a fan of free education, but if, if you immediately in two years, you're 26, 27, you want to jump ship and go work for one of these bigger companies that you wanna do and you're locked up for another two and a half years with your company, I'd pay the money outta pocket the Wrong reason. Yeah, That's right. That's right. They've locked you up. So for the wrong raise, I'd, I'd want to, I I'd pay the money on my own and just keep doing what you're doing. You've done an associate's degree and just, if you wanna get a bachelor's degree, keep going. But I like Dave. I like it when companies do that, but man, I always wanna see what the return is. Usually it's you graduate, you stay here for five years and here's what your new raise will be or here's what your new job will be. Not, Hey, you're locked into this job for the next five years. Yeah. That, that's the answer to your question.


But the reason you're asking the question is based on faulty information. Yeah. Is my, maybe There still is some big giant corporations still Still have that as a filter, but my point is still stands I wouldn't work there. Yeah. My, you know, if you've got the ability to sell, dude, you got the ability to make 200 k doing something somewhere without a degree. Now, if you want to go get a degree, my business degree has served me well. I use accounting, statistics, finance, whatever, almost every day in my job as the CEO of RAMSEY, the things I learned in academia were valuable. They were not. However, the actual ship itself, the four year degree is not a prerequisite to me starting or running this $300 million company.


And that is true all across America. That's Right. If you wanna get outta sales and you're selling now and you're tired of sales and you wanna get into a leadership role where you're not selling so much as your leading salesman, then you're gonna wanna learn how to do leadership. But even then, man, sitting in a classroom and just taking classes on leadership, that's not how you do it, man. You sit next to leaders Taking classes on leadership from a professor who's tenured and has never led anything, hasn't Led anything. That's right. Hello. Yeah. Sit with real leaders and do real leadership. Yeah. Yeah. This is, this is very, very doable for you. Your career is fine. I, I don't mind you going and getting the degree. I don't want you to go get it because you think it's your ticket to success. That's my problem. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all, grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap, posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal, and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Dr. John Delony, RAMSEY personality is my co-host. Tr well, lemme try again here. Taylor is with us. Taylor's in Roanoke, Virginia. Hi Taylor. How are you? I still didn't do it, did I? One, two. Ah, good. How you doing? There he is. Hey Taylor. I was messing up. I'm pushing over the wrong buttons. Like I've never done this before. Oh, you're fine. Hey man, what's up? How you guys, I got a question. We are in baby Step two. We paid off about $30,000 in credit cards in about the last 12 to 14 months, but we act, we separated about eight weeks ago. Why? I think it's, it was a breakdown of communication usually Is why we are In, I'm sorry.


Usually Is, why'd you separate? I think it's just communication. We, she realized she wasn't happy with some things and wants some time apart to figure some stuff out. We are in agreement with finances. We want to continue paying down everything. We're not hiding money from each other. My question is, we're both ac actually, I'm facing a pretty serious health issue right now, and she is too right now. Should we continue down paying everything off, or should we just be stockpiling cash in case, you know, certain things happen with some diagnosis? Well, the first thing is how, how long is the separation?


Are y'all just playing separated? A, a, a good separation? Should have a, a date and a and a time and a location. We're gonna be apart for 30 days and then we're gonna go have lunch at this place. We've have y'all set that up. We've, We've agreed to not make any major decisions for four to six months. Months. Okay. And one of you moved out. Yes. Yeah. I mean, that, that's a long time. What, what are you hoping to accomplish for six months? Probably just maybe reconnecting, working on the communication issues and just deciding what we both want in life, I guess.


I think you need to decide, do y'all wanna stay married? And if you wanna stay married, sometimes if somebody's outta control or somebody's struggling with an addiction, like, Hey, I'm gonna be out, I'm moving out for 30 days and at the end of 30 days at this restaurant, at this time we're meeting, we're bringing a piece of paper and, and like, you gotta have that six months. Just hopefully like, well, you know, like kind of just, we just wanna like kind of think through. That's it. It it is just a recipe for this thing ending up in Ash. The second piece is your health stuff. So all, all that to say is I would, Dave, correct me if I'm wrong, I'd pause everything and I would stockpile cash. I don't know what you're trying to accomplish with this separation. Again, I want you guys to be very intentional. Is your, did your wife move out because it's not safe to be around you?


No, there's no, there's no abuse, there is no Anything. Okay. Does she have somebody else she wants to try dating for six months? No. Okay, then what, what, what is gonna be accomplished? Honestly, I, we're, we're trying to work that I through therapy. Okay. Right now we're seeing a therapist separately. Hopefully, eventually two come together. Right now, I think she just, it's in a place where she wants to find out what she wants in life. Like I said, the marriage wasn't perfect, but there was no abuse. There was no infidelity, nothing like that.


I can't really give you a straight answer exactly what happened, but I can definitely say there was no abuse or infidelity or, well, no, No. Marriage is perfect, but you try to figure out what you want in life before you say I do, you don't say I do. And then get a couple years in and then be like, well, you know, I don't really know what I want. But we've been married. Yeah, we've been married almost 20 years, so I don't know if this is just, and it's, it was always, we've always had a very happy marriage. So I'm just not sure what, obviously I wanna stay married, I wanna work this out. That's my desire. I just, I think she's just in a different place right now. But with both of us facing health issues, it kind of throws a wrench in because I'm actually facing a, a cancer diagnosis right now.


Okay. Possibly. Yeah. As far as the financial, as far as your financial question, yes. Stop paying down debt, pile up cash to survive a cancer diagnosis, whatever her diagnosis is and to survive the divorce. Okay. Because what I, I can't tell what's going on because you don't seem to know in your relationship. The one clue you did gimme a minute ago was it's 20 years and it's been a hard marriage the whole time. I think she just reached the end and the switch flipped. Yeah, she's done. And I don't think that one's coming back. I might be wrong. I've only done this for 35 years, but once the switch flips, it's hard to get it back. And so it's possible that the therapist can help you guys work this out.


I hope. I'm hopeful. I hope that happens. But I would prepare for the worst as far as the marriage goes on the financial side. And that's a big pile of cash is easier to split than reduced debt. Yeah. Is easier to split and both of you need some extra cash anyway if you're both facing health problems. So yes. Let's pause on the total money makeover. Money is not the problem in your life today. Not even close. The problem in your life today is relationships and health. Yeah. And that's what you concentrate on and you let the money float towards those things rather than towards working the baby steps. And think, think of that. I mean, for people listening, think about that kind of separation. I know it's easy to think if I just had my own space or if I just had this time, I'm just gonna take six months to think about it like this.


It's like you going and getting a gym membership, like are you gonna lose weight? I don't know. I just dunno what I want. I'm just gonna go walk around the gym and I'll do a couple minutes on this thing and then I'll, I'll get a smoothie and then I'll, that's not how, you're not gonna, you're gonna walk out exactly the same person except you're gonna be minus your gym membership fees. Right. For six months. Be intentional if you need to separate, have a very clear reason, a very clear timeline, and then a very clear set of action steps for what is gonna be accomplished in this time we're apart. And then specifically how we're gonna come back together and decide what we're doing next. But this Yeah, Dave, you're exactly right. This is a, she's practicing being divorced.


She's practicing what life is gonna be like by herself on her own because she's had it. And Yeah. How I can get her, I can get my feet underneath me and she just doesn't wanna cut the ties just in case she needs a little more time. But that's what, that's exactly what this is. This isn't a, I wanna see if I still wanna be married. This is me practicing being divorced. And so I would, If I were you, I would sit with your therapist and say, I need to know from her what she, what she needs for this to be healed. Correct. Right. And have her make that list because I think you have no idea. Yeah. And I'm seeing more and more, Dave, the answer to that question will be, well, I just don't know. I need more time, need more time. And what's happening is, in some states, whoever files has less of a, of a, of a stake in what happens.


Right. And the other person can claim, well, this's just, he filed on me or she filed on me. And so there's kind of this push, like, I don't wanna be the bad guy here. And so I don't know anymore time. I, and the way I'm phrasing it with some of the people I talk to is that they're just slowly getting drowned. And the other person is just, they're outta the marriage, but they don't wanna be the, they don't wanna have the, the label as I filed. So they can always say like, he filed for divorce or he divorced me. And so it's, so there's something about, let's call it what it is. Let's put on the table and let's both be adults moving forward. Yeah. Amen. It's a mess. Daniel's in Washington, DC Hey Daniel, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. What's up? Hi, can you hear Me okay? Yes, sir. I just got a quick question.


Me and my wife, we just moved into our first apartment together and just wondering how much with no debt and just wondering how much we should save for a house. And also should we be investing in retirement? You can, you're, if you have your baby step three done, that's what I'm, you're out of debt. You have your emergency fund in place and now you're choosing between whether I'm going to save aggressively for a down payment on a house or whether I'm going to save above putting some money into retirement. We call that baby Step three B, baby. Step four is 15% of your income going into retirement. Some people in your situation, Daniel, choose to put nothing in retirement for one or two years while they pile up a big old pile of cash for a down payment.


And that's, that's nothing wrong with that. If you're two, if you're just now moving into your first apartment, you've just gotten married, that's wonderful. Yeah. Take two years. See how, see how big old a pile of cash you can come up with. Big down payment is good. More down payment, less debt. It's always good. And so how, how much can you do in two years or maybe three years if you did nothing into retirement and you're young, you're just getting started. If you pause retirement for a little while, it's not gonna kill you. It's not gonna keep you from being a millionaire. I don't want you pausing it for six years. That's not what I'm suggesting. But I am saying if you take one, two years and you maybe even three and you pile up cash for retirement, you'll be ready to roll.


That's how that works. Alright, open phones here at Triple eight, eight two, five, five, two, two five. You guys jump in. This is The Ramsey Show.


Lemme tell you the God, It's holy Week in Jerusalem and the city is restless. The people of Israel welcome Jesus as king. His followers ready for revolution. But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables Walk to you scribes and fantasies. How will you escape being contempt to heaven? Experience holy week like never before. What if you tell coming soon to theaters the chosen Last Supper? Get your tickets now.


Dr. John Delony RAMSEY. Personality number one bestselling author is my co-host. Today, John and I are going on the road. We're going to six cities doing the money and relationships tour. This is gonna be the coolest thing we've ever done. John. We were in a meeting this morning talking about how we're gonna lay this thing out. You guys are gonna be in the audience and you're gonna vote on what subjects you want us to talk about. And five minutes before we go on, we're gonna put 'em in order and do 'em. This is gonna be a blast. Wheels Off. It's gonna be fun, man. Wheels Off. It's, it is totally riffing. We're gonna have so much fun. Anything about raising great kids, handling money fights, estate planning, investing, millionaire numbers. We're gonna be in Louisville, Kentucky, April 21, Durham, North Carolina, April 23, Atlanta, April 25.


Then we head over to Phoenix, may five, Fort Worth on May seven, and Kansas City on May nine. If you want tickets, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. They are not yet sold out. These events typically do. So I suggest you get them before you have a problem. It's gonna be a blast. We're gonna have a lot of fun that evening be John and I in each of the six cities, we're really, really pumped about this format. It's not something we've done before and we like trying new stuff around here. All Right, Travis and Aaron are with us in Houston, Texas on the debt-free stage. Hey guys, how are you? Better than we deserve. I love it. Welcome, welcome. And how much debt have you?


Two paid off? $405,000. Whoa. How long did that take? Total of 17 years. Okay, that works. And your range of income during that time? So we started with about one 50 right now. Currently we make about 1 35 and in the middle there for a big chunk, it was up to about two 50. Okay, cool. What do y'all do for a living? We're both teachers a teacher and a coach? She's a math coach, actually. Academic math coach for the elementary school. Okay. So why the income go up and down as teachers? I'm confused. I've only been a teacher for six years. Oh, okay. Yes, I was in retail management for Oh, okay. Almost 20 years, 18 years.


So you chose your love and went into the classroom in coaching? Absolutely. Gotcha. Okay. Once you could afford to. Correct. Okay. So tell us the story. What happened 17 freaking years ago? Well, we were doing like most people, I guess, and spending every bit of raise that we got and just, you know, we could afford the payment. So we'd buy it and we had the payment and then we came to realize that we're making, you know, what felt like a ton of money back then and we didn't have any money leftover. So one of my friends actually told me about this Dave Ramsey guy. I came home and I told her about this Dave Ramsey guy and we went and bought your book. And she actually read it first and basically one evening and she said it sounded great.


Next day I read it. We both said it sounded great and we just went with it. Whoa. Total money makeover. Total money makeover. Yes. Oh, Same. Okay. Alright, cool. So you just went, you just went hog wild on the baby steps? We did On that sold cars, he traded in a brand new car that we had just signed up for, for a beater. Wow. And that was one of the pivotal moments for me that was like, okay, he loves cars. He just traded in this awesome car for this little beater car. Betting on the future baby. Yeah, Very much. Yes. I love it. Very good. So what Took 17 years? Well, we paid aggressively. We, we paid off all our consumer debt in 92,000 of it in 18 months to two years.


Then we were progressively paying for the house until my son got into about junior high age. And we realized we wanted to do some, spend some money on vacations and some experiences with him. Good. So we kind of stopped aggressively paying on the house. We were down to how long do we, we had about 70,000 left on the house and we kind of just were cruising on it. And actually thanks to my mother-in-law, she just actually paid off the last $70,000 for us. Whoa. Wow. Pretty cool. Absolutely. Yes. Okay. Just reach over and knock it out. So you were just working a normal baby step four 15% of your income going in five kids college and enjoying your budget Right. And putting what you could on the house. Absolutely. But it slowed it way down.


Correct. But you did a whole bunch of this in the first five years of the 17. Yes. Is that about right? Absolutely, yes. Okay. So this 405 is your house too? Yes. Y are a hundred percent debt free. A hundred Percent done every brick. We own all of it. Love it. How much is in your nest egg, your retirement nest egg? A million dollars. Okay. And the house is worth what? 4 65. So you're worth a million and a half. Good for you and your your age. How old are you two? I'm 47. She's 46. All Right, very cool. And you're millionaires? Yes. Plus, well done guys. So the stinking book worked. Absolutely. The stinking Book worked. We were excited. We read that book. She read it first. I read the next day, man, let's started.


We were excited. Yeah. How do you, I, I think one of the hardest things people experience is getting to that baby step four, five, and six and deciding that balance between living life and paying this house off. And we see people get it just messy on either end. How'd you guys navigate that? I mean, I just always wanted to look back and say that, you know, with our son, we had experiences with him that we didn't say, you know, at a later age we didn't do those things. So that was the balance of figuring out, we still are gonna go on this trip, but we're still working aggressively to get this house paid off. Yeah, Dude, I Love that. And how much you guys being on track together on re being super responsible, how much of that did your mother know?


She'd do it pretty well. Yeah. We, I mean, we are constantly talking about RAMSEY to anybody that we can, anybody, She Kinda looked over there and went, these two could be okay to invest in. Yes. She kind of went like, Hey, it's almost 20 years I've been hearing about this. How about I just write this check? You'll never bring it up ever again. So we actually couldn't come visit Nashville until the house was paid off. She's asked us for years, let's go to Nashville. And I said, I cannot do this until, I mean, we were paying off the house, but we have to have this paid off before we come visit. And here we are now. Yeah. Way to go. I'm so proud of y'all. Fantastic guys. How's it feel to before, did you think ever, I mean, when you're 27, you know, you start this 17 years ago, did you really feel like, okay, before I'm 50 I'm gonna be worth a million and a half with a paid four house and gonna be a hundred percent debt for you?


Did you ever think that? It's hard to believe, isn't it? No, I, I, I mean, I, I believed it, but I don't know that I thought it. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. When you look at, look at the numbers, the numbers say yes. Right. But then you go, wow, my emotions, I don't know if I could catch up. Right. How's it feel now that you're there? Oh, Amazing. Great. Yes, the freedom and the peace of just being in that place. Thank you very much. Was the sacrifice worth it? Yes. Oh yeah. What have you taught your son about going to the dentist? He's about to leave your house. He Is actually gone. We are empty nest now. Okay. So we're in a new stage. And so about a year and a half ago we went on a bunch of recruiting trips for football in the car a lot. And we were listening to podcasts hours, hours and hours, Eight hours of Dave Ramsey podcast?


Yes. Oh God. Poor kid. He's like, any college I'll take, I'll sign up anywhere. You Just get me outta this car. At, At one point he, he turned to me and he said, do you realize that most families in America listen to music when they're on these trips? Mom, can you spell Spotify? Well, wait a minute, we're on Spotify too. That's right. But I said, you know, I mean the knowledge that you are getting, the community of people, of RAMSEY, you know, people that are calling in this is so much more impactful in your life. Yeah. That's fantastic. Well, I'm proud of you guys. Well done. And this is really hard for me as a guy, as a, as a lifelong red Raider, I'm gonna do something I've never done before. And that's to tell someone who graduated from Texas a and m University.


Well done. Well done. You. It's hard to tell an Aggie. Well done, but well done. Yeah. Thank you. Love it. Alright, so what school did he choose? Northwestern, Oklahoma State University. Alright, Very cool. That'll do. Yep, that'll do. Is he gonna join you for the debt free scream? He's Gonna join us. All Right. What's his name? Cody. Oh, Cody. Okay. And Cody is 18 or 17? 19. 19. Okay. Close enough. All Right, good. Well welcome guys. Congratulations. We're very, very proud of you guys. Very well done. Alright, it's Travis and Aaron and Cody Houston, Texas. 405,000 paid off in 17 years. Megan one 50 to two 50, down to 1 35.


Working the dream job, living life large. And in the process became worth 1.5 million. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 3, 2, 1. Where? Yeah, there's That trip to Nashville. Yeah, baby. Whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop. Yeah, That's how it's done. And that's a long trek. Most people won't do something for 17 minutes Dave minute. And they stuck at It a minute. A minute and 70 seconds. That's right. You know, they can't do anything. Yeah, it's nothing. That's perseverance. 47 seconds. Yeah.


Perseverance, baby. That's awesome. Wow. That's amazing. Well, great story. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Dr. John Maloney, RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today, The Dr. John Delony Show. As of January 1st, just a couple months ago, passed the huge milestone. It is in the top one half of 1% of all shows on YouTube with over 1 million subscribers. Huge milestone. Congratulations John. That was a big breakthrough. We announced that staff meeting this morning with the golden plaque from the YouTube people and that's pretty cool. Pretty cool man. Yeah, I'm really grateful for the opportunity you gave me, man. It's pretty Cool. Well, we're, it's, you're helping a lot of people brother, and that's what you're there for. All Right.


Ashley's in Oklahoma City. Hi Ashley, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Okay. My husband and I are trying to decide if we should go on an African safari hunt or to keep saving for a house. This is the most Oklahoma call I think I've ever got. So here's a little situation and background. So we got married this past year and decided for our 10 year anniversary that we are gonna go on an African safari and hunt all the jazz. And then a month ago we entered a raffle and found out that we won a nine day all inclusive hunt in South Africa.


And it's a $20,000 value. It includes like the hunt, lodging, food, and lord willing, like two animals per person. But after we did our research, it does not include airfare, transportation, gun rental, but the kicker is the taxidermy and the shipping of the taxidermy and total all of that comes out to 12,000 to 15,000 out of pocket, which doesn't include like extra excursions or spending money. It's a lot of money. What's your household income, hun? 275,000 a year. We're in baby step three B. So in our first year of marriage we are debt free with our fully funded emergency fund.


We are targeting to purchase a house April of 2026, so in one year. And we're on track for 87,000 for a down payment. And we have a sinking fund for our vacation this year of $2,600. So we see three potential options. If you could help us with our first marital financial hurdle. Well, you're in a much better place than I thought you were gonna be when we started this conversation. Good. I was thinking this was gonna be a hard no when we started, but you make 275,000, you're out of debt, you have your emergency fund, vacations are on the table. You're choosing between the size of your down payment or the distance of your down payment.


You could easily say instead of spring with 87,000, we're going to do summer with 90,000 and an African trip. And that would put you about the same place, wouldn't it? I, I suppose so. Yeah. So I mean, you delay, what we're saying is you delay your home purchase and hit your exact same goals, but you delay the home purchase by three months. That's a good point. And you, that's really the only question. Would I trade an African trip that I get a $20,000 coupon towards, which it sounds like it's a dream trip for you. Yes, it is. I Mean, actually the voice tone, Paula, lemme make sure I'm hearing this right, because the voice tone I heard was not your husband's excited.


It's you are also excited, Jazzed, honestly. Okay. But like, So we, we don't know. So we're thinking we could either take the trip and either pull from a house fund or I guess your perspective is we wait to purchase the home. Or he's like, well, you know, we could take the trip but don't, you know, don't taxidermy or ship anything and just take really nice pictures. And I'm like, well, I would like to have a zebra rug. You know, like, that'd be pretty cool. Okay. And you can buy those Again. This is the most Oklahoma call I've ever taken. This is so great. So anyway, I yeah, I, If you were me, I would go to Africa and delay my house.


I would too by three months. Go do it. Go do it, right? Yeah, do it Rightall. I did not expect that. Yeah. But I'm, I'm delaying the house. If you, again, if you were in baby step three or two, the answer would be a hard no. Okay. You don't go on vacation in the middle of that crap. Okay. And you certainly don't go to freaking Africa in the middle of that. But you guys make 275 a year, you, you, you're outta debt, you're saving for a house. And all we're saying is, is we would rather go to Africa and buy a house three months later for the exact same money. And yeah, I think, you know, that that's not a bad trade. It's a reasonable trade off. And baby steps four, five and six or three B, four five and six are where you go from intents to intentional.


And that's what I would do. Sharon and I didn't shoot anything except with cameras. We spent three weeks in the incredible glamping or whatever you call it, with these, these fabulous tents and situations out in the, and got all the big five within just a few weeks on camera. And that is probably in the top five trips we've ever taken. It's an incredible trip. Wow, okay. That's so exciting. Wow. So it's, it's a, it's, it's mind blowing when you are, you know, sitting under a tree and the cheetah is above the tree, you're shooting it with an iPhone, you know, it's mind blowing. So I, I'll just, you know, it's, it is, it's a great trip and it's a wonderful thing and I I will load up the grandkids and take them when they get old enough.


It's, but yeah, you gotta do this stuff folks, if you're listening out there in order. And so the, the point is not Africa John. Right. The point is, do you do a dream thing when you have the money at the right time? That's where they are. Right. And when I saw this pop up, it says We won a hunting trip to Africa. Should we go? That's what popped up on our screen. I'm already in hard no mode before I picked up the line because most of the people calling us that question are going, I'm so broke, I can't pay attention and I want to go to Africa. 'cause we entered a raffle for something we shouldn't even have done. Well, and I thought it was a scam, like, hey, we'll, we'll, we'll we'll let you come to the campsite, but you're have to pay for this and this and this and this and this.


Well that Is, it's kind Of, you know, they're not paying for everything. It's not, it's not a, it's not somebody, some wealthy person is furnishing the whole deal for 'em. Sure. But it was a, it was a hunting trip raffle at a charity. And that's the way they're usually structured. But, and, and yeah, you can then you can make the decision about, okay, do we want to trade taxidermy for another month? Right. Yeah. For on the house. And It sounds like her husband Needs to, these are values based decisions you can put in front of you at any moment and go, yeah, I really want a zebra rug. Okay. Yeah, I was gonna say, her husband needs to get her a zebra, man. I'm telling you, there's guys out there that are hunters all over America going, does Ashley have a sister? I, Oh man. They're like, man, I'm married.


Way wrong. She's more excited about it than he is. Oh no. He's like, can we just move Drew's in Chicago? Hey Drew, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi there. Thanks for having me. Sure. How can we help? Well, about 10 years ago I was sold a, a whole life policy. I'm Sorry. And yeah. And it's only been about recently that I've discovered what a poor investment these things are. Good. I'm glad you figured it out. Yeah. In fact, in fact, I should, I actually sold two of them and I'm looking to get out good. However, you know, I'm, I'm doing the math and I, I'm, I'm about three years from breaking even on one of them.


No, you're not. That's well, according to the cash value, like in about three years I'll have paid the same amount. Like I could cash out for the same amount that I put into It. Oh, so you can make zero money. Okay. Right. Exactly. I'm, so, I'm just wondering, should I just get out now, take my loss, or should I keep paying this thing for a couple years and I peddle real hard? I can break even. No way, man. It's time to quit throwing money at this thing. Yeah. Get the cash value out. Put it in something that you don't lose when you die. Get your term insurance in place first and cancel this crap. This is the payday lender of the middle class. Yeah, that's, that's what I'm discovering here.


Yeah. And I, I wish I'd ask more questions when I signed up, but I Well, the, the person you signed up with didn't have the answers. That's the problem. And so, and, and you bought it a long time ago and a long time ago, people sold more of this stuff. Very few people in the financial world sell cash value insurance of any kind. Now the only ones that do are insurance agents. Everybody in the financial world has figured out that this is an absolute rip. And we've been telling people not to do it for, you know, a couple decades in my case. But in your case, you just, you know, about a decade late finding it. But that's okay. You, you can fix it. Yeah. You know, if, what would I do if I woke up in your shoes? I would get term insurance in place immediately for the proper amount to take care of my family.


If something happens to me, which you go to xandr insurance.com, you can get a quick, easy quote there. They'll shop it among a zillion different companies. They'll get you the best deal and get that in place about 10 to 12 times your income is what you should have most of you to take care of your family. 'cause if they invested that amount, it withdraw off enough income to replace you. That's the idea. And once that's in place, then cancel this crap and do some good investing with good investments. It'll be a lot cheaper than what you're spending now. You'll be in great shape.


This is The Ramsey


Show. Hey guys, I'm Jade Warshaw and I wanna talk to you for a quick second about student loan refinancing. If your payment and your interest rate are burying you and you feel like you can't dig out refinancing your student loan debt might make sense. That's because a lower rate could free up more money in your budget and a shorter term could help you pay down your debt faster. So reach out to the student loan refinancing experts today@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY. There you'll find helpful resources like a student loan rate table, a refinancing calculator, and other tools. Plus you can get an initial rate in just a few minutes. Laurel Road offers low competitive rates starting under 5% and you can get your interest rate even lower if you sign up for auto pay. But if your situation is more complex, sign up for a free 30 minute consultation with one of their student loan refinancing experts to get your tough questions answered. Listen, not everybody should refinance their student loan, so make sure you run the numbers, but for some people it is the right move. Learn more@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY to find out more about their student loan refinancing. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, PhD in counseling host of The Dr. John Delony. Show number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk. Nashville is calling. Nicole is on the line. Hi Nicole, how are you? Hi. I am doing well. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Well, I have a question. We are on baby step number two, but we're just beginning.


We've really just gotten our a thousand dollars emergency fund and so my husband and I are in our fifties and just starting on all of this little, there's a little bit of a, of a journey that came before this that that mean, you know, that meant we, we were just getting started now. Okay. Excuse me. On what we're learning from you, but, but blessed in many ways. So, so the question though is that now we have our EveryDollar budget and really what it looks like is we need more income. And so what I'm wondering is, I'm a homeschool mom and I have two, my two youngest are still in school, nine and 11 years old.


And so getting an outside job is not really something that I would like to do unless I could work it around what I'm doing with them. But I have found a resource where I could possibly get a certification that would allow a significant amount of income Oh, that would work around our home life and homeschool. But it costs $10,000 and I don't have that. So is there ever a time that it makes sense to try to finance, you know, some kind of education or or gaining of a qualification that would give you the opportunity to increase your income? Or is that always a hard No, It's a hard no, but I would, that doesn't mean I'm against the idea of doing the certification or against the, the heart with which you're approaching this, but never would I finance it.


So let's talk that through. What, what does your husband make About 75? Brings home about 75. Okay. And and how much debt do you guys have? Not counting your house? Not counting the house. We have about 60. Okay, on what? 60? Well, let's see, lemme look at this notes. I'm right before I called you. That's okay. 35 on our vehicles, 45 and personal debt and about 4,000 in medical bills. Okay. And so our EveryDollar budget covers payments on all those things. So we would eventually, you know, get there, but we just don't, we don't have insurance and we don't, you know, in our fifties I'm starting to see things that give me concerns for the future.


And so just wondering how we could, you know, make some significant progress. How much is your house payment? 1100. You own a boat, a motorcycle or a camper? We have one van and one motorcycle. One van. Is that your daily driver? It is our minivan, yes. Oh, okay. All Right. And a motorcycle, Right? What's the motorcycle worth? I do not know. It's, it's new. Oh, is there dad on it? Yes. Oh, I think it was, yeah, I think it was 13. I'm pretty sure we're upside down in that one.


Okay. I'm pretty sure that's being sold this week. You can't afford toys. You are broke homeschool mom. Yes. So would you just stay with the one vehicle? Oh, that's the only car he has. You have one van and one motorcycle. You don't own another car. Right. I thought this was a play toy on the weekends. Okay. No, it was actually when my, when my now 18-year-old was looking for a vehicle, my husband sold him his car and then to replace his car, we looked at, you know, mo some motorcycles are less expensive than cars. This one didn't happen to be, but that was, that was what started us down that path.


Is he riding a motorcycle without insurance? No, no. I mean, we have Oh you mean Yes, yes. There's auto insurance of course. Like, you know, the No, I'm talking about health insurance. Yes. Yes. He has health insurance or Yes, he's driving around on a, on a death trap with no health insurance. The latter. Okay. Yes. He's driving a motorcycle with no, no health insurance. He does have life insurance. Hmm. Oh my Yeah, there's so many jokes. I know, I know. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You just, okay, I gotta clear my head.


Can I be honest with you, it doesn't sound like, it sounds like you really, really like the idea of getting outta debt. I really Do, but I'm not hearing the idea that we're completely sold out for it. Or is he? Yeah. Is he Well, you might, you might, I don't, we're trying a, a new approach because, well, I say when I come to you guys, because we, we have heard of Dave Ramsey and known of some of the resources, even use them in our, our homeschool and our, and our children are doing well. But we have struggled to be on the same page financially for quite some time. And now we're making progress in that area. So I'm really glad we've got the thousand dollars.


Oh gosh. So you're working together with some mixed level of enthusiasm on the together part. Right? Right. Okay. We see things pretty differently, but we're, we're getting there. Yeah. And so improvement is good, but I'm just not sure about how we go from where we are to if we Yeah. Need more income. Here's, here's what I, here, here's the, the secret sauce to you all getting out of debt is both of you turn up the heat about three more notches. And that includes him taking an extra job, probably trading his motorcycle for like a car. 'cause he's like a grown man with children and he needs health insurance and he needs to get like six jobs and get his family help straightened out instead of his wife calling me trying to do a Hail Mary with a $10,000 certification.


The secret sauce is for the two of you to get fired up and wired up together, willing to do anything and sell anything to get this thing off a dead center. You can wander into debt, you cannot wander out and you're really trying. But I get the sense that you're carrying 70%, 75% of the weight of this discussion emotionally. And, and that's what generated the call. 'cause you're the one trying to fix it. You're the one trying to get the certification. We didn't call with him getting a certification or him doing extra work or him getting rid of his toy that he bought so that your teenager could have a freaking car while you're broke. So that's the kind of stuff that I'm hearing all woven into this. And it's not to fuss at you, but the answer to your question is not a simple hail Mary, if I could just borrow money, if I could just get this certification, which honestly probably won't work, I didn't even know ask what it is, but it's probably some scam.


But if it wasn't even that, if it's, even if it's legitimate, I don't want this whole thing on you being the only adult or the main adult in this discussion, pulling this wagon along by yourself. And sometimes not. Sometimes always. You have to lay on a, on a table, here's our values and here's what we are are willing to do to get this thing done. And it may be, I'm gonna go to work for one year and our kids are gonna go to school for one year and then we will get back into this homeschooling thing. But with one year of hard work, you going to work full-time. Him taking another job on top of the one he is got, y'all can be debt free And yeah, get a, you know, $2,000 car and get rid of the 13,000. You can do that motorcycle, But you're gonna have to say our values are worth it.


And driving around on a motorcycle without health insurance, I just, I can't think of a less responsible thing a father can do for their kids. It's just not, it's just not wise. It's just not wise. Ask people who work emergency rooms. Yeah, that's what you'll find. Okay. That's the one request my father gave me after all the years in emergency rooms. It, it wasn't, don't do something great. It was, please don't ever get a motorcycle. And I said, yes sir. Like man, all the, but This is the police officer father, by the way. Yeah, but you gotta get radical guys. You gotta get radical and he's gotta get on board that That's what's happening here, kiddo. You can do this, you can do it. It's possible, but you're ready to turn the notch up and he's gotta be ready to turn the heat up. This is The Ramsey Show.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order? Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And That's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And There's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. I love these reports so far. Get this, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf, removed me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. It's amazing. So again, that's join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out. You guys.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry in slow motion than file your taxes, but thankfully you don't have to dread filing. When you've got Ramsey Smart Tax, it comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus, with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Dr. John Delony RAMSEY Personality is my co-host. Thank you for joining us. Open phones at Triple eight eight two Five. Five two. Two five. Joel is with us in Cincinnati. Hi Joel. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you. Long time listener. First time caller. Good. How can we help, sir? So, I'm looking to start in a consulting business with a friend of mine. We've both been in the industry for over 20 years, and we're selling our businesses and we're looking to form a consulting company. And I know you don't and I don't want it to be a partnership.


So wondering how else we could structure it, that could be a win-win for both of us. We have similar views on things and he has some skill sets, you know, that are different than mine. So I think we could make a, make a good team, but I wondered how we could structure it without it being a partnership. Okay. If you took on a hundred cases, how many of them would be you? Only him only, and how many would be combined? Because you would need both skillsets? Probably, probably the, I would say probably 85 to 90% would be both of us. There would be a few cases where, you know, his skillset would be the only thing needed and he would be doing it.


And a few that I could handle on my own. But most of them would be a joint effort Because he has, they would need A and B. And you have A and he has B. Yes. Okay. All Right. I'm trying to make sure I grasp the business model. All Right. That lends itself to where most people would go with a partnership. And I'm always against partnerships. It's the only sale that won't ship. The only ship that won't sail is a partnership. And so coaching 10,000 small businesses, the number of them that are still partners 10 years from the start date, other than medical and law is almost zero. Right? They just don't make it a decade, but for various reasons. And life change, life phase, whatever, one works, one doesn't, all that kind of stuff.


So I don't know exactly how to, to structure this o other than to give you an uncomfortable suggestion, but because it's gonna, it's gonna make you flinch when I do it, but I'll go ahead and say it out loud anyway. And that is understood. The more dominant of the two of you own the thing and the other one is the employee. Okay. I had thought about that. Yeah. And so an example of that in my case is I have a, you know, I've got 1100 team members, a $300 million company. Our senior leadership is called an operating board here.


And they're the people that all get paid. They're the top leaders. There's 14 of them out of 1100. They run this company as a group with me and my son, the president, and they get paid off the bottom line of the company. They get paid as if they were a partner, and they make very good money, and they should. Okay. However, they have zero ownership. So the comp, the comp structure is, they share in the comp as if they were in the, in the profits of the company, as if they were a partner, but they don't own anything. Okay? I own it.


So maybe a scenario would be, say if, if I say, okay, you, you know, Jen, you're, you know, you're more dominant. You, you've got a, a better vision of what we're, where we're going. So you start the LLC, we work together, we still do a 50 50 split on that, but you're gonna be the one, Well, or you get paid for your billable hours. That gets paid for his, Okay. So if you jump into a company and you end up putting a hundred hours in it, and he puts 10 in it, they did need a little bit of the B but they needed more a or vice versa. Then you get paid billable hours and a percentage of profits or something like that. You pool your hours, a percentage of your hours and make that, go to the bottom line and, and split that up if you want.


I don't care. But the actual ownership, who actually anything with two heads is a monster. The actual ownership is one person or the other. 'cause at the, the end of the day, I can, I almost never do because I run this place on a collaboration basis. Like it's a partnership in a sense, but with a large number of people. But, but, but because I trust their insights and I trust their intelligence, and I trust their business acumen and so forth to run this business with and for me. So I don't really need to go against them all the time, but I do hold the, the final card. I can play that Trump card, that ownership card on top of the deck and win the end.


Anytime I choose, I do that probably 2% of the time. I doubt delony, I doubt you've ever seen me do it. Have you? I wouldn't say that publicly, Not public. You wouldn't say you, I would admit it publicly that I've seen you do that a couple of times. Oh, you have seen me do it a couple times. Okay. I, I don't, I I honestly don't know. I honestly don't know what In the world that answer even mean. And you use the, he's not one of 'em, by the Way. No, I'm not on the board. I'm on the operating board. Hey, I, I actually like, and no pun on the Trump card, right? I, I actually like, no, I've never seen Dave say this is what's gonna happen. And if anyone else challenges me, you're outta here. I've never seen that happen, ever. I, I knew that I, I actually like the billable hours model because the thing that I hear breaks up these, these tiny teams, is I'm working harder than you.


And so I like you guys building in from day one, an incentive structure that is, I get paid for the hours I'm putting in. And that way you can go to sleep at night knowing I had to work extra. 'cause you took a three week vacation instead of a two week vacation, and I got comped for it. Yeah, That's True. And there's some skin in the game. If he chooses to take a three week vacation, there's some skin in the game. He's not just going to ride off into the sunset on, on the back of you. But You can, you can also say 80% of the billable hour goes to me and 20% goes in the pool. There you go. And the pool creates profit and we split the profit. And so you can create some mix over like that. And that, that's just a comp design that's different than an ownership design. Yeah. And what that changes then is the power flow or structure. And then if you decided, or he decided that you didn't need to be together anymore, you can quit as an employee if you make him the LLC guy.


Or he could say, I'm not, I'm gonna go a different direction. I don't need any employees, or I don't need this type of employee, and I need you to look for something else. And that's a lot easier breakup than a partnership breakup because now we're selling the, you know, we're selling the copier and the desk that the receptionist sits at to try to break this partnership up and split it right down the middle. And it just gets, it's very difficult to break up. And, and so I always recommend trying your best to figure out some other way to build it. And usually a comp structure change mentality is a place to do that. And that's what we teach a lot in entree leadership. Dave, is there such thing as a, as a, I don't know another word for it, a prenup for businesses, for people going into a businesses, there's some kind of, I guess you'd draw it up in a contract.


You can drop it out if you want in a contract, but yeah, In this case it would be called a general partnership agreement. Okay. And it would include all what we always call all the ds. Like if you fire me, then, So what happens in the event of divorce, death, disability, drug use, default disinterest. Okay. I always call 'em the eight Ds. All the bad crap that can happen. Yep. So if you're, if you're in a wheelchair, what happens to your share? Okay. And you can't do this job. You can't do This job anymore. Okay. From a wheelchair. Maybe you can't, maybe you can, maybe you can't. But I mean, if you lose the ability due to some kind of disability to do the job, obviously if you die, what happens to your share with your wife? Gotcha. You know, if you get into, if you start doing cocaine, what are we gonna do? Yeah. You know, so it's a default drug use disinterest. I just don't wanna do this anymore. That's disinterest default is I quit coming to work, but I want my half.


I had a guy do that on me one time. Yeah, yeah. He was saying we ran a deal together and he just quit coming, and then he wanted his half. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Uhuh bubble. That's not how this works. So, but I would've liked to have been in that room, that conversation. Oh, No, you wouldn't. It was not, it was still not fun. It was a long time ago, but I just hate that, that's how I learned all this crap is doing it wrong. And so, anyway, that, that's where we get to. So guys figure out some other way, two old, two guys that, that's two great guys right there. Yeah, exactly. And that's the worst. And they're great friends, And they're, that's the, and it just seems like it's gonna work. Yeah. And it's not. Yeah. And they're, and they're, they're great friends. They're both great employees. They're both good thinkers.


Yeah. And then life happens. Yeah. And you know, two guys having a beer decide they're gonna start a construction company and here we go. Yeah. Nope. Don't think so. Oh, we're gonna just, we've all got a hammer. Let's, let's do it. You know? Well, It's the thing you talk about. You Got a hammer. I got a hammer. Let's Do it. It's the thing you talk about with it, it's the family, right? It's the wife that says, Hey, don't you own this company? We can go another week. And the the brother-in-law that's like, yeah. Yeah. It's not actually the two guys usually. It's actually some, It's some, some weird cousin comes. It's Congenial crap. Yeah, exactly. Exactly what it's, it's, it's, everything's going good until his kid hit somebody head on and he's been in a lawsuit and yeah. Ugh. This is 20 years of hearing these stories.


This is The Ramsey Show.


As an investor in a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news. Timothy Plan offers investments for people who want to be intentional about where their money goes. As the pioneering force in biblically responsible investing. Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider funds investment objective risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs, distributed by four side fund services, LLC.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items, only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Pre-order today,


Dr. John Delony, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host. Chris is in Orlando. Hi Chris, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, Dave, how are you guys? Better than we deserve, man. What's up in your world? Just calling in and living the dream, man. I love listening to you guys. I grew up with you guys in my household and super cool to be here. Thanks for having us. Well, good to have you. I see on my screen you're a baby steps millionaire. Tell me about it. What's your net worth? We're right at 1.1 million. Good for you. And how long, how old are you? I recently turned 30 and my wife is 27. All Right. You're young millionaires. So you grew up, I mean, you were like a kid listening to this stuff. How do you get there at 30 freaking years old?


Well, so in our house, debt was a common word, so by the time I got old or older, I hated the word. So didn't want anything to do with it. I honestly thought you were like a long lost uncle for how long you, for how much you've been mentioned in our household. So it was awesome. So my parents taught us your principal, but also shared your, their shortcomings and it really just gave my brother and I just a tremendous opportunity to, to not make the same mistakes stated. So What's your household income? Well, So we have a, a business, it brings in about 400,000 a year. I pay myself right around a hundred, 120,000.


And my wife recently left her job as a teacher to come work with us full time. So she works with a business now. Wow. Very good. Good for you. Okay. And what, what kind of business is it? It's actually a wedding company, So we do, so, funny enough, I'm actually a dj. So I started off DJing and we grew a wedding company. My wife left being a school teacher to be a coordinator. So now she's able to stay home. We're actually expecting our first baby in September. Yay. So your, is your home, is your home paid for? So that's, it's not paid for yet. And you know, that's something we're, we're working on. Got it. So we have some liquid cash and that's the only debt we have right now is the home.


So what is the net worth made up of that? You made a million dollar net worth by 30? Yes, sir. Yeah, it's savings and checkings. We have about 550 of liquid cash and then we have another 6,000. My wife's savings account, we have about 140,000 in general investment. So like the index funds, mutual funds. Then we have a Roth 401k that we set up for our business. We have about 16 and a half in that. And then my wife as a school teacher, she had a 4 0 3 B 30 30 K in that. And then we have a Roth 401k as well as ira. So the pattern sounds like that you're a ridiculous saver and you've never borrowed money except the house in your life.


That's about right. That's about right. What do you drive? Okay, so I drive a 2014 Nissan Versa, a 2008 Mustang that needs a new battery. And then I have a, this is for the business. We bought our one new vehicle. We have a 2023 Honda Odyssey minivan. And your wife drives that? Yeah. Well actually, funny enough, I have adopted the minivan until the Mustang gets the battery fixed, but yes, yes, he does love it. Okay. All Right. But it's kind, I mean, 'cause you know, federal law, his wife gets the good car. That's right. That's right. And if I want a happy life, we need to keep it that way. That's it. Yeah. Okay. You're doing great, man.


Congratulations. How's it feel to be a millionaire at 30? You know what? It it, it's liberating, right? It's liberating, but it doesn't feel all that different. I mean, I, you know, money can go as fast as it comes in. So for me, it, it's very freeing. We don't have to think about our finances in, in the same way that you normally would have to in life. We're able to, to travel and do our thing, but it doesn't really feel that different because it, you know, I know how fast it can go. That $550,000, how much of that would it take to pay your house off today? About 200. What are you waiting on? What are you Doing, man? So, that's a good question. So that's kind of like the next thing we're working on.


So we actually we're, I'm just trying to, you know, make sure that our life is in order for the, the new baby coming. So I, it's in Order have 300,000. It's In order. You have 300 grand left over, do it today. You're 30 years old and you're a millionaire and you make $400,000 a year. You're, you're in good shape, man. Just get On hold, do it, and then come back on and do a screen Old, that old uncle that was in your old house when you were growing up just said pay off your house. Yeah, exactly. Wow. Pay it off, dude. You have 500 grand in Cash in your save in your checking account. Yeah, dude. Pay it off man today. And then call us back in hour three and you can do your debt free scream. That'd be cool. We'll put you on, I promise. Hey, congratulations Chris. Well done.


Well done. I was curious what these millionaires, particularly young millionaires, what they're driving. It's very interesting. You know what the average is is a three-year old Toyota For just across the board. Yeah. Toyota and three of some kind three years old Land Cruiser, whatever, Tundra whatever. Yeah. Taco, whatever, all that stuff. But I mean, they're driving some kind of stinking Toyota, maybe a Honda or maybe a Camry. Might be a Ford F-150. Yeah. But somewhere in that range is what you get two to three years old. That's the typical millionaire. What they're driving. And now these are not billionaires. These are millionaires. And a million is, you know, a billionaire is a thousand million.


Yeah. These aren't a hundred million. These aren't 50 millionaires, right? No, They're, they're, they're not even 10 millionaires. They're one millionaire. That means their net worth what you own minus what you owe is a million dollars. But for you young parents, I think we just found the formula. Put this show on and just play it over and over for the whole time. Your children are being raised until they hate my name and Get a, get an old frame and just put Dave's picture in it. This is our uncle. This is the uncle. Yeah. This is Our, our our long lost grandpa. He went away to the gold mines. We never saw him again. Exactly. And He's just hollering about something there in Nashville. He was yelling about something down in a hole somewhere. Exactly. And, but it's something about debt free or something, I don't know.


But Yeah, I can't wait one day someone's gonna bring their kid on the deaf free stage and be like, uncle Dad. I think it's, that's really him. We found him. It's happened before. I kinda worry about it. But yeah. So that's why we call them financial peace babies. There we go. That's what that is. They were raised on financial peace. We don't call them Dave Babies because we don't want people to be Confused now. I just think that would be amazing. Financial peace babies. What? They're, we had thousands of Dave babies Across the country. There's lots of financial peace babies. No Dave babies, but three. That's it. So America, I'm, I'm interesting you guys to get this thing going. People have read it. Y'all have come after me for a long time. You can, you can make it up for me right now. Dave. Babies. No, no.


I've, I put a, I put at the end on that a long time ago. Alright, open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. In all seriousness, the beauty of taking a ba, why we call them baby steps millionaires, is they became millionaires by following the baby steps. You can become a millionaire a lot of ways. You just need a net worth what you own, minus what you owe your assets, minus your liabilities is a million dollar net worth. That is a better measure of your progress with money than your income. 'cause you can make a lot of money and have none. So your income is irrelevant if you don't do something with it. And so, you know, the growth of your net worth is actually the growth of your wealth.


That's the proper measure of your wealth building. And so watching that number and measuring that, we're actually building out a tool in the EveryDollar team is working on it now in beta. And we're gonna have a net worth measurement tool built into your EveryDollar budget so it pops up. And so as you pay off a debt, your debt goes down, your net worth goes up. Hey, that's a, that's a number that most people don't know. I remember the first time my buddy who works, works in finance, I said, Hey, calculate my net worth for me. And he said, All Right. And So we pulled up my bank statements and my, what I owed, It was Negative. Oh, it was red. And he still marks that as one of the top three hardest he's ever laughed in his life. I was like, it's negative. And he is like, yeah, dude, you have negative net worth. And I was like, it's gonna take five years to get to zero.


But it was a, it was a hilarious, but I did, I had no idea. I just thought, oh, my net worth's probably about, I just had no idea. That tool will be great. Yeah. Just having something there where you look at, these are my investments, these are my debts, these are the things I own that are assets, these are my debts. And of course, no debt makes it real easy to calculate. Right? And so that, that's how we measure this stuff and how you help, help you go forward with it. So it's a good thing. And a million dollar net worth at, at age 30, which, you know, if it's invested, say not in a checking account, but maybe at something that made 10%, it will double every seven years. So at 37 it'd be two. At 44 it'd be four. At 51 it would be eight.


At 59 it would be 16 million. At 66 it would be 32 million. If he never adds anything to it and kept it invested at an average of 10%, that's compound interest. The eighth wonder of the world, Einstein called it. This is The Ramsey Show.


I talk to people every day who want to know how to do better in two areas, money and relationships. That's why I am pumped to bring the money and relationships tour to a city near your join me and Dr. John Delony for a night that will challenge the way you think about this stuff and possibly change how you live forever. Starting April 21st will be in Louisville, then on to Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour before they're gone.


RAMSEY show question of the day is brought to you by why refi feeling stuck with defaulted private student loans. Why refi can reduce your payments, help you get control of your money. And that loan for sure take the first step by getting unstuck visit. Why refi.com/ RAMSEY? That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states, Right?


Today's question comes from Amber in Maine. Amber writes, I'm a 39-year-old divorced mother of three with an annual income of about a hundred thousand dollars. I worked hard to maintain the same lifestyle for my kids that they had before the divorce. So my budget is tight. My 30 5-year-old boyfriend wants to move in with me. I enjoy his company, but he only makes 40 grand a year. And he works fewer hours than I do. He thinks he can't earn more money than he currently does. He's happy to help with cleaning and cooking, but can also be resentful when I ask for help. He also can't afford a 50 50 financial split, which has me questioning whether I'm being foolish by allowing him to move in, especially when he can't contribute. Equally, how should we handle finances and household responsibilities?


Or am I making a mistake by bringing him into my home under these circumstances? Oh geez, Dave. Dang man. Yes, Amber, you wanna break up with him? Just call it. Just call it. Yes, please, please, please, please don't let him move into your home. And not, because he can't quote unquote earn 50 50 split, but because It, 'cause the only thing you like about him is his looks, Right? He, no, I don't even think that. She didn't even say he's really good looking. She just says, enjoy. I know I just made that up. I had to be Some redeeming value in this guy. I like him sitting next to me on the couch when we're both playing TikTok. I, I don't think you play TikTok, but anyway, listen, you don't, don't settle and don't have him move in.


You don't respect him. You don't love him in that way. You don't wanna build a life with him. He's convenient right now, and you are very, very much alone. I'd much rather see you get some friends and begin to tackle that part of your life and to stop, stop guilt budgeting. And what I mean by that is when people get divorced, they often think, I've gotta keep everything the same 'cause so that way it affects my kids. Not that much. Listen, your kids have been fully affected. I'd much rather them have that full effect. And a mom that's not stressed every month when it comes to money and not considering letting this knucklehead move in. Somebody that you don't respect, even love, move in and play house with. Yeah. Don't do that.


Let's recon, let's reimagine the whole thing. But to answer your question, yes, please don't let this guy move in with you. You've done so much to take care of your kids. Don't signal your daughter that settling is a good idea. Yeah. Don't tell. Don't give her that example. Settling iss not a good idea. It's a long freaking life. Yeah. You settle. Don't do that. And, and you're definitely doing that here. You're definitely, you know, you know, I was talking to, I was on a leadership podcast earlier this morning. We're talking about hiring people a bit of a corollary, but not exactly, it's not the same thing, obviously. But sometimes when we desperately need a job done and we own a company, like I've got this slot that's been open for, you know, four months we've been trying to find somebody to do this work.


We can't find somebody to do this work. Then you get, you, you tend to get aggravated and you settle and you go, I gotta put somebody in there for god's sakes. And this guy's, this guy can fog up a freaking mirror. Let's put him in there. And it never works out. Never. You hire when you settle when you're hiring people. And I understand they're different, but they're the same. Yeah, No, it's, it's, it's, you know, in your guts. Yeah. Right. You know, in your guts, you're Making a mistake, you're gonna screw up the organization. And These are long-term mistakes. Yeah. They, they don't, they don't not undone quickly or easily. And the unintended consequences. You're signaling the entire rest of the people that this is who you are. When you hire this person, when you let this guy in the house, you're showing your kids that this is all you think you're worth.


Or you almost always, in my case, I can think of a couple of hires that, man, golly, I wish I could have 'em back and I overrode my team. Or I can guarantee you these three kids don't super love having this guy around because they can feel that mom doesn't even respect this guy. He doesn't, he's not respectable. And you're gonna override the kids. Right. So you always go against the people in your life when you do stuff like that. Hmm. Good point. Just man, just don't, Amber, just don't, Amber, We love you and you're, you're worthy of better. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Because you're a rockstar. I mean, you're a warrior princess. You're out there making a hundred k raising three kids. You know the mama bear fighting your way through the thicket and you know, don't put some guy riding your coattails.


Oh my God. No thank you. Oh no, you're, you're worth more than that, kiddo. Open phones at Triple eight, eight two five five two two five. You jump in. Nico is in Newark, New Jersey. Hi, Nico. What's up? Morning guys. How you doing? What's Up? How can we help? All Right, so I know we talk about debt a lot. I'm doing that right now. I did the first baby step, but that's been done for like years. And you talk about debt and getting rid of it, and I fully understand that. But my question was, there's a few, like between you, Graham, Norton and a couple other people that talk about, like just don't have a credit card in general. How can you not have a credit card but build enough credit to eventually buy a house?


I bought a house within the last year with a credit score of zero. I'm assuming that's what it was. Or it said something like a credit, not, what is it? Credit not, Yeah, not available. I not available. I, I have no score. And they do a, a process called man manual underwriting. Hmm. And it's the way they did it up until just a few years ago where somebody actually looks at like, dude, you can have $10 million in cash in your checking account and have bad credit. It has no bearing on how much wealth you have. It just, it's just a marker. Basically. It's like a, it's like a dating site that tracks how you've, how well you've dated in the past and gives you a dating score.


It just does that except with debt. That's It. It's your, I love debt score. How much have I played kissy face with the bank? Oh man, That's it. And so it's a, it's a pain in the butt. You have to sit down and go through some extra worksheets and they wanna know how much money do you actually have? Do you actually pay bills on time? Are you actually employed? Things that actually matter as to whether they're gonna get their money back. So Nico, I add one more thing. The, we did the largest study of millionaires ever done in North America. The RAMSEY research team did, it's about four years ago, and we ended up studying 10,167 of them. It's a huge, massive study.


Detailed airtight research. Okay. And we asked these millionaires in detail multiple questions and to determine how they became millionaires. Did they inherit their money? Did someone give them their money? Did they win the lotto? Are they professional athletes? Where does money come from? Where does wealth come from in America today? 89% of them did not become millionaires because of inherited money. Okay. That's number one fact. Lemme tell you the number out of 10,000 millionaires that we talked to, the number of them that said, the reason I became a millionaire was my credit score is awesome.


How many out of 10,000? Precisely zero. So don't buy a lie from broke people that are going, well, you need to build your credit score Nico, because that's what all the broke people do. That way we can borrow money up to our freaking eyeballs and we can't breathe. But we have a nice eight 80 score. We paid $150,000 in interest for this eight 80 score. And no one gives a crap. 'cause I have bought a bunch of stuff with money. I don't have to impress people I don't really like, and I have a score that doesn't mean anything except I have given the bank half of my freaking life and I can't breathe because some moron told me a few years ago that I need to get a credit card and build my credit score.


That's how it works. Really, Nico just wouldn't want you to miss out, buddy. Just, Hey, listen, Nico, opt out of the system, man. Yeah, just don't play. Yeah, Don't, just don't play. Get off the Grid for me in my house. I'm, I'm out. I'm out. Stay Off the grid. Everybody is hurting. Haven't found anybody this works for except Citibank. I'm out. What's in your wallet? Money. I don't have any of your freaking plastic in my wallet. That's what's in my wallet. That's how this works. Boys and girls. Oh my gosh. So good Question. Nico, thanks for, thanks for Asking. It's a really good question. Thank you. And letting, thank you for letting me get on my little soapbox. Welcome To our gang, man. Good for me. I need to use this caffeine I have for something, but the, yeah, that's, you know, the truth is that I do not find people among the wealthy who have used credit to get there.


Yeah. How many of you borrowed your way into wealth? Oh, none. Yeah, that's how this works. So don't need a credit score buddy. What you need is money stacked and stacked. And stacked. That'll work. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is Search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad. Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.