
Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, RAMSEY personality, PhD in counseling number one bestselling author, host of The Dr. John Delony Show, and a couple other things he does around here. He's my co-host today. So we're gonna talk about you right in front of you, baby. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Boise, Idaho is up. And that's Britta. Brittany, is it Brittany, is that right? Yes, sir. Hi, Brittany. How can we help?


Hi there, Dave. I was calling for some advice on how to handle a very financially abusive relationship regarding my mother and father. Hmm. Talk me through it. Okay. The basics are my parents are still together and I'm, I'm in my thirties. It wouldn't be a big deal for me if it was just my mom and dad, but the problem lies with my parents raising the next generation. They actually raised my sister's twin daughters who are now 10. And I am terrified that it's gonna ruin their upbringing like it kind of did mine. Hmm. What, what's going on? What are they doing?


My mother is financially reckless. I mean, for years. I mean, she did prison time for stealing from her employer when I was 16. Once she got out, she took out false loans in my name, my father's name, false grants through the state. And she's just been financially reckless on credit cards in her name and my dad's name. And it's just left them in financial ruin. Wow. She's not only reckless, I mean, she's like a criminal. She's a toxic human being. Yeah. Wow. So what does Your dad do and the problem? Well, once he finds out about certain things, he does have a verbal confrontation with her, but he rolls over and, and peace on himself basically.


And he won't stand up to her. And I think his spirit is just so beats that he won't stand up for himself at all. And I'm just left here as the, the auntie who's trying to make sure that her nieces don't go through the same situation that I went through as a child. So you, you experienced all of these things as a child while, 'cause she was doing the exact same behavior and he was doing the same behavior. You, you talked about that twice. How, how do you think it affected you? Because you sound pretty adjusted to me. No, well, thank you Lot. I'm not saying it didn't hurt. I'm not saying there wasn't a problem, but yeah. Lots of therapy there. You, you know, was it lots of therapy? Is that what did it? Therapy helped a lot removing myself from the toxic situation. My mom kicked me out when I was 17.


Ah, okay. Right after she got outta prison because there was a, a, a fight between us on, you know, the vehicle situation after she got out. So I, you know, I had to grow up real fast. I raised my younger sister for the last four years of her life. How does somebody with a criminal record get custody over two seven year olds? Because it was over 10 years after the fact. So after 10 years, their felony is erased or expunged from their record after seven, I believe. Okay. So, and they were in the system. So they, they went through the process to do parenting classes and become foster parents and they got custody of the younger two. So whenever I hear a, a conversation like this, I always wanna ask the, what feels like an obvious question, but it's only obvious when you're looking from the outside.


It's really hard to see on the inside what of this can you do anything about. And the way you've outlined it, you can't do anything about your mom's behavior. She's been who she's been forever. You can't do anything about your dad's behavior. He's been who he is forever. And The state has awarded these children. Right. So what can you actually control here? I guess you could sue for custody if you wanna take the two girls, or you can have this big, like I could do that this big, I call it like a William Wallace type speech to your dad. And maybe you'll get through to him. Which I can tell you right now, you won't. Like I, and so I'm wondering No, I've Already done that. There you Go. Right. So what are you looking for? Like what are you hoping happens?


Maybe some advice on how to proceed. 'cause I know my mom's a lost cause for me, given our history, we Don't, dad is too, don't Talk. We're not on speaking terms. Your dad is too. He's made a, that's a, that's I guess the, the tough pill. It is. Behavior's. A language. And he's told you for the last 20 years he's not interested in your advice or wisdom and that's really hard to hear or know. Yeah. And I'm saying it kind of callously and direct. But he doesn't care what you have to say. No, he doesn't. It never affects his actions. Exactly. Right. And I convinced him two or three times to leave her. And he's always on board and he, you know, I have a, a big house with a basement that him and the girls can move in with me. 'cause I have a 10-year-old too. I mean, I have, I have four kids and we have plenty of space for them.


And I'm like, dad, just get away. Just get away. Every time you do this, this just damages you. It damages your soul, it damages your spirit. It's affecting those girls and you're teaching them and conditioning them that this is okay behavior and it's not. And it took me years to figure that out myself. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know if I should just wash my dad off and be like, daddy, I love you. You're my favorite person in the whole world, but I cannot, I know that you, you in the, I don't know that you wash him. I don't know, you wash your hands of him. He's still your dad. But he Is my favorite human being. Entire world. Do you might like trying to fix Him. Yeah. You live in reality. Yeah. So I guess that's what I was asking for is just maybe a secondary opinion on, on looking at this from the outside and telling me I'm doing everything I can the right way and there's no fixing them.


Right. Because they don't want to be fixed. Exactly. There you go. And that's Really the, the hardest things in adulthood is that other adults are allowed to misbehave and you can't make 'em not if they called here, I can hang up on 'em and move on to the next one, but, but I can't make, I can't make them go on and do it. Right. Yeah, exactly. I wish they would. 'cause I know what would happen if they did change. And, and I know that this can be fixed. I know that, you know, the power of God in their life, for instance, could intersect either your mom, dad, or both. And you know, in a matter of months I've seen people change their whole households and then they seek out the therapy to finish the work and they do all the stuff they need to do, but none.


You know, my grandmother used to say those convinced against their will are of the same opinion still. And so that, that you're just, you know, you're just barking at a brick wall is what you're telling us. I mean, so I I think you pray for 'em and I, and I think if you ever think of someone that might speak into their life that they might listen to, 'cause it's not you that you send that person over there. If there's an uncle or a cousin or someone that they admire or a pastor that they say they like, have them speak into it. 'cause maybe they have a foothold. Maybe they have a toehold of credibility. But, And you might write, you, you might write your father a letter and just call it my last, my last, my last letter.


Right. And I'm still gonna love you. I just need you to see in writing, you always have an open door at my house. Yeah. And maybe when you start talking and start lecturing him, he shuts you off. Like he shuts off his wife. That's just his default setting. But maybe around the glow of, you know, the refrigerator at 11 o'clock at night when all the other lights are off in the house. He reads that letter and he exhales and says, I'm gonna go. I, I wish that would happen. I, I know. And have you, have you, are you married? Are you guys saying that, are You married that I could reach out to married? I am married. I'm happily married. Yes Sir. So, so have you and your husband talked about taking in the two girls? Is that a possibility? You know, I was married before when they were born to my ex-husband and having a new baby ourselves, he refused to let me take the twins in 'cause they were drug addicted.


They were in the NICU and he refused to let me take them in. But what I did is I raised them in the form of daycare until they went to kindergarten. Okay. But What about right, what about right now? Right now? No, they're in school. Did no. Would you, would you take them if they would let you? Oh, Absolutely. 100%. Okay. Make that, make that offer in the letter then. There You go. Yeah. Maybe make that offer and say, we would love to let them grow up around their cousins and take that burden from you guys. Yeah. You guys deserve to be free in your retirement years. There you go. And you know, we, we, that'd be an interesting thing to see happen, but yeah, I, I think you're right. You just gotta lay it out there. Yeah. It's heartbreaking man. It's heartbreaking. Heartbreaking. We don't do grief in this culture.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet.


I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Dr. John Delony, RAMSEY Personality, PhD in counseling is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. New Hampshire is on the line. Garrett's calling. Hi Garrett, how are you? Good. How are you? Better than I deserve, sir. How can we help? I've racked up about $156,000 in business debt and I've kind of been contemplating bankruptcy and I didn't know if maybe you thought I should or maybe had other advice or options. Wow. I'm sorry. It's scary, isn't it?


Yeah. Yeah. Are are you, are you married? No. Okay. How old are you? 25. Okay. And what do you owe the business debt on? What kind of debt is this? Credit cards or vendors or So about, so 30,500 is vendors. $55,000 is, I was dumb and took out a merchant cash advance. And then I owe my parents like $65,000. Okay. And then another, another vendor 72 50.


7,250. Yes, sir. Okay. All Right. And what kind of business is this? Or was it, I sell cabinets and countertops. Okay. All Right. And so a merchant advance on what? Yes, so my, like future revenue, basically, I gave them my bank statements and then they said, we'll give you this much. And it was like a daily payment. And then last year in 2024, I had a very slow time and it pretty much just took me for everything I had. Yeah.


That, that one got you. It was a payday lender of your world. Yeah. Because the interest rates, the interest rate's also ridiculous. Correct? Yes. Okay. And so what method do they have access to your current checking account? Is that how they they clean you out every so often? They were, I've since put like stop payments on 'em and I'm actually, I was working with like a, or am technically still working with a consolidation agency, but that, that cost is like $1,200 a week, which I can kind of do. But it's, it's hard to manage that. And every time I miss a payment, they're threatening to cancel the program and it's non-refundable and it's still another $28,000 I have to pay into it before they'll negotiate with 'em.


And Yeah. I I think you stopped that immediately too. You, you jumped from the frying pan into the fire, didn't you? Yeah. Yeah. I panicked and yeah. Yeah, I did all that before I'd kind of talked to anyone about it. Right now, pretty much my whole family knows and I've been a little more open lately. Yeah. So I've been getting like some more advice. Yeah. Okay. So are you, if you didn't have this mess, did you do all this because you weren't making money? No, I was, I was doing pretty well and then I, I took a lot, a pretty sizable loss on a job. And I also got a little full of myself after like a really good four month stretch and I fell behind on my bookkeeping, which looking back that was kind of the debt that was like my detriment to it all.


Knowing You did not knowing, did a really good job in two sentences describing what happened. 'cause that's exactly what happened. I can smell it. You're yeah, you're, you're really on top of that. That's very well done. You weren't doing your books. One job. You got, you got out too far over your skis on and they set you up for a fall and you were feeling invincible. Those three things together put you here. I believe you. That's well done. Congratulations. That's a, most people aren't that self-aware when they're in this much pain. Well done. Proud of you. We work with entrepreneurs and have for years. I've been bankrupt when I was your age, so I know exactly how it feels to be where you are. So the way we fix this is we take the things that are working and we apply them in a forced rank order of importance.


Bankruptcy's not gonna solve it. 'cause you can't bankrupt mom and dad. You can legally, but you're not going to, right. You're gonna pay them. No. So half of this almost is one thing and it's them. Okay? Yes. So the rest of it is 90,000 bucks worth of stuff. How quick can we make that? Now let's pretend that you were just operating properly. You weren't out over your skis, you weren't taking jobs that could take you down. You weren't feeling over your feeling and you weren't borrowing any money. What can you make in this business? What kind of profit in a year can you make if you just started fresh? So last year I did about $400,000 of revenue.


Right. And I have a, my margins are right around 31%. Okay? So you can make a hundred grand, you can make a hundred grand a year. And you have a $90,000 problem. Yes. Because mom and dad aren't, mom and dad aren't pressuring you. No. But okay, You wanna pay 'em. But they're, they can be, they can be at the end of the list. And that's okay. Yes. Okay. So now here's overhead. Here's what idea's nice as well. What Vendors do you have to pay to keep supplies coming to keep the business open? What do dollar amount does that represent? Pretty Much the, the 37,000?


Not entirely. Yeah, I didn't think so. Half of that. 14, 17. Yeah, about 20. Gotcha. Okay. About 20,000. You need to get on the phone with them first. And we need to get on a program with them where we're going to clear them first. And in return, they're gonna keep sending you supplies. COD Yeah. I have been, I've been paying them. It, it was a large amount. Now Listen, I'm giving you a program. I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm not asking for the story now. I'm telling you what to do. Okay? Okay. Get on the phone with them and set up a program to pay $37,500 plus your new, new material needs going forward out of your a hundred. It's the first thing you do.


The merchant people tell them they're not getting paid maybe ever, but they're certainly not getting paid right now. You're gonna sit on the sidelines and we're gonna settle up later. If you wanna sue me, sue me, but I don't have any money. And if you sue me, I'm gonna file bankruptcy and you're gonna get nothing. So you need to just sit over there until I can get this thing cleaned up and then I'm gonna come pay you off. Okay? You have a conversation with them, but you give them no more money and no more access to your business. You go make a hundred a year, 120 a year. You clean up your vendors first and then you keep the cash flow running. You keep your books up to date and then you call them. Then you save up 30,000 bucks and you call the merchant people that you owe 55 to and you settle with them for pennies on the dollar.


Then you go pay mom and dad the next year. Right. You're out of debt. I just got you outta debt in three years. Sounds, sounds good to Me. It's, it's, it's doable. What I just described is very doable. I've done it a thousand times. Now the trick is you gotta believe it and you gotta be tough enough to run off these people that have been scaring the crap outta you. They've been running your life emotionally. They live in your head rent free. Can you tell I've been there? Yes. Yes, for Sure. It's no fun. And, and, and you feel like, you know, they're, they're saying you're not a good guy and you're a good guy that made a mistake. You're not an evil person.


You didn't set up a business to go screw somebody. Right? You're just a young guy that made some mistakes and now you gotta go clean up your mistakes. You can file bankruptcy if you want, dude, but you're still gonna have to pay your parents. And you did all of it over 90 grand that I just settled for somewhere around 50. And you shouldn't file bankruptcy when you have the ability to make 120 a year. Not morally, but I mean mechanically. You shouldn't file bankruptcy when you got the ability to make 120 a year and 50 grand clean up your mess. 'cause you're gonna pay the 37. Okay? You're gonna pay the 37,000 worth of vendors. 'cause you gotta keep them in your life. The other people, you're gonna settle for 50 cents on the dollar and then you're gonna call mom and dad and pay 'em as quick as you can and never borrow money again from anyone, not even your parents.


Have you learned your lesson? Yes. Yeah. You can do this Garrett. You can really do this. I promise you can. Isn't that cool? Yeah. It's the masterclass on when we get scared, man, we go to fight or flight, we stop thinking and sometimes they just takes someone to, to sit down and say, Hey, here's a plan. Here's The forest, here's the trees. Yeah. Yeah. Don't burn everything down. I'm lost. I'm lost in the woods. We don't have to burn the forest. Yeah, That's exactly right. Just gotta cut that two trees over there and then we can get out and Then, but you gotta keep walking. Yeah. Just Keep moving, keep moving, keep moving. And the good news about this guy is he's really smart 'cause he quickly self analyzed. Very unusual. Very unusual. This is The Ramsey Show.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news Knock box. That's n Okay. Box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy Memories not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts and other personal history. And one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's n okay box.com/ RAMSEY.


Dr. John Delony, PhD in counseling. My co-host today jumping out on the microphone to join us for a segment. My friend Jefferson Fisher. And John's a longtime friend, Jefferson Fisher. He's a trial lawyer, writer, speaker. His works dedicated to helping people communicate during life's everyday arguments and conversations. If you've ever seen him on Instagram, on Facebook, it's, his stuff is absolutely brilliant. This stuff on communication.


The new book is the next conversation. Argue Less, talk more. He's one of the speakers at the upcoming Entree Leadership Master series that will be in, it's not Master Leadership summit. Yeah. It's in May. In Denver, may 18 through 21. He'll be hanging out with us there. We're excited to have him be exposed to all those entrepreneurs. There'll be about 3000 of them there.


And so welcome. Good to have you, my friend. Thank you very Much. I'm honored to be here. And of course I learned everything from Dr. Delony. Continue. You can continue. No, I, I told him earlier on, Dave, when me and my faculty friends at the law school there would, would talk, we would all know, Hey, we all need to be nice to Jefferson 'cause we're probably all gonna be working for him someday. So we all knew that Jefferson's been brilliant since everybody Know. So the short version of the story is you were at the university where he was in law school, Correct? Yes. He was already a student when I showed up. He was a student. I can't claim him. It was my last Year there. That's right. Yeah. Your first year. That's right. That's right. In an indirect way. He is a former student and that's funny. I claimed that Exactly True. Okay. Alright. Very cool. So how did you get, I guess, trial lawyer?


Yeah. You get drug into the idea of argue, let's talk more. How do we have a conversation? How do we control an uncontrollable Yes. Situation? How, how do you intersect these things and reset the conversation is I guess that's what drug you into it. Yeah. Studying to be a trial lawyer. Well, It's really just a, a truly a gift that my parents have prayed for. They've always prayed for wisdom in the sermon over my life. And I, I learned to communicate well at a early age. So my mom can tell you I probably spoke too much, but being a trial lawyer certainly honed that skill of just dealing with conflict. Okay. So we, there's a lot of conflict out there right now.


There really is a lot of division, a lot of anger. I mentioned your stuff on social media. Anytime you put something there, you get, you get trolled anytime you stick your head up and your, your site's massive, your footprint's huge on this, so you got people coming at you all the time. But in a society where people don't know how to communicate, how, how, how are you navigating that in teaching? Hmm. I I teach that arguments are not something to win. You never wanna win an argument because you start to lose the relationship. Instead, you wanna see arguments as something to unravel, find the knot in the conversation and start to unravel it rather than tugging your way and me tugging mine. And so when you go into the conversation with something to learn rather than something to prove, you're gonna walk away with a much better communication.


All Right, I'm gonna use that tonight when I get home. Yes, Exactly. Exactly. I'm not gonna try to win the argument. Well, And, and, and, and Jefferson, I think that's important because we often are looking for feelings, right. We're looking for some sort of emotion to let this relationship know it still has got spark to it. Right. Right. And So we end up fighting and fighting and fighting instead of asking the harder question. And you taught me this. Yeah. Like, what do we, what do we both want with this conversation? Yeah, Absolutely. And at the same time, we are trying to replace connection with transaction. Like you're meant to feel the warmth of a smile, not read it in an emoji. Yeah.


And so too often we replace one for the other when all you have to do is just pick up the phone. Hmm. And most people don't wanna do that Nowadays. Why not? I think it's much easier to stay safe and not feel like you can be direct or aggressive or say what you need to say. You'd much rather kind of stand in the back. But if you really wanna level up your life, you, you have to practice the skill of disappointing people. Mm. You have to practice the skill of being direct and saying what you need to say. You can still be kind, you can still show grace. But at the same time, to, to avoid clarity is to create confusion We say around here to be on with our team being unclear with the team is to be unkind. Yes. Yeah. It is in the name of being Southern and nice.


Mm. We're passive aggressive and we don't deal with It. It bless his heart. Yeah. Blesses heart. Yeah. Hey, I wanna give you a wild, I'm, and this is just a story that's coming to my mind. Let's pretend you're a mid-level professional and you have a very opinionated, outspoken CEO that runs your company. Who would That be? I know what you're talking about. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just, again, this is total, I'm just making this up on the fly here. Yeah, yeah. You're saying what are some tips you could give a guy like me on how to honor and respect the person that I work for, but also challenge? Hmm. Well, you wanna make sure that you say what you need to say right up front. People believe that confidence is something that you need to say everything all at once.


Confidence is very quiet, insecurities are very loud. And so when you're always just holding it in or feeling like you know better and you only wish, I could only just say people that are in positions of power or positions of superiority, they will appreciate the more transparent, honest conversation every time. Rather than you trying to be a wallflower and just be a yes man every time. So you, you have to be able to get out front of it and say what you need to say. Put It out, put it out there. Yeah. Every, every time or else you're really doing yourself a disservice. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I've noticed when we're teaching people leading financial peace university classes, for instance, to hold someone accountable to a behavior that you're trying to get them to do for themselves for their own benefit.


I I always tell 'em you have to have your arm around their shoulder before you can smack 'em in the back of the head. Yeah. I mean, there has to be a relationship before you can hold someone accountable. Yes. Yeah. I think that when you, when come at it from a position of making them feel good and close to you, but also being very firm, my dad would say this. He, I would come with him with something that, that I didn't like or, and I needed to vent. He'd say, well, that's fine. You don't have to like it, but you need to understand it. I mean, it was this idea of you can connect with somebody and still be mad at 'em. I can still love you and still be upset. And so he would always say, well, you don't have to, that's fine. You don't have to like it, you just need to understand it. And that allowed me, I mean, I didn't like it when I was young.


I tell that didn't feel that great, but now I'm seeing the wisdom in it that he was allowing me the time to connect with him and truly be on the same page at the same time. Say, well, them's the breaks. This is what it's gonna be. You know, you don't have to like it, it's fine. We're doing it. Yeah. But you don't like it, but you need to see why we're doing it. Exactly. And this is what, and that made the difference. Yeah. That the, if you get the why, then it helps. I'll go back to what you were talking about when you first, when we first turned on the microphone, you said an argument is a knot to be unraveled. And I think the first time as a hard driving person, I ever realized that the best negotiation is a win-win. Yeah. And so trying to find out what the other side needs to win, and there's a similarity to that, I think.


Yeah. The win-win negotiating versus win-lose negotiating right. To what you're talking about. Yeah. I, I like to teach that when you set out to win an argument, you begin to lose the relationship. So if you and I were in an argument and I, as intelligent people do, we like to send that zinger, that thing that's really gonna make the point hit home and zing and hurt him. Congrats. What have you done? You still have to live with this person. You probably still have to work with this person. You've now just won to be first up to apologize most likely. I mean, you've now just had to, you've earned that awkward silence when you still have to pass them in the hallway. You, when you set out to win an argument, you only win contempt. It's, you have to see things as something to learn rather than something to prove rather than pushing my point, I wanna learn more about why you believe what you believe.


I can't, if I have my glass full and you have your picture full, I, I gotta let you pour it all out before I can ever pour anything of what I have into you. And so it's being curious before you start just pushing my way, my way, the highway. But that also means that if I'm sitting with somebody who we are just not gonna come together, I have to be confident enough to push my chair back and head out. Yeah. Or I've gotta be confident enough to say what I need to say and then go on about my day and not, not hope that I can still outsource my Yeah. Self-worth to you. Right. You got It. I mean, and that's why in the book I I set out this framework of how I teach communication is that when you say things, you're gonna say it first with control and you're gonna say it with confidence and you're gonna say it to connect.


When you really have those three main pillars to communication, it's gonna set you up much better for a success. I like to say that most people don't know what they're saying until they're already talking. And so what this book allows him to do is have A-A-G-P-S in point true north. I love It, man. The new book is the next conversation, argue Less, talk more. You can follow him on at Jefferson Fisher on Instagram. And you should, you'll be entertained and educated simultaneously. Good to have you, my friend. Thank you for having me at Monday. Welcome to RAMSEY. Look forward to having you at Summit. Thank you.


Okay, here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan request information at Timothy Plan dot com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you. Timothy Plan dot com Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a funds investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foresite Fund services LLC Dr. John Maloney.


RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thanks for hanging out with us. If you're a business owner or you know, someone who is, that's running a, you know that running a business is hard, we've got a, we've got a new book that we launched the presale on this week called Build A Business. You love mastering the Five Stages of Business. It's out right now for 29 99. You can get over three $50 worth of free bonus items if you buy it. I haven't done a book in four or five years now, so this is my latest. Might be my last. I don't know. You never know. So if you wanna share what we we've learned over the last 30 years, come and check it out. We're gonna show you what we've learned working with 10,000 small businesses and growing RAMSEY from a card table in my living room to where it is today.


Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're on YouTube or podcast, you can click the link in the description.


Our question of today is brought to you by Why refi? If you're struggling with defaulted private student loans, why refi offers a great solution to get you back on track for a low fixed rate and more flexibility? Go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in Allstate.


Alright. Today's question comes from Madison in Ohio. My husband and I have been happily married for six years. The only place where we struggle a bit, I love that a bit is on our finances. My heart is with my babies and raising them while his is focused on money. I'd rather him tell me what our monthly budget is so I can just follow it. But he wants me to be on his level of monetary ambition. We have no debt, save roughly a thousand bucks a month and we have 25 grand in savings if I'm not negatively impacting his goals. And why is it bad that money doesn't excite me like it does him? I feel like finances is his thing and raising our family is mine while support anything he wants.


But I don't wanna lose myself in his ambition. I think they've got more than a bit of a struggle here. Yeah. Yeah. This is a bigger challenge going on, man. Yeah. I I, okay. I'm just, it's it's, it's The Ramsey Show, so I'm just gonna say what I think. Yeah. I'm calling bs I am too. Okay. I, I think this is a bunch of crap. This is the, I think, I think she just wants to be taken care of and by anything she wants anytime. And he said, no, This feels like in counseling, they call it the one down position.


It's like when the, when somebody's mom goes, oh, that's okay. Yeah, I don't want to eat there, but I'll just eat the napkins in the glove box. Right. That'll be fine. It's, that's that. I, We're not gonna buy me a dress. I'll just use the drapes. Right. Im scar hair. I don't want, I don't want to get my fingers dirty, my hands dirty with the money stuff so that you Yeah. The money stuff. I'm, I'm the mom. Right, right, right. Oh, brother, you're killing me here. Okay. Now there is some truth to this and there's a bunch of bold to it too. But the truth is that you're, you're the free spirit. You're not concerned about spreadsheets and that's fine. He's the nerd and he's all into the details. And that's fine. You can function in your strengths, but to what you've done here is you've spent the entire email making him the evil, bad guy that's all money hungry.


And you're the sweet person that loves little children and bull crap. Yeah. If you wanna take care of your kids, you gotta have money to take care of your kids. They, your kids like food. Yeah. And dry diapers and college degrees and whatever. So you gotta do both. So being a grownup mom involves being an adult woman that is raising children involves having enough say and enough involvement in the budget and in where our money is going that I get a vote and I, and I'm in agreement and we're aligned on where we're going. That does not make you money hungry. It does not. And the fact that he has a gift with detail doesn't make him money hungry and doesn't mean he hates children.


So, And, and actually, I, I guess where I can feel my heart rate getting up a little bit, getting a little frustrated is the number of calls I get from wives saying, I wish my husband would just include me. And I have somebody here and now this opposite. He's not, he's, he's speaking spreadsheet, which if he was here, I'd bunk him on the head and say, bro, lead with your heart first. Yeah. And do spreadsheet second. But this is somebody that sounds like they're trying to connect and trying to bring mom in, bring his wife in on the finances and the money, and here's where we're headed, here's what we're gonna buy. And she's kind of beating him up for it. And I, I kind of, I mean, based on this little paragraph here, I honor the fact that he's trying to connect with you, even though you keep saying, I don't want anything to do with the money part, I just wanna do the mom part.


Yeah. I don't want anything to do with evil money. Yeah. I just wanna do the sweet mom. And that just, that really drips off of here and it's insincere. Yeah. You, you want something to do with evil money at the rent end being paid if the light gets cut off and the water gets cut off. Believe me, my wife was there when she had little babies and she was concerned that about that. So anyway, so I, I would say, can we Get to the, the, the root of this, I don't like him. He annoys me. I don't like having conversations with my husband. Let's get to the truth here. Or I'm really kinda spoiled and I don't like to deal with some of this stuff.


We need to get to the root of these things because this is the way some people just operate in the world and it ends up in ash. Yeah. Right. It ends up and then he's gonna get painted as the bad guy. Yeah. He already is. And then He didn't know his wife didn't like him. I don't like you. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So he could, he could take a, the thing, we could give him some help. The help we would give him is, like you said, lead with your heart. Yeah. And say, look, and What does that mean in, in a non, what I believe is, I believe you have something to add to this conversation, honey. Yes. And so your vote counts. I want your vote in this. It doesn't mean you're overwhelmed with money. It doesn't mean I'm overwhelmed with money, but we're two adults trying to make our way through this world. And it involves money or The dreams.


You talk about these babies that you, you just wanna be yours. You've said, I want them to drive this kinda car, go this coming to college. Well, that, that takes us planning right now for that to happen down the road. Let's talk about what we're not gonna do so that we can do some things. That's Right. Let's dream About it together. Let's make that decision together. You, you're, you're way too smart to be a kept woman. Right. And he needs to lead with that rather than we're gonna save a thousand dollars a month and here's a spreadsheet That's right. Which he probably is doing a little bit of that. Of course he Is. Yeah. And the other side of it is, Hey, these are, these are my kids too. I wanna be a dad. Yeah. You don't get to like, just do the kids and I do the mat. Like I want to, I wanna be involved with the kids. And if he's not Madison, then sit down and say, your kids need a dad. Yeah. More than they need a spreadsheet right now.


They, they need you to talk to 'em, hang out with 'em, go do whatever dad's, you know, dad's do in this house. But so ultimately this first line we're have been happily married. I think things are not as great as they seem. Let's be honest with each other and go from there. Yeah. Yeah. We're we're married. Yeah. Yeah. And sometimes it's happy. All Right. Kale is in Edmonton, Canada. Hi Kale. How are you? Hey, good, Dave. How are you doing? Better than we deserve. What's up? It's an absolute pleasure to even speak to you. To be honest, I'm, I'm shaking a bit. I'm call it in lots. Biggest thing for me, love the book, read baby Steps. I have a small business and I'm really torn between personal debt, business savings and what to do.


Like it's, there's no perfect plot for everybody. And, you know, worried about retirement. I got a young, small family. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well, you know, you know, in the business you need to set aside a percentage to grow your retained earnings in the business. A percentage of your profit each month. Yes. Beyond that, beyond that, you bring ev and you need to set aside the money to do the next thing. If you're gonna be buying a piece of equipment, you set aside the money to do that. You beyond that, you need to take the money home and attack the debt. Okay. And so you need to give EveryDollar a name in the business, the business, okay, this much is going to retain earnings and I gotta set aside $10,000 over the next 12 months to buy this piece of equipment.


Or I'm making up something there. But I'm saying that's 800 bucks a month. Yeah, exactly. So I gotta set, I gotta set aside a 800 bucks a month to buy a piece of equipment and that's $10,000 in 12 months. And then everything else is coming home and I'm gonna work on the budget with it. Everything else is coming home and we're gonna attack the debt with it. So there is a perfect plan. It's just a detailed system. And, and then if you're not saving for a piece of equipment that's $800 more you're bringing home, Would you pay yourself? You're mics off? Would you Pay yourself a quote unquote higher salary? If you have personal debt and a small business that's kind of crushing right now. It's not a salary. I mean, I just take everything home that the business didn't need. That's, that's what I mean, all of it. Okay. I just bring all of it home, whether it's salary, whether it's bonuses, whatever you want, whatever It is, dump it all towards my Personal debt.


I'm taking everything outta the business other than what I'm setting aside for retained earnings and other than what I'm setting aside for this marketing program or this piece of equipment. And that's line item in the budget of the business, but then the profit above below that all comes home. Yeah. It's not a vague thing when you make it a vague thing is when it feels like, oh, I, my thing's different. Your thing's not different. Write it down. This is The Ramsey


Show. Hey guys, I'm Jade Warshaw and I wanna talk to you for a quick second about student loan refinancing. If your payment and your interest rate are burying you and you feel like you can't dig out refinancing your student loan debt might make sense. That's because a lower rate could free up more money in your budget and a shorter term could help you pay down your debt faster. So reach out to the student loan refinancing experts today@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY. There you'll find helpful resources like a student loan rate table, a refinancing calculator, and other tools. Plus you can get an initial rate in just a few minutes. Laurel Road offers low competitive rates starting under 5% and you can get your interest rate even lower if you sign up for auto pay. But if your situation is more complex, sign up for a free 30 minute consultation with one of their student loan refinancing experts to get your tough questions answered. Listen, not everybody should refinance their student loan, so make sure you run the numbers. But for some people it is the right move. Learn more@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY to find out more about their student loan refinancing. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. This is a baby steps millionaire's theme hour. If you've never been with us when we did one of these, Dr. John Delony and I are going to take calls from real millionaires regardless of how they became a millionaire, because I have found millionaires all over America for the past 30 years. And I found a whole bunch of them in the last decade that I helped create, showing people what to do and they went and did the stuff we teach.


That would be the baby steps. So whether you followed the baby steps, whether you won the lottery, or whether you got an inheritance, however you became a millionaire, we wanna hear your story. But that's all we're gonna talk to today is real millionaires, not people on Instagram with an opinion. 'cause my pastor used to say, A man with an experience is not at the mercy of a man with an opinion. So we're gonna really talk to real millionaires. Now let's help you with that. What is a millionaire? Because some people are confused about this. It is not a million dollar a year income, it's a million dollar net worth. When people say net worth millionaire, that's redundant. That's like saying, you know, black, black, white, white, whatever.


I mean, it's redundant, it's a net. All millionaires are net worth millionaires. It's the only type of millionaire there is. It's an accounting function. What you own your assets minus what you owe, your liabilities is your net worth. Your house is included. Anything you own that is of value is included. Now, some of it are higher quality items than others in terms of financial instruments. Doesn't matter. You don't have to be a cash millionaire. You don't have to be a real estate millionaire. Just what you own minus what you owe. When that equals $1 million, you are by definition a millionaire. Well, it's not enough. It, it's not, I'm not asking that question.


We're just asking is, are you, do you have a net worth of a million dollars? Well, no. Want you to have that. Well, that's a different discussion. Well, you can't make it on that. That's a different discussion that that doesn't, you know, these don't convolute this. This is simple. Do you have a million dollar net worth? If you do, you're one of about 26 million Americans and the rest of 'em are saying, I'd like to build a level of wealth heading in that direction so that I can be stable, sustainable, have a great life, change my family tree and so on. Is that rich anymore? Well, in 1920 it was rich in 20 20, 20 25. It's not that rich, but it's richer than most people. So shut up.


They got there. So we're gonna talk to real millionaires today and ask 'em how they did it so that you, if you're not one can learn something from the ones that actually did it. And you can head that direction. Nicole and Dan are in Stanford, Connecticut, and Hey guys, what's your net worth? Hey Dave, we have a net worth of about $6.3 million. Good for you. Break that down a little bit. By category, how much in real estate and retirement and so on? Sure. So we have about a hundred thousand dollars in cash, which includes our emergency fund. We have retirement funds that are worth about 2.8 million. We have mutual funds, which includes a college fund for our son and a small charitable trust that we recently started.


That's worth about 500,000. We have paid for real estate including rental property worth about 2.2, 2.3 depending on how you measure it. We have some passive business investments worth about 500,000. And then other assets, a couple of cars and some collections and things that make up the rest. Good for you. How old are you guys? Well, I'm 54 And I'm 42. Okay, cool. Very cool. How much of this 6.3 did you inherit? We inherited about $70,000 from my parents when they passed away about four or five years ago. So You were already millionaires?


Yes, we were. Okay. Alright. And what's your best year working income household and your worst year? So our best year, we were a little north of a million dollars. Our worst year is probably right now, neither one of us is working at the moment. Dan was diagnosed with cancer a few months ago, So we decided that we had the ability to step back and, and focus on that and focus on each other. So we did. Good for you. But I'd say, you know, our, our entry level, you know, my entry level was probably around 30,000 a year and Dan's was about 40. Okay. Wow. Okay. So about 70 was your startup About 70 was where we started, yeah. What were, what were your careers? What did y'all do?


I started as an accountant and then became a consultant and ultimately, you know, just an executive. Dan, you wanna talk about your background? Yeah, I started off in the military and then I got out, I went into manufacturing and recently left as an executive with manufacturing firm handling supply chain. Gotcha. Okay. Alright. What do you drive right now? What kind of cars you drive? I I, we, we always buy used cars. I have an F-150 and Nicole has a Honda Accord. Okay. How old's your Honda Accord? Nicole? It's a 2022. Okay. And how old's your F-150? Dan? 2020.


Okay. That's not too bad. Sometimes I have to tell millionaires to go buy a car 'cause their car sucks so bad. But y'all, y'all, y'all did. Okay. I can see that you got, you got through that. I can see That. So Nicole and Dan, I, I, when we talk to people who are concerned about their net worth and trying to build, you know, like get to millionaire status, sometimes there's a, there's a negative connotation. Like for what? Talk to the person who is sitting there listening to this going, yeah, yeah, yeah. But so what, talk to 'em about the freedom you have when your husband comes home and says, oh my gosh, I just got this diagnosis and y'all can exhale and say, then we're gonna take some time off and just be together.


Yeah. Well, I'll tell you, we've been big fans of The Ramsey Show and, and Dan went through financial peace when he was in the military, but we've only decided to call in now for that reason because we did wanna share that. I mean, it, it, you know, when we paid off our house a few years ago, that felt amazing. And the freedom that we had then to really, you know, do some things that were a little more risky so that we could create even more wealth at that point was, was incredible. But it's kind of nothing compared to the freedom to say, okay, we know exactly where our money is. We know exactly what we need to have coming in every month to be able to sustain ourselves and we don't have a bunch of of debt hanging over our heads and big payments on things we can actually, we can choose to spend this time together and to fight this battle together.


I mean, it wasn't even a second thought. We just, we just made that decision and move forward. And if you need 300 grand to try an alternative treatment in x, y, z city right? That's, you load up a plane and you go write a check and you go do it, right? Yeah, a hundred percent. And You don't even think about it. It's incredible. You Didn't even think about it. No. Didn't even think about it. That that, that to me is the true definition of freedom, is we can go do the next right thing and we don't have to think about it. Yeah. It's pretty amazing. I'm sure Dan has some other thoughts about the freedom and the, and the security. Well, it's, it's putting, it's putting the plan that you've been building and what, what you've been working on through these steps and everything through, over the, the years in case something happens, right.


Everybody's healthy until you're not. Right. And, and to be able to, you know, take a step back and have the freedom and the, and just really literally the peace of mind to know that I'm gonna focus on my health and I'm gonna, you know, I'm, I'm gonna go back to work eventually I'm gonna get there. But right now, for the next four to six months, I'm gonna focus on this and this is where all my energy Gonna go. We're gonna beat this thing. Yeah, go beat it man. And then I don't have to Yeah. And I don't have to worry about, you know, the electric bill or the mortgage. Amen. Amazing. Amen. Amazing. Hey, we'll be praying for you brother. Thanks for sharing your story. You too. Fabulous. It's a baby steps millionaires theme hour.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death and predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over, profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure so you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid Big Bank traps for 75 years, so go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join No matter where you live, that's F-A-I-R-W-I-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Running a business is freaking hard. It's easy to get caught up in the daily challenges and fears that keep you stuck. That's why I want you to reserve your copy of our new book, build a Business You Love, where we share the proven system that helped us break through those challenges and build Ramsey Solutions from a card table in my living room to a $250 million company in the process. When you pre-order today, you're gonna get more than $350 in bonuses for free, including an enhanced audio book Experience Early access to the Build a Business you Love, ebook and instant access to our hiring playbook so you can start transforming your business right now. Build a business you love, the Essential guide for every business owner like you that wants to grow yourself, lead your team, and scale your business. To reserve your copy, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Dr. John Delony RAMSEY personality is my co-host. It's a baby steps millionaire's theme hour, which means we're talking to real millionaires, not your broke brother-in-law with an opinion. Where do millionaires really come from? Well, we did the largest study of millionaires ever done in North America. We studied 10,167 of them, and they weren't all RAMSEY millionaires. There were people, a lot of 'em who didn't even know who we were. And we did a detailed airtight research methodology, meaning the facts that we got out of this are what are known as data not opinions. So if you disagree with the conclusions of the study, you're what's known as wrong.


All of that white paper from that research and the detail and the conclusions are in the baby steps. Millionaire's book that I did, my last bestseller, number one bestseller. And if you wanna pick it up and learn more about what we're talking about this hour, it's very important. One of the things we found, for instance, was that a lot of Americans, because of stupid stuff on YouTube and TikTok believe that millionaires all inherit their money. And what we found was almost none do three types. Three things go on. Number one, 79% of millionaires inherited zero number two, 5% inherited a small amount, like $5,000.


They did actually get an inheritance, but it's not enough mathematically to make you a millionaire unless you live to be 200 years old. Number three, like our last caller, they got a good amount of money in their case, 70,000, but sometimes we heard 200,000 or 300,000 front and inheritance after they were already millionaires. So by definition, 79 plus five plus 5% is 89% did not become millionaires because of inherited money. That's nine out of 10. Now what does that mean? Well, number one, it means the anarchist leftist, crazy communist people saying all rich people inherit their money is not, they're, they're factually incorrect.


They have an agenda of something else. Apparently they, if they know what the truth is, number two, it should give anyone out there that's not a millionaire, great hope because nine out of 10 didn't become millionaires because of inherited money. They became millionaires because of habits and processes and things that they did. Or dumb luck. They, and you know, they, they hit the lottery or something like that, but anywhere in there, but, and that can be you, but it wasn't the proverbial rich uncle died and left me a bunch of money, or mom and dad died and left me a bunch of money. That's not where it came from. Statistically, that's a databased fact.


Rob is with us in North Carolina. Rob, what's your net worth? Hi Dave. Hi Dr. John net worth is just over 1.1 million. Good for you. And gimme a little breakdown by category, real estate, mutual funds, real retirement, whatever. So 4 75 in retirement, 3 25 in real estate. A hundred k in checking, savings, emergency funds, 70 in mutual funds, 70 in paid for vehicles and about 110 in a business interest. Good for you. And how old are you? I am 37 and my wife is 31.


Good for you. Okay, cool. And how much of this 1.1 million did you? I inherit, We inherited zero. Okay. Alright. And your best year working income and your worst year working income? Best year was last year, 2 75 for the household. And worst year would be when we both started outta college. We were about 45 each, so 90. Okay. And I'd say average was about one 60. What's your career? I am in construction engineering and my wife is in, she's a manufacturer's rep. Okay. For a steel company. What's your four, do you have a four year degree? I do, yes. And what civil, civil and construction engineering technology. Okay, very good. What was your GPA 3.2.


Wow. That boy, that means you had fun. Good for you. Yeah, I, Yeah, a little bit. Good for you. Very cool. Thank you. So what's the most expensive pair of jeans you ever bought? Oh, I'd say, I'd say $80, 60 to $80 just recently too. Still have 'em. I'm a fan of the Costco pants though. So a, a picture of you just came up. How much do you spend on grooming that amazing mustache you have? Oh, that, that thing that thing's long gone. Oh, It's gone. Okay. That for year, that was my dad's stash. Oh, excellent. Good for you. That was, that was the welcome. The little one into the world. Go goes with a doodle. Yeah. Yeah. I love it.


Very fun. Alright, what do you guys drive? Well, my wife drives a 2023 policy and I drive a 2020 Ram 1500. Good. It's good cars good. Okay. It's about right, about right. Are you guys spend more time on TV or on books? Oh, I would say, I would say more on TV, unfortunately. But we do do a lot of driving and trips together and when we do drive, we listen to books on, on audio. Gotcha. Okay, cool. Very cool. Do you think someone that's coming outta college with a civil engineering degree today can still do this? Absolutely. What Should they do? Absolutely. Well, I'd say surround yourself with the right people and make sure you're on the same page with your spouse regarding money.


'cause I'm telling you right now, life gets real easy when you guys don't fight about money. Wow. Good insight. That May be the, that may be the most profound moment of the show today. That's A mic drop right there. Or just a one liner and its just all things there Easy. You don't fight about money, just All Right there. Life's pretty good when you don't fight about money. Yeah. And nothing left to fight about much, you know. Well done. Rob, congratulations. Hero Ro very proud of you. Mark is in Nashville. Mark, what's your net worth? My net worth is 2.1 million, and then I have a business that's probably worth 400,000. So 2.1 I guess. Okay. Gimme a little breakdown by category, retirement real estate, whatever.


Yep. Yep. Real estate, 1.7 million. Retirement, 305,000. Cash a hundred thousand. Okay. Very good. Very good. How much, how old are you? I am 59. 59. Good. And how much of this 2.1 did you inherit? Zero. Okay. I inherited a Bible and a book. A Bible and a book. I like it. And served you well. I like it. So the, what was your best year of working income and your worst year of working income? Best year working income would be about 225,000. Worst year was probably 20,000.


Gotcha. What's your career? I, I now own a training company, but for years I actually worked as a safety professional in manufacturing. Okay. Training and manufacturing. Okay. You got a four year Degree? I do, I have an undergraduate degree and an MBA. Okay. All Right. Very cool. Very cool. Do you think people can still do this today? I know they can just have to want to, What, what would your suggestion be to them? What would they need to do? You, you know what help me was following my very strategic around following net worth not income. So it it, it's just you win the month or the day or the year.


And so what, when I started doing that, that was probably the biggest, you know, that's what I would tell people. You know what, that's very true because you're concentrating on the right things then. 'cause you can burn through income. Right. And, and old, the old saying, it doesn't matter how much you make it, it matter how much you keep. Right. Right. And, and that, that's the essence of what you're saying. So walk me through that. Hmm. I don't think I was smart enough to catch that. Just then Concentrate on building your net worth. Not building your income. There You go. Okay. So How, how big is my net worth is a lot more important question than how big is my income? Because you can absorb your, I mean, you can balloon to fill up your income with cars and clothes and Yeah. Vacations and nonsense. Good. That's fantastic. I love that quote. Say that again one more time, mark.


Yeah. Focus on your net worth on a, on a weekly, monthly, yearly basis, not on your income. I think that's, that's something that congress needs to hear. I think that's something that the average person just driving down the road needs to hear. Yeah, it's, it's very wise. 'cause it's long-term thinking. It's long-term thinking because the reason for your income for most people is not consumption, although they consume it. It, it should be to build a, a legacy to, to, you know, to change your family tree, to retire with dignity. All those things are based on net worth, not based on your income. So it's a very, it's the exact correct thing to aim at. Love it. We're actually doing some work behind the scenes with the software engineers right now to build a net worth calculator and be able to track it as a part of the EveryDollar app continually, because that's the exact thing you should be doing.


Mark's exactly right. Excellent, Brother. I agree with you. Well done hero. Proud of you man. Very cool. This is a baby steps millionaire's theme hour. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host. You know how when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt? It feels weird at first.


Well, I'm here to tell you that is okay. I want you to be weird if that means you're being intentional, including how you budget. And one way to be intentional about how you spend your healthcare dollars is with Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM isn't health insurance. They're a biblically based alternative. CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families take care of health care costs without sacrificing their freedom. As a CHM member, you'll share 100% of your eligible healthcare costs with a dedicated Christian community. And in return, your monthly contribution goes towards other members' medical costs. So no matter where you are in your financial journey, CHM can help you reach your money goals and still get the care you need. Plus programs start as low as $98 a month. So go to ch ministries.org/budget to find out more. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here.


Alright, I'm about to say what everyone already knows, but budgeting is a good thing to do now actually starting. Well that's where people freeze up and you guys, it doesn't have to be that way. With the EveryDollar budgeting app getting started is super easy and so is sticking to it. You can set up your first budget in less time than it takes to go through the Chick-fil-A drive-through. It's fast. And the best part, with unlimited budget categories, you can customize it to fit your life. Grocery runs, coffee runs, or planning your next family trip. Whatever you have going on, EveryDollar helps you see exactly what's happening with your money. You'll know what's coming in, what's going out and what's left over for some fun, because let's be real, you need some fun in your budget. EveryDollar keeps budgeting simple and stress free just the way you want it. So go download the app for free and get started today. Again, go download EveryDollar today.


So baby steps millionaires theme hour. We're talking to real millionaires, not broke people with an opinion. We've painted the glamorous as the millionaire. And statistically that's not true. You don't have to be a rock star country music star actor in Hollywood or sports professional to be a millionaire. As a matter of fact, less than 1.6%, less than 2% of America's millionaires are people of the, you know, famous people like that. They're not, they're just not. So, I mean there, there are those that are out there and some of 'em are billionaires that you know, but the vast, but the truth is you don't have to be able to play in the NBA otherwise I'd be screwed.


Right. Or professional golf, I'd for sure be screwed or be a professional actor. I'm not pretty enough. I got a face for radio or whatever to be a millionaire. It turns out that it's, the tortoise beats the hare every time It's slow and steady wins the race. And these are the people that we meet all the time. Now if you've got money some other way, I still wanna talk to you 'cause you're representative of what millionaires are. And I'm not, we don't set these calls up. I mean, we, we do, people call in and we arrange them to be on the air during this hour, but we don't tell them what to say and we don't only take certain types of millionaires. We put the real people on that really listen to the show that really have a net worth of a million dollars or more.


Michael is one of them in St. Louis. Michael, what's your net worth? About 1.7 million. Good for you. Gimme a little breakdown by category. So probably about 600,000 in stocks and mutual funds. About another 600,000 in IRAs and 4 0 1 ks. Then I got about, you know, 400,000 in equity on my home. And then I've got a vacation home with about another 150, 200,000 in equity on, on that. And then I've got probably 70 grand sitting in savings account in Cash. Okay. Cool. What, what? How old are you? 53. Cool. What's your best? Oh, how much of this did you inherit?


None. Zero. Okay. And what's your best year working income? Worst year working income? My best year working income is 230 now. My worst year was when I started very, very long time ago at about 18,000 a year. Yeah, that's what I started at. That's cool. Okay. And what, and I'm older than you. What, what has been your career? I'm in finance. I'm A CFO right now. Okay. And I degree in finance or accounting or what? Actually I've got an undergrad in psychology, but a master's in finance. Okay. MBA with specialization in finance. Okay. And your GPA on the MBA 3.7.


Gotcha. Okay. Because that's the other thing people believe. The other myth that people believe is that all millionaires have like a 4.2, that they're all geniuses or something. And most of us are, most of us are GPAs. Were in the threes. Mine's actually a 2, 9 7. I'm still pissed about that. Three one hundreds of a 0.2, but I think, I think beer was involved. But the, All Right. So what do you drive? I just bought, so the first time in my life I paid cash for a car. I just bought it two weeks ago. It's a Toyota Land Cruiser. Good. Okay. And what's your wife drive? She drives a Lincoln Corsair. How old? The car or the wife?


The car. It's a 21. Okay, good. That's the right answer for your wife too, brother. Just stay at 21. You Could keep both of them. Okay. Just Stay at 21. No, I always tell my wife it's 39 and she's been 39 for 20 years. Yeah, it's the 20th anniversary of your 39th birthday. That's right. Oh, love it. Okay. Good, good. Mine just had that. Yeah. All Right. So can this still be done? Can, can, what million Can, can someone still become a millionaire by age 53? Oh yeah. It's, it's, it's just about work, Dave. I mean, it's hard work. It's putting money away. It's, it's not, you know, my wife and I talked about this a couple years ago.


You know, we watched our friends in our early twenties, you know, go into debt going on vacation and buying cars and we didn't do that. Right. We, we stayed at home. We didn't have our first vacation till we were married for four years, and it was a road trip to Colorado. So, you know, we were, our dates were picnics in a, in a local park that had a concert during the summer on the weekends, So we can go out to dinner. And we didn't do that stuff. We, we socked our money away. And, and the other thing I will tell you is we also didn't, we also have conversations about everything. Right? Like, she knows our investments. I'm not hiding anything from her. We don't make any big decisions without talking e even when I wanna change jobs or, or move on, I don't do it unless I have her blessing. Yeah.


Yeah. How do you handle the frustration? 'cause there's a sense that once I become a quote unquote millionaire and you're almost two x that I don't have to worry about stuff. I'm buy whatever car I want, I can live where I want. You know, there's, there's kind of that, that leap between, oh, I'm actually a net worth, like my net worth is a million dollars or more. But I still have to think about it. I Still gotta think about it. Oh yeah. I I you never, I think at that point you're, you're gonna lose your million pretty quick. Hmm. So I mean, my opinion, I mean, I, I agonized bought this car for four months before I bought it, and never, I've never bought a new car. I take that back. I bought one new car early on and, and my father let me have it.


He was in the car business and made it very clear that buying a new car was not smart. So this was kind of a, a little thing for me. And, and you know, even then, if he was still alive, I'm sure I'd be getting a what, four for buying a new car. Well, You got a Land Cruiser. That's a beautiful ride, man. Yeah, That's a great car. It's a great car. Way to go hero. Thank you for sharing your story. We appreciate you. All Right. Amos is in Memphis. What's your net worth? Amos Right at 1 million. Gotcha. Okay. And a little breakdown on the categories please. 400,000 in IRAA hundred thousand in cash. 350 in property and 150 in savings bonds.


Got it. Okay, cool. How old are you? 62, 6 2 Or 5 2 6 2 6 2. Okay. And how much of this did you inherit? None of it re well, I guess a hundred thousand cash is kind of, my parents put me in their trust and they placed everything in my name 25 years ago. And my mom and mom has now moved in with me and everything's, all the accounts are now merged. So it's, it's all mine. Did that money cause you to be a millionaire? Or you were already a millionaire when you got that money? I, I was al that kind of put me over the top. Okay. I was already on, I was already on path and on my project I'm gonna be probably at two or three here very shortly.


Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Good, good. And what's your best year of working income and your worst year? My best year was this last one that counts severance. 'cause I was laid off after 19 years and that was 129. My lowest was probably when I was making $9 an hour driving a truck. Yeah. So it sounds like the majority of your life you've made under a hundred K. Yeah, un under 50 for most of it. This was just the last 19 years when I started this last job, I had nothing. And I've been trying to get into this company for a while and when I got in there, I got into their 401k and put in six matching. And then they had an option I can increase the percent, 1% every year.


And so I set that. So every year I'm putting in more in the 401k. Yeah. And they had a pension plan. I had that and they had stock purchase. And I got into that because the jump from my last, after that was almost 20 grand and we were kind of set in our budget. So I just put all the extra money towards retirement 'cause I didn't have it started. And so, So in 19 years you turned the whole thing around. Yeah. Right Time. What was, what was your career, what'd you do for a living? DBAI got an it. Oh, okay. Very good. Very. I Went from, yeah, I went from driving trucks to driving a computer. Got it. Okay. Works for me. Can people still do this today? Yeah, it's, I like the fact that I, I don't know if I found anything new, but if you are getting like, normal cost of living increases is, is something that I learned when I was a kid, is like, you pay yourself first.


And so if I get a 3% raise, I always put it 1% towards towards retirement and then you don't even notice it. You, you just forget about it and it just snow. Like, like you put it, it snowballs. This is a good one. Yeah. Yeah. The good kind of snowball, the compound interest gets in your favor. And here we go. And slow and steady. Slow and steady. And John, one of the things we have learned is people set it and forget it. They what he said there. You create a system where you don't have to think about it. That's right. Reduce the friction is James says It's not some kinda like strong muscular discipline. It's just like I side, it Just comes outta my check and I'll think about it. That's right. And it so stays on autopilot and that keeps me doing it. This is a baby steps millionaire's theme hour.


Hey guys, Dr. John Delony here. Finding time to intentionally connect with your spouse can be hard. That's why I'm excited to announce that Money and Marriage Getaway is back. Hang out with me and Rachel Cruz. November 6th through eighth in Nashville, Tennessee, you'll learn practical tools to better communicate, deepen your intimacy and more. Plus we'll dig into your questions with live q and as. Early bird tickets start at 749, $9. But hurry, prices are going up soon and this will sell out. Get yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Thank you for joining us America. This is The Ramsey Show. It's a baby steps millionaire's theme hour.


John and I are going on the road here in a couple of months. We're gonna be in six different cities doing the money and Relationships Tour. We're gonna be talking about raising money, smart kids, how to fight a fair fight in marriage, finding contentment. We're gonna talk of course about wealth building, of course, about anything having to do with relationships. And here's what's weird. It's unfiltered, unscripted and packed with wisdom. What we're gonna do is we're gonna put up a bunch of topics for the audience when we first get the, in the, in the arena or in the theater. And you guys are gonna text in and tell us which ones we're gonna talk about. So you're gonna build the event that night when you get there. And that's gonna be weird and fun. We're kind of excited about it. We're gonna be in Louisville, Kentucky. April 21st is the first one. Durham, North Carolina, April 23rd. Atlanta, Georgia, April 25. Then a couple weeks later we're going to Phoenix on May five, Fort Worth, may seven, and Kansas City on May nine. You can get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour or you can click on the link in the show notes and it'll get you set right up.


John, this is gonna be fun. It's different dude. It's gonna be wheels off. I I I was talking to Rachel, we did the money marriage event this last weekend and I said I don't get nervous very often for these kind of things. I'm excited nervous for this one because it's gonna be us two on stage letting it rip, man. We're both gonna be out there and we just gotta, you know, it's like, it's like contemporary. I mean, I took a, I was in like a speech thing when I was in contemporary contemporaneous speaking. I can't even say it, but you know, they would like draw a subject out of a card, a deck of cards and then you had to go Let it rip. That's Right. And you had to go. And that's kind of what we're gonna be doing. So, but it's all, but People don't get to see us cutting up and having a good time and ping at each other and You know, we'll be answering your questions.


Exactly. In a sense. And you know, we got a whole interactive format built. It's gonna be very fun. We something different. We used to, And every show is so cookie cutter now, right. And like it's just stamp and stamp and stamp. And what I love about this one is every, every city's gonna get a new show and the new events, it's gonna be Fun. And in some cases that's gonna be good. Yeah, exactly. That's right. That's right. I can't wait. So be sure. Hey, it's in April and May six cities. Check it out at Ramsey Solutions dot com. There's still some tickets left and we'd love to have you come visit with us. We're looking forward to meeting you when we're out on the road. Deborah is our next millionaire up in Atlanta. Deborah, what's your net worth? Well, my net worth is 1.4, 1.5 million.


Gotcha. And a little breakdown by category 500,000 Roth. IRA 5,000 mutual fund stocks, 300 in my house and one to 200 in money market savings. It's my emergency fund. Gotcha. How old are you? 67. 67. And how much of this did you inherit? About a hundred thousand. A little bit from grandparents and a little bit from my parents. How long ago? Well, grandparents, 30 some years ago and my parents 2015 to 20 years ago. So a a real part of you being a millionaire is inherited money then?


No, no it isn't. Oh. It was only a hundred thousand and the rest I earned myself. Okay. All Right. But if you had invested that, it would've been a big part of this, right? Oh Yes, but that was invested that went into my investments. I never touched it. I see. Okay, good. What was your career? I was an administrative assistant. Okay. And what was your income? Best year and worst year? Worst year was probably when I started. Maybe I made $11,000 a year and, and when I retired last June 40, 2042. So you never made over 42,000. I never made more than that. And you're worth a million and a half at 67. That's Right. What do you tell people when they're listening to this that are in their twenties, that can they do this and what did you do?


What should they do that to be like? You, you, You can do it. I, I had a great teacher, especially my dad started early, had a piggy bank and bank account, couldn't reach the teller window, but start early as you can, live with what you need, not what you want. Don't try to keep up with friends and neighbors. Look for the far future, not just tomorrow. You know, just keep slow and steady, slow and steady. Live on less than you make. I always paid myself first. That went into savings and, you know, and then I lived on the rest. I didn't try to keep up with others.


What do you drive A 15-year-old Honda CI Honda Civic and I bought it used. Incredible dude. Incredible. What's it like being 67 and not worrying about money? It's, it's a weird feeling. I, I still can't get used to it. My financial advisor, who is fantastic and helped me get this, this far, you know, he keeps saying, you know, you're okay, you know, you're okay. And I'm going, well, I'm, I'm not sure yet. Well, I'm proud of you. That's amazing. Yeah. I mean, you did a great job. I was just well taught, you know, any, any gift, money, anything that was extra always went into savings.


I, you know, if you got raises or bonuses, it was like untouched. Go put it in savings. But, you know, and when I say savings, I mean, you know, in my Roth, IRA every year in my mutual funds. Just keep plowing through it. Well There's, there's lots of ways to find information these days and you're one of the rare people that just went and did it. And so that's amazing. That's, we're proud of you. So cool. You know your dad, you know your dad's really proud don't you? I hope he is. I hope he is. He had a saying. He said if you're walking down the street and you see a penny on the sidewalk, pick it up because you may need it to make a dollar. There you go. That's how it works. Oh, where are those guys? Oh my goodness.


I love it. Alex is in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Alex, what's your net worth? It is 1.1 million. Very cool. And gimme a little breakdown by category. It is 700,000 in my emergency fund and my retirement savings and my kids' college and then 200,000 in home equity and about 150,000 in vehicles and other assets and Toys. Gotcha. How old are you? 33. How much of this did you inherit? Nothing. My parents did help me out with college, but that's about it. Okay. And what do you make a year? 450,000. Whoa. What do you do?


I'm a financial planner. Good for you. Well done. Very cool. Well, and you're obviously doing it for yourself. Well played brother. Yeah, the cobbler's kids have no shoes, not yours. They got good shoes. I like it. Well done sir. Very well done. Well congratulations. Thank you for sharing your numbers with us guys. It's not mythology and it's not outta reach and the American dream is not dead. The people out there telling you, trying to steal your hope, I call 'em hope stealers. That's an evil, evil movement. When people tell you you can't win, you need to stay away from those kind of people. You can win. And it's not a panacea, this is not Pollyanna. It's not, it's not easy, it's not automatic, but it's very doable when you apply yourself.


None of the people we talked to today were geniuses. None of 'em were crooks. None of 'em were trust fund babies. They were all people just like you John. This can be done. Yeah. It, it can be done. And every single person on here has remarked about, we just did a thing and we just kept doing it. Consistency, consistency, consistency, consistency. And you look up and you're 33, you're 55, you're 67 and you're worth more than a million dollars. So it's, it's just, there's just not a hack to it man. There's just not a hack. You gotta keep showing up and keep showing up. Live on less than you make and save some money. Whoa. I mean, that's it. I mean it is 42 years old, 31 59, 53, 62, 67 and 33.


That was the millionaires we talked to today. They weren't 92, they didn't live in a cave and collect l and only come out on Triple coupon Thursday. They had a life. They're driving reasonable cars, which sometimes I find they're still driving cheap junk and I need to get 'em to get a car. But, but 'cause they've been driving cheap junk so long, that's how they got there. But you know, it, it's, you guys have done such a good job. This is very doable. If you wanna learn more, pick up the book Baby Steps Millionaires. I've sold almost a million of those now. It's 'cause I wanna make more millionaires. And you know what makes 'em, it's not magic, it's hope. And that's why we do this hour to give you guys hope and take and, and to offset the Hope Steelers that are saying the American dream is dead.


It's impossible. You're not waiting on the White House to fix your life. What's happens in your house is more important. None of these people said the President sent me money because the president never sends you money. Well, if they do, it's a trick. Be careful. They'll come ask for it back. Yeah, Man. Wow. Love it. That puts us out of The Ramsey Show in the books.


The right questions are the key to unlock personal and professional potential. It means if you're not where you want to be, you are not asking the right questions. I'm Ken Coleman and this is what my new show Front Row Seat is all about. Over my career, I've had the distinct privilege to interview successful people from all walks of life. And to coach over 10,000 professionals who wanted more. What sets successful people apart is a never ending desire to learn and grow. Each week I'll be joined by industry leaders and world class experts to have a conversation about how to get better, move up and lead well in work and life. But the best part of this show is you get to be a part of the conversation. Live in Studio will have a group of professionals just like you, who have the power to ask questions and steer the discussion in real time. It's an opportunity to get real answers to real questions, like how to make the right decisions, have hard conversations, live a balanced life, and discover your Next Steps to grow. Join us every Tuesday for conversations that are guaranteed to surprise, challenge, and inspire you. Check out Front Row Seat wherever you get your podcasts.