
Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host. Thank you for joining us. Jade Washau, number one bestselling author and RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Robert is in Washington DC. Hi Robert. How are you Doing great, Dave. Thanks for asking. Glad to have, have a little bit of time on this show with y'all. Well, We're honored. How can we help, sir? So I have a family business that we've been managing for about seven years now.


It's going, they're gonna be closing down in the next couple months and we're gonna be due to owe about $160,000 in debt. How can my wife and I attack our share of the debt while also protecting our household finances? Okay. Who owns the business? So the business is a split between my, my mother-in-law, father-in-law, my sister-in-law, and her husband and my wife and I. It's not exactly one third all the way around, but it's pretty close. Okay. So what percentage do you own? My wife and I own 30% together. Okay. And what is the nature of the $160,000 in debt?


What kind of debt? So we're gonna owe about 21 5 in the next six months of rent due. Our lease agreement with the landlord. We will, we owe 74,500 approximately through a PPP loan. Thanks Covid for making things difficult. Of course. And then the, the last part is about 70,000 that my father-in-law when we initially purchased the business, he fronted that through his, you know, retirement account, taking a loan on his, on his IRA or something like that. And, and, and even though that part's not, you know, like legally actionable debt, I think it's morally an ethically the right thing to do to pay him back as well.


Right. What percentage of the business does he own? He and his wife together own 40% with my sister-in-law being having the last 30%. So the one 60 of debt, is that 30% of the overall debt or is that, is there more debt besides that is what I'm asking This, that others are on the hook for this is, This is basically everything. Now I, I'm, I understand that my father-in-law could kind of absolved that 70 thou if he wanted. That's, that's his, I guess That's his percentage, you know, turns out. Right, right. So if he just, if he said that number said if he just took his percentage in against his retirement and called it, he's out Right then.


And I suggested that to him as well as a possible course of action. Well, it's the, it's the natural thing to do mathematically. Yeah. Why would you be on the hook for 100% of the debt if you own 30% of the business? Yeah, he, you're on the, he's on the hook for 40% of the debt and 40% of the debt is to him. So that's just a wash. I mean, it may be a little, it may be a little bit off. There may be a few thousand dollars. It's could be like $5,000 off, but it's pretty close. Okay. Then you've got the PPP and you've got the rent. Have you all tried to negotiate with the landlord at all on the final rent? Actually, I got notice about an hour ago that he's willing to do a little negotiation. So we might be able to knock that number down significantly. Oh good. The only other That does change the formula with their father-in-law then.


Yeah. Yeah. And I said the last wrench in the gear here is that my wife has that PPP loan is about 70, almost 75,000. She is the sole guarantor on that. Oh Crap. Yeah. Yeah. So she did it in the name of the behi, the business, but she, she only put herself on the math. Wow. And you own 30%. Yeah. And that doesn't equal 74. Okay. So yeah, the, the depending on, okay. The, the total is gonna change when the rent changes. So 40% changes and it's not gonna be enough to cover father-in-law.


So his is not gonna be a wash as the rent goes down. You follow me on the math equation? Not exactly, but I'll, I'll go with that. What do You think the rent will go down to? Let's, let's just say, let's just say you cut the rent in half, then you got a one 50 debt that you would apply 40% to instead of a one 60 debt. You follow me? Yeah, that's right. Okay. Then, then that, you know, so that's 60,000 bucks, not 70,000 bucks. So your father-in-law is still owed $10,000. You all all still owe the rent and you still owe the other, so, Right. Is there any cash anywhere? Like what's Your, is the, is the lease guaranteed at all?


Oof. I, I, I can't recall off the top of my head. Okay. So it got a personal, personal guarantee on it by one of the other parties. 'cause I'm starting to try to divvy this up. Like your father-in-law's gonna get his, you guys are gonna get the PPP and somebody's gonna have to put some money on the PPP for you all 'cause you don't owe all of it. It's now half of the loan and you only own 30%. So somebody needs to throw some cash at that for you all. Does anybody in the picture have any cash? We don't have a whole lot on hand. I mean, we've, my wife and I got through, through the financial piece university a few years back. We could potentially throw a, an emergency fund at it. I know this is not emergency, it's close, quote unquote.


Right. But there's no, it's not that far Off. There's zero cash in the business after you close. No, the business is is doing not well right now. Okay. We could, we could potentially liquidate, which is, we're gonna have to do anyway, but we're trying to do some kind of, you know, fire sales on the, on the remaining items and, and wholesale things to other businesses in the area. Yeah, it sounds like mathematically it sounds like mathematically any cash you guys can drag outta that business needs to be thrown at the PPP Because if that makes sense. If you can get the PPP down to where it equals your share, then you guys just take it on and move it over onto your personal debt and pay it off. Right. That's your portion of it. Yeah. But right now it's double your share.


So if you guys could find 20,000 bucks and or the other sister-in-law comes up with that and then so you take the PPP, the father-in-law takes his and your sister and your brother, other sister and brother-in-law, whatever they are owe the father-in-law a little bit of money and they owe the back rent. Yeah. It could be something like that. Yeah. That that, that should I try to seek some kind of notarized agreement as to how we break this down? Yes. Just to kind of, Yes. Okay. I was gonna say, do you foresee, I'm not worried about it being notarized. I'm really worried about everybody agreeing to it. Right. I was gonna say, do you foresee any issue with them understanding how we've broken it down? 'cause it's, it's based on what you guys said, the, how it's divvied up. Do you foresee any issue with that? No, but I just, you know, I'm, I always try to be cautious with this sort of thing and try to get ahead of any problems that Might come up.


Yeah. Notarized won't matter. What does matter is everybody signs it and is in agreement and that's all six parties. Ooh, Okay. Yeah. Four, three couples. Because I don't want the spouse bitching later that the deal wasn't done and they didn't speak into it. Yeah. Okay. Right. So let's just, let's run some numbers right quick. Okay. Let's call it one 50 'cause you got the rent taken in half. Okay. Okay. So 30% is 60 K. No it's not. It's 40 5K. 40% is 60 k and so we've got 30, 30 and 40.


Right. Okay. So you guys take on 45 of the PPP I'm your father-in-law takes 60 off of what he's owed. So now he's owed 10 and there's 10 or 11 or whatever owed to the landlord and they owe you the PPP. So the somebody you know, that's the way to move it around. Y'all start just assigning this, but you guys need to get some cash outta this to throw at this PPP 'cause I don't want you to get stuck with that whole thing 'cause that represents half of the debt, not 30% of the debt. And that's a big, so you just gotta gotta talk it through. It's just a math.


It's a math riddle. If everybody's of the right spirit, it's just a math riddle and it's, you're getting rid of the personal guarantees or, or you're taking on the personal guarantees where they actually belong. And this ladies and gentlemen is why I told you during covid not to take out those freaking PPPs. Ooh, by the way, I did say that. You can go back and look it up in 2020. I yelled about it and I got yelled at 'cause I was an idiot.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options and they've been around for over 95 years. So you know they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit zander.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


I love a good math riddle so I can't stop messing with it. That awesome if happen, if you happen to listen back to the podcast Robert, when we play it back, here's the, here's the formula, okay. Father-in-law has 70,000 owed to him that he borrowed on his 401k. So his 40%, if there's 150,000 in debt is $60,000 that leaves 10,000 owed to him. Okay. Whatever the rent is, it should be around $10,000 with a landlord negotiation and whatever's owed to father-in-law and everything above 45,000 on the PPP is paid by the sister-in-law, sister-in-law's on the hook for 40 5K.


Also Robert's on the hook for 40 5K of the PPP. So sister-in-law owes father-in-law 10 grand and she owes the rent. Yep. And she owes whatever the difference is there. That's gonna be another See 10. She should go borrow that money and throw it on the PPP. The little bit of difference. Yes. And be and call it a day. Yes. And let them, and they Were free and clear. Their name is no longer. Yeah. They've got the PPP, they got the remaining P, they got 45,000 of the PPP left and that's if it's only 150 now if you're able to sell some stuff and do some liquidation sales and all that EveryDollar, you reduce this changes that formula. It does be, yes it does. That's Where it carried. 'cause you're taking the total down and you know what I'm gonna do is go ahead and clear the rent off as quick as possible and then I'm gonna work on the PPP as quick as possible.


And father-in-law's the last in line. Yeah. 'cause the cash that they get from the sale, they have to also split that 30 30, 30 40, 40. Well you throw it at the debt and it automatically reduces it. If they throw, if they reduce the debt with the cash they get from the sales, then it automatically reduces by the exact same percentages. That is true. But then they have to decide what goes first Decide. Yeah. The rent decide goes first. The rent goes first then the PPP. Yeah. Father-in-law's third, there's only three items on there and he's last in line by far. Why? Hmm. Because he's the easiest to work with. Oh yeah, he's, he's, you know, he's in control and he stepped up and stepped into it much like Robert's wife did when she signed that PPP. But still Right, right.


Still a problem. But the PPP will come take you out. You do not want. I know it. You know, that's why I was saying for the, I'd want, I'd want that PPP done. I want that thing gone. But the only, the rent's only gonna be like 10 grand. That's true. They'll knock that out fast. Yeah. So if you could get 20 grand in liquidated dollars changes this formula pretty dramatically. So he Didn't say what kind of business it was. So Yeah, hopefully they have more than that. Yeah. Hopeful they can get some, some money coming in, but it's a sad situation. Yeah. But the good news is it sounds like they were doing it on a fairly, that the relationships are sounded, he didn't, he didn't bring up that, that they were all fighting. He was anything. Yeah, That's True. And I think if they were fighting he would've said so. Very interesting. Lee's with us in Spokane. Hi Lee, how are you?


Hey great. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I'm wondering if before I start my new job that won't give me a paycheck for two months, it's unpaid training. Should I pay off my debt with my last retirement? And I'd love to give you context real fast if that's okay. I wrote it out 'cause I was so nervous. It's okay. Sure. Okay, so A letter to Jade don't. Okay. So I formally worked the baby steps with my ex-husband and but, and I did the gazelle intensity and then unfortunately went through divorce and post-divorce obviously super difficult.


I channeled all my grief into buying a home and that was back in 2018. And so I'm a homeowner. The last two years I've had some physical and mental health setbacks and I'm back into debt $7,500. Okay. And now my assets, my assets are, so I'm 41 single, I'm about to change jobs. I have the house, I bought it for $410,000 and I owe $200,000 on it. Okay. I have a paid for 2000 fit, no, excuse me, 2015 Honda Fit. Okay. I have $12,000 in a Roth IRA and then $10,000 from when I briefly worked as a teacher for a few years.


And And that's in retirement? Correct. Okay. And see, I mostly, my career has been restaurant work, so I don't have a lot of retirement. That's the only retirement I had from the two years of teaching. But today, And I hate being in debt Today, you're asking do I take the money that I have to pay off the $7,500 of debt or do I wait two months until I start getting paid regularly and then do it? Is that the, the main question? Correct. Do you have any other savings anywhere or this is the only money? Like what's, what are you using to pay off this debt is what I'm asking? Well, I've been basically like the last year been just barely making enough money to pay my bills.


Just kind of recovering from the last two years of like physical and mental stuff. Got you. And, and I will be able to rent out my house when I leave for training for my new job as a flight attendant. Yes. But you didn't, you didn't answer the question of do you have any money saved? Oh no, I gave you every, I think $500 is sitting in my bank account right now. Okay. Okay. And so are they providing, while you're doing flight attendant training, they're providing food and housing? Correct. Okay. And you're gonna rent your house out for how much? 1700 a month. Okay. Why can't you just throw that at 7,500?


Well, my total bills are about 2,500. So I still have to come up with, Oh wait a minute. You gotta pay a house payment. Yeah. If I were you. Yeah, in many ways you're kind of in like a, a storm mode. You, you're transitioning but the transition isn't complete. And if I were in your shoes, I'd wanna know, okay, I've crossed over, I made it through training, I definitely am getting a paycheck and then I feel like I'd hit play on paying this off and Okay. But no, you don't cash out your retirement to do it. No. That's borrowing money at 30% interest. It's gonna be a 10% penalty plus your tax rate. So you're gonna get a minimum of a 30 to a 40% hit in taxes and penalties. And that's like saying, Hey Jade, do I borrow money at 40% interest to pay off the 7,500?


No you don't. No. No knew. Yeah. No. Yeah. What kind of debt is the 7,500? Well my heater went out last summer and that was about 6,000. On what? And I had on what, what do you owe it? Who do you owe it to? I put it on a credit card. Okay. So is this all credit card debt? Yeah. Okay. Alright. And, and so you're gonna be training for three months or two months? No training is six weeks. But you don't, we won't be put on the next payroll until the following month. And so it's, so I'll Try to like And What will you be making?


I'll Try to make, they, they pay $32 an hour and they guarantee you 90 hours a month. So it's not big bucks either. That's what's making me nervous. I was gonna say, why Are you doing It? It takes time to build up to be able to have that schedule like a full-time schedule. That's what I've heard flight attendants say. Right. Why are you doing it if it doesn't pay anything? Well, to answer that question, so I'm single, I don't have kids. I know I can pick up more hours and it'll provide me the retirement travel benefits, travel benefits for my parents and my siblings. And Is there something you can do alongside it until it does start to pan out?


Because there is a seniority play there. So is there something that you can do with it? Exactly. Because you can't, you can't Well I did real, I I I'm ke keeping my teaching credentials. So I I've been subbing, that's what I've been doing the last few months is substitute teaching, which is great 'cause it's flexible. I can pick up right when I can. I can't do that in the summer obviously, but maybe I could tutor or something. Yeah. Yeah. I think you have to, I think you have to do two jobs until this turns into a full-time job. What was your plan to cover the house payment? 1700 doesn't cover it. My house payment is 1300. Oh, okay. So it does cover It. My mortgage. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But my bills and expenses, you know, so While you're in school, can you tutor?


I doubt they say the six weeks is pretty intensive training. Yeah, so I Don't, so I'm, I'm just, I I'm trying to figure out how you're getting through that. I still feel like you're gonna end up with another 10,000 in credit card debt. So the stipend, the food stipend they'll give me is 800. It'll be about $800. Oh I see that. You know about a thousand Information. I didn't have food stipend. I'm starting to see it now. And then the other thing you could consider doing is selling the house. Yeah. You're not gonna be there hardly much once this Kicks off anyway. If you're gonna, if you're gonna be flying the friendly skies or whatever skies they are, you know, I don't know why we need a $400,000 house. Let's get you a little apartment and go live the adventure.


It sounds like that's what you're signing up for. Sense an adventure. 'cause you're not signing up for pay. I can tell that. So yeah, I might sell the house and that solves the whole stinking thing. But no, I would not cash up my retirement. I'm gonna weasel my way through this and not take a 40% hit. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been helping people get out of debt and change their lives for over 30 years. So I know change isn't always easy, but it's worth it. And here's change that's actually easy and worth it. Switching to Boost Mobile Boost gives you nationwide 5G coverage for reliable calls and streaming. And their plans start at just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and data. With Boost Mobile, there's no junk fees, no contracts, and they offer a 30 day money back guarantee. Plus their customer service team is made up of real people, not robots. So switching is easy. So Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY.


Our EveryDollar team multiple does multiple free trainings for you this month. Join live to learn how to break the cycle of paycheck to paycheck in just 90 days. You're gonna get a step-by-step walkthrough of the EveryDollar app, learning how to put together a budget to get out of debt to get on the same page with your spouse. Our biggest budgeting questions are answered. Live in the q and a. Over 60,000 people have already joined. Spots are limited. Sign up now for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Jerry is with us in Dallas. Hi Jerry. How are you? I'm doing good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Right. Bit of a situation me and my wife are in right now. We're a first time homeowner. Buyers trying to purchase the home after doing the math. The first three years of mortgage comes around to 45% of our monthly takeaway income after taxes. The area where the house is being built is really hot right now. Everything around is up being sold.


Major developments going on in that area. But I guess we're just in two separate minds about do we take the plunge now or wait a year and then maybe the price goes up even further and then, you know, we're just stuck in the apartment. Why did you say it would only be that much for the first three, four years Depending on how the, the loan is working out? So we doing the two one option. So first year, So this is not only 45%, it's an adjustable rate, 30 year mortgage. Right. So if you're taking the average I guess from the third year onwards is gonna be You don't have any idea About It's about No, I It's Called an adjustable rate mortgage.


Yeah. Jerry, it's going to adjust. You don't even know how old Are you? 28. What's on fire Dude, that would cause you to do Be the stupid. Yeah. Yes. What Dave said. No, no. I The mortgage is gonna be 5,200 after the third year for the next 30 years. Yeah. So, so what do you guys make We take home 11 2 5 0 after taxes month. Okay. And do you think your income's gonna double in the next year? No. Then don't do this deal. It's really, it's asinine. You're, you are signing up, you're, you're playing, you're signing up for some financial suicide.


The truth is, and and earlier in the show we had Brian Buff and we were talking about this very thing. Okay. Real estate. I get it. It feels very expensive. Sometimes it feels out of touch. Sometimes it feels like it'll never happen. But that's not true. However, your time horizon for when it will happen may be different from what you expected and Your neighborhood might be different from where You're That's also true. You said it's a very hot neighborhood. They're Building. You may not be moving into that neighborhood. You obviously can't afford it. So what would it look like exactly to look in a different neighborhood? Or what would it look like to just change your expectation a little bit? Because to put yourself in a situation where you're at 50% for you to be trying to convince it's not sustainable, convince us that that's a good idea.


It's not Sustainable. You, you know, everything that comes up. 'cause you don't leave enough room in your budget 'cause it's all, you're what we call house poor. You're signing up for poverty and everything that comes up that you guys wanna do or need to do that is not, that you don't have room for in the budget is gonna be new debt. And so you're gonna run up a pile of credit card debt, a card debt, and you're gonna run up some other debts here and there because you pinched yourself with this house payment. And let me get, let me tell you the, the way the indexes are set on adjustable rate mortgages, they're set, the, the interest that they give you going in is a bait and switch because it's not even covering the index. Meaning if interest rates don't go down, they would have to interest rates would've to go down for your payment to remain the same.


So there's a very high likelihood this payment's going up substantially as soon as it's ready to adjust. And so you've signed up for a rat in a wheel that's skinny. That's what you've signed up for. And, and lemme tell you something else Jerry, 'cause we get this call all the time. You're married, probably newly married. Yes. What happens when you decide to have a baby And what happens when suddenly a wife or a spouse decides to stay home and say, you know what? I wanna stay home with the baby Yout can't. Now you are locked in. No, you can't. And so the best advice I can give you is to think about that future Now. Oh you can't afford daycare either. Yeah. There's not room in The That's I'm saying you're not, there's no foresight here and we're here to help you with that. Gotta think about daycare.


You, You, you guys are so desperate to buy a house in that particular neighborhood. You got house fever and you need to go take a cold shower. Yeah. This is a no, it's a hard pass. No. And it's not. It's not because I don't want you to have a house. I don't want the house to have you. This transaction's going to screw up the next decade of your life. Minimum if you do it, you can just go back and say the mean old nasty guy in Tennessee told me that this was gonna screw up my life. And he was right. You can remember that if you go forward with this, please son, I love you. Please don't do this to yourself and to your new wife. You're signing up for trouble.


You can't afford to live in that neighborhood today. We know that. 'cause you had to put it on a 30 and you had to put it on adjustable and it's still too high. A percentage of your take home pay. There's nothing in this formula that makes sense. Everything in here screams don't do it. Including me over and over. Was I unclear? You weren't. And we don't even know, Jerry, you didn't tell us. If you have no other debt, my guess is you probably already have other debts. Oh my goodness. Yeah. So we're not the cosmic kill joys here. We're trying to keep you from signing up for what you think is a dream. And we're real sure it's a nightmare. No It is. That's all it is. We just want good things for you brother. I want you to reconsider this and not do it.


And then I want you to back up, pan back, zoom out, start looking further out. Look for something a little older. Get your foot in the door on home ownership after you're debt free. Have an emergency fund and you put down a good strong down payment and it's, you buy a fixed rate 15 year where the payments no more than one fourth of your take home pay. And so the translation is, it's gonna be a lot less expensive house than the one you're looking at is got gonna be nearly as cool as the one you're looking at. But you're brand new. Married in Dallas, free in Texas. And for new listen for new couples. That's some of the best advice that I can think of what Dave just said. And think about what your life will be once you have children.


'cause most, you know, I I'm not saying it's for everybody, but most people get, they get married and they plan on having children. And daycare is expensive. If you have two kids, you're at least spending $2,000 a month on daycare. Think about that now think about what does somebody wanna stay home? Could that possibly be in the future? 'cause a lot of times we say no, I'm going right back to work and you don't know what you're gonna do. So please consider that. Because I hate those calls, Dave, when they call in and they just, they they feel like they're between a rock and a hard place because there was no foresight on really what they wanted their life to look like in the future. Well there's, it's, it's all becomes about the house fever. Yeah. And it's gotta buy a house. You gotta buy a house, you gotta buy a house. Everybody's gotta buy a house and everything makes sense. If you buy a house, it's the same stupid thing that we sign up for with education.


No matter what it costs. I gotta go get a degree no matter what it costs. I gotta get a degree. 'cause you can't get ahead without a degree. And so I'm going $200,000 to get a degree in left-handed puppetry and it'll, it'll all work out. Yeah. It's the same kind of, it's it becomes illogical because you're assigned a value to something that it doesn't have. That's right. Home ownership is good. It's not all good when you do it. It's all bad. And you know, don't, don't do this. That's why they call 'em brokers. Broker and broker and broker. That's what you're gonna be. Don't do this. Don't do this. And so I'm sorry if I disappointed your realtor, realtor or your builder. But they shouldn't have told you to buy this house. Oh gosh. A person with a course, a person with ethics would look at a young married couple and go, honey, you can't afford this.


You don't need to do this. Yeah. And instead they're just trying to get a commission. Yeah. So It will be more painful to get this house and have to let it go in two years. You know what I'm saying? To say no. Now the worst it is foreclosed on. Yeah. But it puts strain on your relationship. It puts strain on your career decisions going forward. It puts strain on everything. You do not have margin in this deal. And then you start to resent the house. 'cause it's got you locked down. Yeah. It's it's not good. Well, It's not good. Maybe she resents him for talking her into the house Or he resents her for saying, I want, I want, I need, I need remember, I need, I need, I want remember that from Yeah.


Oh yeah. What what about Bob? That was it. That was it. That was the movie. Wow. Look at your callback. Look at that. I want, I want, I want, I need, I need, I need I knew you'd get that Good old movie. Richard Dreyfus, SPI Murray. That's Right. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows about student loan debt, it's me. My husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out. And you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for autopay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from your student loan debt. If you want it gone, you can't mess around. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


Jade Washau RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thanks for hanging out with us America. Let's face it. Our money and relationships work together to help us win or they work against us, cause us to lose. You don't have to stay stuck in this area. I'm going out with Dr. John Delony on a sixth city tour. We're gonna do the money and relationships tour in this coming Monday. I'm gonna be, we are going to be in Louisville, Kentucky, April the 21st. Durham a week from today, April the 23rd on Wednesday, Atlanta week from Friday, April the 25th, Phoenix, May 5th, Fort Worth May 7th, and Kansas City May 9th.


Tour starts next week. Kansas City and Fort Worth are almost sold out. Do not wait. Get your tickets right now and Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour or click the link in your show notes. Either way, Spencer's with us in Dallas, Texas. Hi Spencer, how are you Doing? Great. Hi Dave. Hi Jade. Thanks for having me on. Hope you're doing well. Got a got a question for you. So I'm currently on step two and expect to make it through step four within the next 12 to 15 months. But great. I'm Looking, I'm looking ahead here and I got kind of a unique mortgage situation and that's kind of what I'm wondering and kind of wanting some insight on.


So about four and a half years ago, my in-laws helped us purchase a house and essentially bought the house for us. And they're our lender and So we pay them a, a mortgage every month, which doesn't include any type of escrow or anything like that. But I set up the payment based on what we could afford and we're never going to pay it off. And my in-laws have had that conversation with us and they're, they're in their late seventies now. So it's basically going to get folded into, you know, some sort of inheritance. Is it in my best interest to e essentially avoid CEP six in this situation? I'm, I'm a little conflicted because it's not really in our best Interest.


So what do you owe your in-laws? So we owe them 3 48, 2 96 Right now the house is Working out and they and they have no intention of receiving that from you before their death? No, not at all. It's, And what's the size of their estate? I don't know that exactly. I've never had that conversation. Well, millions or tens of millions. It's, I would venture it's probably in the millions. I mean he retired in his late fifties. And how many siblings does your wife have? She has one sister. Older sister. Okay. All Right. Right. And Well my suggestion is you all all quit pretending that this is a mortgage, all of you.


And so what I would do is sit down with them and say, look, we need to restructure this. Okay. We either need to go get a mortgage and pay you all off and then we'll get the money. Of course when you pass away as an inheritance or you guys can just take, advance us her a portion of my wife's inheritance by just forgiving this loan. Of course That's what should happen. That's something I've thought about, but it's certainly an awkward situation to have, you know, no one ever wants to have that conversation, but Yeah, I don't, I don't want to have it. But y'all all signed up for this awkwardness And it makes, it makes sense.


It, it feels presumptuous like to go in and say that. I understand that. But it does make sense. And if they're logical people, I feel like they would understand that. And they can do that with what's called the unified estate tax credit file. A one piece of paper with their tax return. There'll be no gift tax on it. And then just your wife's portion of the estate is reduced by 350,000 bucks. And then you have a free and clear house. And we have jumped ahead to baby step seven Of course. Which is a wonderful gift. And then you guys say, we promised to pay, put the equivalent of house payments into investments so that your grandchildren are multimillionaires.


That is the goal. That's what you would tell the parents. I mean, keep moving forward. You tell them their grandkids are gonna be multimillionaires because we're gonna pay a house payment and then some into investments almost immediately because you guys are just pretending it's a, this this is not a real mortgage, it's a form of denial Ex. Exactly. No, it, it is. It's, it's kind of an oddball situation. Yeah. And I I'm not sure how often you've counseled somebody in this type of Situation. Well, I've counseled 'em plenty of times where they had a regular mortgage with the in-laws, which is a mistake too. But because it changes the flavor of Thanksgiving dinner, have you noticed the borrower is slave to the lender and it's weird and it's awkward.


And now every time I'm looking at my father-in-law, I'm looking at my master, not just my father-in-law. And it's, it's weird. I borrowed money from Sharon's dad one time when we were broke and he's the sweetest guy, nicest guy possibly to ever live. He is a sweet man. And I felt like dirt drug into the floor every time I walked in that house until I got that thing paid. He, he never said an unkind word, he never rolled his eyes. He never did. But I felt like poop. Same. And it's just awful. I've been there. That's so true. It just, I mean, and Sharon, it, she didn't care is her daddy. It didn't bother her. I was the only one with my panties in a while. Yeah.


You know, I mean it was just, my god, I felt awful. And so y'all, you know, and that's kind of, he's being pretty chill about it. Yeah. But he's got a little bit of that going on, so Yeah, I he can't Avoid it. I, I would say, look, I, I would say this is an awkward conversation mom and dad. I want to have it because I, the plan is for us to never pay it off. So let's just change the structure of it and reduce the thing and go ahead and release the lien and make it a gift, an advance gift against her portion of the inheritance. And she needs to lead that conversation. No, agreed. I Agree. Agreed. But you need to be sitting there too. And mom and dad look, it's silly because you don't ever expect to get the money. So since you're never gonna get the money, we don't have a plan to get out of debt.


We have to wait on you to die to be debt free. And we don't wanna do that. So we're either going to get a mortgage and pay it off ourself. Yes. Or we're gonna pay you guys off or you're gonna forgive it. So what do y'all wanna do? Because this thing, we're gonna pay a, a small payment that's forever not enough. That's not enough to do anything. And I'm just stuck like a rat in a wheel. No thank you. Yeah, it's a mess.


Our question today is brought to you by why refi, why refi, refinances defaulted private student loans, which are different than federal student loans. And it means you can't even make the required payments if that describes you. Contact of why refi for a low fixed rate loan customized for you. Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Okay. In honor of financial literacy month. Today's question comes from Ava at Agape Christian School. She says, is it necessary at some point to get a credit card? My mom says it is, but I want to think otherwise. Well you are very wise, Ava to want to think otherwise. Yeah. It's not necessary. And it's not wise really to get a credit card. If you're getting a credit card, you're probably doing it for one of three reasons. You're doing it a 'cause you think you're gonna build credit B, you're doing it 'cause you have no money and you're relying on credit cards to fill the gap or see, you've convinced yourself that the points are worth it. And so my guess is that you're probably thinking about building credit and I would tell you That Or your mom is. Yeah, Your mom is. And the truth is, people don't talk about it enough.


We're some of the only ones out here saying that you don't need, you don't need credit to get through life. You can get through life just with the cash that you earn from your income. And a lot of times people fall back on, well how are you supposed to get an apartment? How do you get a car? How do you get a house? Those are the three things that people are looking at. And the truth is, you can't have an apartment without a credit score. Not a big deal. Most of 'em will take you Most Of 'em. Yeah. If you, if one doesn't take you to you Go to the next one. Obviously when it comes to buying a car, we would say the best way to do that is to save up and pay cash. The first car that you buy is probably gonna be The only way to do That. Yeah. What did I say Best? Oh, the only, yeah, Dave got me on that. The only way, yeah, your first car's probably gonna be a junker, maybe pay $5,000 for for it.


But you save up and you trade it in and you add cash with it every time. And before you know it, you're gonna be driving the car that you wanna be driving. And then of course with the house, Ava, we suggest manual underwriting. Okay. And that's just them looking at your actual income to decide if you can borrow this money. And they're looking at things like trade lines and they're looking at things like your income, your actual money. And so that's how that works. I say all the time credit, it's a product, it's something that's being sold to you and people benefit from that. What we're teaching, the only person that really benefits from it is you. You're you, it, it is for you. We don't get paid because we tell you to live a life with a zero credit score. So that's one good way to sniff it out.


Only one reason to have a credit score. Borrow money. If you don't wanna borrow money, you don't need a credit score. Pretty simple. This is The Ramsey Show.


You wanna know more about something, There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting. But you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's. Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby step's. Millionaire get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


You guys, I get it. Inflation is hitting hard right now. Milk, bread, meat, the price of everything has gone up. So you can complain or you can do something about it. Like shop somewhere. Stuff costs less. I'm talking about Aldi, the newest sponsor of The Ramsey Show. Aldi gives you a no nonsense approach to shopping and prices that won't bust your budget. Listen to this, Aldi shoppers can save up to 36% on a typical shopping trip, which adds up to about $4,000 a year for a family of four. So stop over paying for groceries and start shopping smarter at Aldi where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at Aldi dot us. That's Adi US Four three


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you're here. Jade. Washau RAMSEY. Personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. The phone number here is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. The call is free and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. Sarah's with us in Canada. Hi Sarah, how are you? Hi, I am well thanks. How are you? Better Than I deserve. What's up? So my husband and I make a very good living combined and savings is important to both of us for our children's future, for our own retirement.


But we seem to have different philosophies. I think about how we enjoy the fruits of our labors as well. My husband feels like we could always be saving more, but I like the finer things. Yeah, me too. And I want to buy the nice clothes while they still fit. I hear that. So I guess, what's your advice as far as finding a middle ground? Is it okay to splurge a bit on vacations and nicer things in our youth? You Know what? As long as it's not At the Expense, you know I got a feeling you guys are out of debt.


Yes. Well we have our mortgage. Okay. But that's it. Alright. And so you're in baby what we would call baby steps three, four, four, five, and six. You've got your emergency fund, you don't have any debt except the mortgage, right? Correct. And how much is in your nest egg? We've got about 500,000 combined. And what do you make Between our children's about I'm in sales. So it fluctuates between 303 50 a year. Okay. All Right. Cool. So there, there are three things you can do with money and you should do all three at this stage. Okay. Four, five, and six. You can have fun with it, which is lifestyle and things you're talking about, Sarah.


You can invest it, which makes your husband grin. Yeah. And you can be generous with it. Generosity, giving. You should be doing all three. And so what we teach folks to do at your stage, you're still trying to get the house paid off is another one of the things, okay? At your stage is to not be necessarily be intense, but to be intentional, which would include some fun things. And so the trade off is not how much we invest. 'cause you shouldn't be investing more than 15% at this stage. 15% of your household income should be invested. More than that needs to go on the house. Anything beyond that. Okay. Now in that budget then we need to budget some enjoyment.


We make several hundred thousand dollars a year. Sounds like you've probably got a net worth north of a million dollars, counting your home equity and so forth. Or close. You're, you're in control, you're not, you know, you're not flopping around out there spending like you're in Congress or something. Right? Listen, I'll filter. I'll take that one step further because my husband and I we're working to pay off our house. So in a similar situation, and I kind of have this checklist, Sarah, that I go through in my head when it's time to buy something or spend money on something, it's a financially responsible adult checklist. All Right? And if you check green on everything, then it's usually an A Yes. And then it's just deciding what the parameters are. So A, if you're a person who's debt free, which you are green, check B.


If you're a person who is consistently budgeting, like you are a budgeter, you live on a budget, you've practiced the habits at a budget puts in place for you green check. Are you a person who carries the proper insurances? Have you done your checklist? You know your coverage checkup and you're making sure that you have everything in place? Yes. Green check. Are you a person who values and is saving for the future? And Dave went through that. Or do you have your three to six months emergency fund? Yes. Are you investing 15%? Yes. And are you actively paying more towards your home, which is a forced savings account. Yeah. Green check. And then finally, are you a person who prioritizes generosity? So if you're checking green on all five of those things on that checklist, that is a really good indicator.


And it kind of gives, gives you eyes. Yeah. You, you peace clothes go on a trip. You're not doing anything wrong. You're doing everything right. And that's what it's reminding you of. And then you can go, okay, yeah, If I could do that. If you spend to the point if have, have financially Irresponsible decisions In there, no, it's not irresponsible. If you spend to the point you're doing no extra on the mortgage and no generosity, that's irresponsible. Yeah. It'll tell you If he saves and pays down on the mortgage and there's no fund in a $350,000 household income. Right. That's wrong. Right. 'cause you need to budget something for fun. So we need to, you know, the the, you actually make enough to do all of it.


It's just a matter of how much goes to each. Okay. But there's something has to go on generosity that you feel it, something has to go on the house, that you feel it and something has to Go to fun. That you feel it and you've got the money to do all three, Right? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. And that's a matter of you all working together. We're Working for free. 55. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's not a matter of age, it's a matter of, I mean, if you're 55 and you call me up, you got $80,000 in car payments. We're not even having this discussion, right? I don't care about your clothing desires. You have a disaster and you know, screw it. You have to wear what's in your closet. All Right? But you're, that's not you.


Okay. That's not your situation. And you know, and the next thing that'll happen is the house will get paid off and then the next thing that'll happen is his savings bent will that, that gift that you have a husband that saves will, will start to have fruition. And you're gonna look up, you've got several million dollars in a paid for house. Now your generosity and your fund is going to Go to a whole nother level while still building wealth. And, and that's the baby. Step seven. When you hit up there and you've got the house paid off, it frees up yet again. It does it again. And so, but always in baby steps four, five, and six, be intentional and do Jade's adult financial checklist.


Financially Responsible adult checklist. I like that. That's what I'm doing in my mind. That's Financially responsible. Adult check list. Yeah. A freckle. A freckle. Okay. You need a freckle? You can, you can keep that one. Yeah. I think that's probably bad. I just made that up here, here. And I think we'll let that die today on the air. We can, we can. Well then put that one behind us, but yeah. Yeah. I like that though. I mean, 'cause what that's telling us is we're we're touching the bases. Yes. And we're being a grownup. Yeah. Because when we have, when we look at our screen, y'all don't know this, but we have a screen call screener Christian. And the folks in our, our booth, the booth people do the call screening in there and they put up here someone's name, where they're from in one sentence about what they're calling about.


So my husband and I disagree on our fund money. Is it okay to have fun? Yeah. When we see that, that line, most of the time it's a different answer than she got. That's right. Because they've been irresponsible And they want to be Yeah. And they're having a little princess fit. That's right. Or a little prince fit, whichever is But I, I love telling people Yes. When we can see I work hard and I deserve it. No, you don't. You deserve it. If you got the freaking money. That's right. Not 'cause you worked hard. We all work hard, you know, get a little cheese with that wine. Seriously. Unbelievable. Right? I mean, we all work hard. That's right. That's not the issue. That's right. Issue is, are you a grownup? Do you have a freckle? Do you have your freckle?


Do you have your freckle in place? No, that's right. That's So good. That is so good. Because I mean, the deal, the deal is Sarah, the answer. You know, the thing is what we might have judged you before we brought you up and asked you questions was not true about you. You're a very responsible person. You all have done a great job together in tandem. And I think the answer to your question overall is you win the argument your husband needs to loosen up a little. That's what it sounds like. Y'all in enjoy this. And these days, Sharon and I look at each other when something comes up and we go, why wouldn't I got the money? Why wouldn't I?


You got your fle. God got your fle. God, I hope that, I hope that dies with that segment. This is The Ramsey Show.


As an investor and a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news. Timothy Plan offers investments for people who wanna be intentional about where their money goes. As the pioneering force and biblically responsible investing. Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're Searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider funds investment objective risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs, distributed by four side fund services, LLC.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month, we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner, and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter. No purchase is necessary, and you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


Well, let's face it, our money and our relationships are intertwined and sometimes they're both outta whack. We're gonna help you. Dr. John Delony and I are coming to six cities with the money and relationships tour, raising great kids, handling money, fights the right way, making real friends in the 21st century. Is marriage a good idea? Still? Ooh, is is wealthy evil? Ooh. Subjects we could cover, we can. We're gonna cover a lot of different stuff. It's gonna be a lot of fun. Louisville one week away. April 21st. Louisville, Kentucky, Durham, and April 23rd. That's a week from Wednesday in Atlanta. A week from Friday, April the 25th, Phoenix, May 5th and Fort Worth, may seven, and Kansas City. May nine Tickets are not sold out. You can still get yours. Please come. We would love to have you. We're gonna laugh together. We're gonna cry together, and you're gonna leave with information that's life changing and a lot of interaction in this. It's gonna be a lot of fun. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. If you're on YouTube or podcast, click the link in the show notes, please.


Josh is in San Antonio. Hi Josh. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Yes. So I'm just calling to see if I need to sell my car or not for your opinion. Okay. What do y'all want it? I owe, well, so it's my car. I owe 7,000 on it and my wife has one for 8,000 as well. It'll be owe 8,000. Okay. What's your car, your $7,000 car worth? About 19. Okay. And what's her 8,000 a car worth? About the same. Okay. And what do you make Together? Our household income is after taxes, about 83,000.


Okay. Is this the only debt? No, I also have a $2,000 credit from a home home security and 23,000 in student loans. Okay. Yeah, I mean, I'd probably, I definitely would offload one of these. Do, did you pick yours? Just because it's a little bit older. It's actually newer and it's smaller and we have a, a child and Got it. We were expecting another one, but not anymore. But we have, we have a, a child and maybe more soon. Okay. I mean, yeah, I would definitely do that. Truthfully, if you wanted to, you don't have to, but if you wanted to, you could offload the other one and maybe take 10 of it and finish out the debt completely and then buy another one with the other, you know, with the other nine.


I don't know if you wanna get that extreme. You don't have to because you're gonna have these paid off so quickly, but because of the equity in them, it's kind of nice to How, How long have you have access to that? How long have you been working on this stuff, Josh? As far I as getting outta debt, just a couple months. We've done a good amount about over 6,000, I think months. How long have y'all been married? Months. Been married two years. Yeah. And when did she lose the baby? Oh, very recently. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Yeah, a couple months ago. About two, two months ago. Yeah. Okay. When you guys get on a detailed EveryDollar budget and you get fired up, you are gonna plow through this debt pretty quick.


Okay. Because, you know, $50,000 makes you free. Yeah. And you know, you could make, you could make 25,000 next year this year at a side hustle. I, I am trying that as well. Plus, plus tight plus tightening down the budget. And so hypothetically you could keep the cars, but if you have a car that doesn't fit with your family plans anyway. Yeah. That's an easy one to offload. I don't recommend if your wife has gone through what she's been through and you all have been through, I don't recommend selling her car right now. Just, just let her Yeah, that's why I only did mine.


Yeah, I think that's, I think, I don't, I don't think we need to throw sacrifice at her today. Okay. But I think we do need to sit down and get on a written plan and make this money behave for the first time ever in your lives and get in attack mode. And so since you are probably gonna need to do something different on your car anyway. Yeah. Sell it and buy, buy something for $5,000 and throw the rest of it at debt. And for a little while, while you get out of debt, the next year and a half or so, you drive a hoopty, whoopy, no big deal. You can do that for $5,000. You can get a very reliable Honda Camry or something like that.


Not necessarily pretty, might need to give it a name, but you know, it's that kind of car. Right. But it's, it's my get out of debt car while I'm getting, getting my fa getting the financial foundation laid for my family growth. Mm. That's called being a grownup and being a good man. I like your question a lot. I I do have one thing to add though. Okay. We do also have 17,000 just sitting in our bank account right now. Oh, Well Thanks for burying the lead. Okay. That's Important. Yeah. That changes things a lot. Yeah. We're Just afraid. We're afraid. Okay. So here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna, today we're gonna talk about selling your car and we're gonna pay off her car and the stupid home security loan that was dumber than a rock.


Yes. And then we're gonna start attacking the student loan. And let's see, we've got 17 and 19 is seven. Yeah. 12 and seven. You got 24 and 10 is four. We got, Hey man, you only have nine $19,000 left on your student loan. Wow. And that's it. And you're driving a $5,000 car. We put the difference on the student on the student loan. We pay off her her loan and the other tonight. And we're gonna put you on the baby steps. Baby steps are, you take all your savings down to a thousand dollars and you attack your debt.


Like your life depends on it because if you didn't have any payments right now, you would be breathing different as your family's going through this tragedy and this sadness. But you've got this stuff hanging over your head and the grief Agreed. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So let's clean it up, man. I think that's a real gift to this emotional situation to pay off her car tonight. I agree. And the home security loan. Oh my gosh. It's kind of a no brainer. And, and then we're gonna throw, you know, everything else down to a thousand dollars at the Yeah, you're gonna make a lot of progress.


This is so great. Instantly. Yeah. Yeah. You're gonna knock, you're gonna knock it down in 25, 26 tonight, and then when your car sells, you buy a 5,000 car, you're gonna knock it on down to 19. Oh my gosh. You're gonna be debt free by football season. Oh, that's great. Because I'm a, I'm a a teacher that's very involved in marching. Okay, Good, good. Well great. That I, that doesn't mean you get to Go to any games, but you'll be debt free by football. No, you get debt free man, when you don't have any payments, but a house payment, the next thing you do is you take that a thousand dollars account and you raise it up to three to six months of expenses. He's gonna do this. Yeah, He's gonna do this. I'm glad he told us about the 17,000.


You know what babies and the promise of babies will wake you up 100%. It will get your butt in gear. It's like, Oh no, this just got real 100. Yes, yes. I have to feed this thing. Yep. It ain't going any Yes. And as to buy diapers. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Wow. Yeah, that it's a good thing you have that moment. We had a dead free scream in a different segment that the guy said, you know, when the kids got ready to Go to college that I had no crap moment. When you have that moment, you go, oh man, this just got real. And then you kind of start getting disgusted. That's right. We make too much money to be this broke.


And then you say, I've had it. And when you finally say that, oh, your life is about to change. It's so wonderful. That was the main motivator when Sam and I were getting out of debt is I, I was like, how, how can we have a family? We have to clean this up. And I mean, that was our choice, but there was no way I could foresee us starting a family with that amount of debt. And so it was necessity. Yeah. Yeah. In that case, an emotional necessity. Yeah, that's right. But that's a fair necessity. Yeah. You know, good stuff. Good stuff. You're a good man. Hang on buddy. We're gonna give you a, a copy or we're gonna give you EveryDollar is what I'm trying to say. The premium version to help you get started on this budget.


I'll send him a copy of Total Money Makeover too. So he and his wife have got a roadmap to follow those baby steps and do exactly what I just told him to do. This is The Ramsey Show.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news, Nokbox, that's NOK Box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy memories, not a mess when you pass away. Nokbox is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history and one manageable place. Your family will feel your love in every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them at Nokbox dot com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's n okay box.com/ RAMSEY.


People ask me all the time, George, what's your number one money saving hack? I'm glad you asked. Nothing makes me happier than helping another frugal friend. So here's the hack. Get on a budget. Seriously, how are you supposed to save money if you don't know how much you're spending in the first place? And that's what makes the EveryDollar budgeting app a game changer. With EveryDollar, you'll get a clear picture of your spending and from there it's easy to see where you can get more intentional cut back and save more money. So how much money are we talking here? Well, the average EveryDollar Budgeter frees up $395 in their first budget. That's the hack. And if you ask me, I think you're way above average and you'll save even more. So what are you do when still listening to me go download the EveryDollar app for free and start saving more money. Right now


Nicole is in Jackson, Mississippi. Hey Nicole. What's up? Hey, how are y'all? Dar? Good. Great. What's up? My question today is very simple, kind of whether my husband and I should move from apartments or not. Oh. What's causing you to consider this? What's going on? Basically there's just lack of peace in our life right now. And so we're trying to strive towards peace. And so we're Considering that was pretty vague. What is going on? Yeah. What's causing the lack of peace? So just to give you a little bit of a background, right now we are at an apartment that we've been in for four years that costs about $800 a month, is all included.


It even has a storage unit downstairs that we can put a bunch of stuff for free. It comes with all utilities, everything sounds great. It would be spacious. And it has allowed us to get debt free. We have our emergency fund. We've even saved for school, for my, my husband and I to both Go to get our master's degree in pursuit of also more peace. Great. And we are now in the process of saving for a down payment. And the problem is our landlord, we have been having a little bit of a, a conflict with him and he also hates conflict. So his li communication skills is, is are very, very poor. And so What's the nature of the conflict?


Well it seems like our toilet broke recently and he told us, I'm sure y'all can figure it out. Y'all have a blessed day, stuff like that. Not have a blessed day. Okay. Yeah. And we, we also don't have a contract with him so things can change at any moment's. Notice we, things like the washer and dryer, the apartment doesn't come with a hookup and So we have to use his apartment, his dryer and washer. And every time we need to use it, we have to ask if it's available. And with That, did this recently change? Did this, I mean you said you've been there for four years. Was it fine and then suddenly it just kind of got weird? Or has it always been like this and now you just can't take it anymore? I think it's gotten more, I think the boundaries between professional and personal have kind of blurred to where, because there's not a contract, there's not really a line as to what he will take care of or what we are taking care Of.


Contract was there before A line contract? No. Was there a contract Contract? No. No sir. There wasn't. Okay. And there and, and so that didn't change. You brought up a contract three times but it hadn't changed. Yeah, no. So what's changed is, is that his behavior has just gotten a little weird. Yes it has. Okay. And we've confronted him. I had a conversation recently with him about it and it doesn't seem to have changed at all. Now the scary part here is that we are looking at moving at other apartments and we found an apartment that is connected to the school that I'm gonna be with that it is about 1300.


About 13 to 1400 a month. And so that is calculating within the two years that I'm gonna be in school or What do you all make? We make it's, it fluctuates because my husband has a contract usage, contract rescue technician, rope rescue technician. And so it goes between 80 to 170. But we have already chosen that we're gonna go part-time here at the end of April. Also for peace because he travels a lot for work and in for long experience expended period Of time. So what would you be bringing home?


Every single month We have decided that we're going to work just enough to pay for bills and put a little bit of a pause on saving for a down payment until, how much is that? Find another Job. How much is that? We're thinking about 50 From one 70. Yes sir. That's a Lot of piece. What's causing the non-PE? Like what about working is causing the non-PE? Help me understand that. His travel, He travels and so But you don't have to cut it to by two thirds? No, no. And he, we are open to him continuing to work. But the only difference would be that he has the more of an option to say when he can go and when he doesn't.


Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah. If He'll cut. Yeah. He doesn't make 170. It makes 140. Oh well but not one 50. No, not 50. And sit at home and twiddle his thumbs. Okay. But Right. And call that a master's. What's he want a master's degree for anyway? In counseling? We both are going towards mental health counseling. Okay. So let's put, put all the pieces together. We're about to take a major pay cut, we're about to increase rent because you can't live with old boy anymore. There's no contract. And since there's no contract you can basically leave at any time. No. You gotta give 30 day notice. You still have to give 30 day. Okay. So those are the, the pieces of the puzzle that I see.


And you mentioned that you wanted to save for a down payment on a house. So it feels like you're wanting to do a lot of things that are going to cause that are gonna need more money. They're inconsistent. These things are inconsistent with each other. You wanted Yeah. And that does not bring peace. Yes. That's called dissonance in the counseling world. It's very good. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I guess the question is, is it worth spending more money and not putting 12,000 in the down payment, which is what we would not be saving. Or do we just put up with it for two more years? See, so they're not, they're they're not all on the same spectrum. Right. Okay. You move 'cause you're dealing with a twerp but you work a little more so you can still hit your goals.


That's right. And that's called peace. Yeah. Peace is not lack of working. Yes. Peace is lack of money. Lack of peace. Lack of peace is lack of money that doesn't bring peace. Being poor is not peaceful. No. Yeah. Okay. And and so yeah, you know I would move, get yourself in a different situation. You're over this guy and you're done with him. Yeah. I don't know exactly what he did, but you're done with him, we can tell you. Yeah. Okay. So far all you've said is he didn't fix a toilet. That's the only thing you said. And he, and he's a little whiny about when you use the washer and dryer that you've used for four years, but that's it.


So yeah, move. That's fine. And you're gonna pick up a little expense and you're gonna start on your master's and in order to pay for your masters and the extra expense work, you're not gonna get to cut your work down to 50 K from 170 K. You're gonna cut it down to maybe a hundred or a little bit. Take some of his time off the road. I ain't got any problem with that. But he's not working himself to death. I'm sorry. I believe You And you're probably gonna have to prioritize what's more important these master's degrees or saving up for a down payment. You're probably not gonna be able to do all of it at one time. So. Yeah. Yeah. I'm thinking just to remind everybody, hard work won't kill you right before you die. You pass out. That's not, you just, you can go get stuff done.


I mean the stuff you and Sam did while y'all were getting outta debt was not, you were solving for peace by getting outta debt. That's right. Not by cutting your hours down to nothing. You added 70,000 hours to the middle of the thing and you went bananas. That's right. You're right. And Sharon and I did the same thing 'cause we were solving for peace, but it required an amazing amount of hours and sacrifice. We lived like no one else. So that later we could live and give like no one else. No discipline seems pleasant at the time, but it yields a har harvest of righteousness. The scripture says so. Yeah, the one of the things we've learned over the years, Nicole, is that Earl Nightingale used to say this, that the things you're willing to do to get to your goals are not the problem.


It's the things you're not willing to give up to get to your goals. That's good. You gotta give up some stuff to get to your goals. You gotta pay a price and you're gonna pay a price. So choose your hard, the loan says choose your hard, which hard thing do you want? That's very accurate. You know, Pick one of them and take it. And I don't care if the hard thing's putting up with the landlord and staying in the 800 fine. That's the hard thing you chose and you wanna pull back on the, pull back on the hours and pull back on the income. Okay. You chose your hard but you got a new hard. It's gonna be a long time before you get a house. Yeah, that's right. You got a new hard, one of you is working on your master's and the other one probably isn't right now.


'cause you probably don't have the money to do both if you do all that. So you gotta choose which thing is gonna be hard and you can't do it all. It's, you know, it's not fruitcake. That's not an option. You can't put it all in there. Yeah. I like to think of it as trades. You're you, you are trading trading. You're always trading one thing for another thing. And then you get to decide what do I, what would I rather have? Well, but you can't do it all and it all work. It doesn't. And call that solving for peace. It's not


The money and relationships tour is halfway over and the energy in every room has been unreal. Each stop has been packed with real talk big laughs and life changing moments. Now it's your turn. Come hang out with me and Dr. John Delony in a city near you for a night that could change your money, your relationships, and your future. This is your last chance to join us in Phoenix Fort Worth, or Kansas City the week of May 5th. Grab your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour


Our, Our scripture of today. The Lord will fight for you. You need only to be still. Oh, shut up. I can't, it's so hard. Will, will Rogers said The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking spaces. Okay, interesting. Oh, you park or you can drive on the road. Interesting. Okay. I got that. Will. He was classic crystal's with us in Portland, Oregon. Hey Crystal, what's up? Hi Dave and Jade. Thanks for having me. Sure. How can we help? My husband and I will be retiring at the end of the year.


Congratulations. We followed baby Steps. Thanks. We followed the baby steps for multiple years and we're debt free including the house. Yay. And have a fully funded emergency fund. And, but it's always been our understanding that the emergency fund is to tie us over if we ever had a loss of income. So once we retire and are no longer dependent on the employment paycheck, do we continue to keep the same level of cash on hand or would we be better off investing that money To start with? The emergency fund is not to tide you over in the case of loss of income. Okay. It's to cover, it's to cover emergencies. One of those could be a loss of income. Another could be the transmission goes out, another could be a family member's ill and you need to buy some airline tickets instantaneously to fly across the nation to see them.


You could have all kinds of things that have nothing to do with loss of income. A medical emergency would not be a loss of, it could include a loss of income, but, but it doesn't necessarily. And so that's the first thing. Then the second thing is what ends up happening, and Sharon and I have experienced this and I know Jade and Sam have too, is that as you move along, and you guys have done a wonderful job, crystal, thank you. Your, your likelihood of actually what is defined as an emergency that's big enough to touch, touch. The emergency fund gets bigger and bigger. When we first started a tire, going out on the car was an emergency.


Now we yawn and fix the tire. You know, 'cause we don't have any payments. There's plenty of room in the budget. It's not exactly an emergency. But when we were broke, a blown tire was an emergency. You follow me? Yeah. And then, you know, when you, and now that you guys have a substantial net worth, you can do just about anything you want to do. You've done a great job of paying off everything. You don't have a house payment. And so if you're heating and air goes out and it's $15,000, you probably can just cash flow that. Agreed. Agreed. Yes. So you're, you know, you wouldn't touch the emergency. But can you imagine 10 years ago if the heat and error went out in his 50 Yeah. You, you'd be touching the emergency fund.


You weren't at this stage then. So the what is def what is a, an emergency that is big enough to touch the emergency fund. It's gotta get pretty big. The more wealthy you become. So your actual need for the cash emergency fund does go down the wealthier and more debt free you get. Does that make sense? It does. Yes. So yeah. So you're holding how much cash now and calling in an emergency fund 25,000 And your household income is what, 205 And your net worth is what? 3.2 million. Okay. 20 five's not bad. I mean, you could just keep that in the cash, in the safe.


It wouldn't be a big deal That terrifies me. You know. Well, I'm not telling you to do that. I was joking, but you know, and I, I wouldn't, but the, you know, you see what I'm saying? It's not a but 20, the, if you took, took the emergency fund to 5,000 and invested the other 20, it doesn't change your life. Okay. Doesn't really change anything. If you, so if you want to, you can. 'cause if you needed more than 5,000, then you could go, you know, just take some money outta that mutual fund that you put it in. Right. And you can, and if it happened to be when the market was down because maybe the president screwed with the market with the tariffs and all that garbage, then, you know, at that moment you had to pull some money out.


Well, you might lose a little bit. Oh well you don't, you know, instead of 3.2 you have 3.1 9 9 9 9 9. Oh well, you know, I mean, you're gonna be okay. So it doesn't, it, it again, it, it doesn't do away with the emergency. I still would have one 'cause some liquid cash to lay your hands on if you need something quick. I think that's a good thing to have. It's a good thing to have. And I don't think 20 five's too much in your world. If you told me you had a hundred grand, I'd tell you to back it down to 25. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I, It's a good question. It's a good question. Y you do, but I have noticed, have you noticed that too with you and Sam that as you, as you get further down the baby steps? Yes. The, what we used to call an emergency now is gone. Yeah. It's just, okay, I'll just cash flow it.


Yeah. The, you know, the, the kid bumped their head and we gotta get staples in the emergency room, you know. Yeah. I don't wanna dip into the emergency Fund. Yeah. I mean, one of the grandkids bumped his head the other day and you know, that's part of raising a kid. You, they, they split their head open so you gotta go fix it. Right. Some of its put staples in it, of some of It too is like a, I don't know, I don't know if it's, I don't know the right word to describe it, but we hate touching the emer. It's in, it's in a completely different bank. Yeah. And Well, I mean, Sharon, she's just there because, because we went so completely bankrupt. We had an emergency fund for the emergency fund. I mean, and she, she told me if I touched either one of 'em, I was gonna die. So that, that is, I mean, she can't stand it.


It's like that touches her nerve from the old days. Yeah. That's Jaden, Sam is over there. I will do anything to never touch that much. I just wanna look At it. Bob's in Birmingham. Hey Bob, what's up? Hi Dave and Jake, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? My question is, I'm 61 years old. I got about six more years before I retire. I currently have a traditional 401k with the government. And I'm trying to find out, we have now paid off both our houses and we have about $2,500 a month more to invest. Should I max out the 31,000 a year into my current traditional 401k or would I be better off taking that 2,500 in possibly getting a smart investor investing, you know, into a Roth?


Well, your gains are, your gains are gonna Oh, if you do it into a Roth, that's fine, but you can't get that much into a Roth. Can you do a 401k Roth with the government? We cannot. No. So it's a traditional form. My wife has a Roth IRA with the company she works for in the government though. Can you load that one up? We, we could, but she's, she's only 50 years old, So we only have so much we can go with that. But you don't sound like you need money. Well, I, I'm trying to play catch up, you know, my current, my current situation and traditional 80,000 about what the size of your nest egg, The size of the nest egg is about 600,000, 700,000.


How old are you? You told me you I'm 61. My wife. You told me you're 61. Yeah. And your wife's 50. Okay, well, the, the, okay, so there's two options. Use the Roth, I would not use traditional because it's gonna be subject to RMDs when you're 72 re required minimum distributions. Okay. Or 74. Yes. I think I moved it forward. But anyway, either way you're gonna have to be, you're gonna have to, it's gonna screw up your taxes late in life and I wouldn't do it. So I would either put it, get with a smart investor and put it in a low turnover mutual fund to where the taxes don't come due. The, and if they do, it's very few of 'em. Or I would load up her Roth or both.


Okay. Any of those are fine, but I would not put it in your traditional, because that traditional as an inherited IRA has to be distributed with your heirs in 10 years because they're gonna clean it out and all the taxes are gonna come due. And with, with a Roth, there is none. And so it's all tax free and it's tax free on an inherited IRA so it doesn't cost anybody anything. We're done. So that's why I love the Roth aspect of this. So I would do two individual Roth, I'd do load up your Roth and his I'd load up your Roth and her Roth for sure. I might load up some over in her fund. You got 30,000 bucks to work with and you know, you could do a low, what's called a low turnover mutual fund so the taxes aren't activated.


That's Good. That's good. I do the Same thing. Yeah, that's, that's a good way to do it. The low turnover means they don't sell the mu sell the stocks inside the mutual fund very often so the taxes aren't activated. Got it. Got It. They're not activated until you sell the fund itself. And when you do it's tax to capital gains rate, which is 15% rather than ordinary income, which that traditional would be tax to ordinary income. So we're gonna do a, a low turnover mutual fund and or some mix of her Roth and individual Roths.


And I would sit down and run the numbers with your smart investor pro clicking at Ramsey Solutions dot com on smart ster to find out who we recommend in your area and run the numbers out and see how that's gonna work out for you. But I don't wanna be subject to the problems of traditional, which is full tax bill, RMDs and inheritance problems. It creates all of those. So I'm always gonna move over to Roth for those reasons, especially at y'all's age. So good stuff that puts us out of The Ramsey Show in the books.


We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace, and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace Christ Jesus. Go call every coach over.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. By The way, Go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay. I I I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay, byebye, now You had it. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.