
North Carolina, the countdown is on me. And Dr. John Delony will be with you live next Wednesday, April 23rd. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Durham. Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free to today live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships.


Jade Wasaw RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you are here. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. You jump in and we'll talk to you. Abigail's in Portland, Oregon. Hey Abigail, how are you? Good morning, Jade and Dave. So such a pleasure to talk with you. Thank you so much. Sure. How can we help? Well, I'm 70 and working a great deal, trying very hard to make it possible to retire by 80 recently. So this last year I've had two offers from a company that would, if I followed those, they would probably make it possible for me to retire within a few years.


But I, I feel a need to really, of this company. And I'm not sure how to go about that to be real thorough and making sure I'm not gonna get myself into a big pickle. Another thing is that my husband would never approve of this, but he's in very poor health and doesn't expect to live long. What are we talking about? Whoa, what are we talking about? This is a company that establishes solar farms across the nation and they pay a good rate of rent for your acreage. And they installed Oh.


And, and you've had two different offers From the same company. Okay. I mean, it's the Same offer and it's basically they wanna lease the land for 15 years. Right. For 30 to 40 years. 30 To 40 years. Okay. All Right. I've looked at these deals, I've had some friends that had some that were a little bit older than you. And the only question in the deal is twofold. Number one, you've gotta make sure the company is solvent and in the event of that they're strong financially. In other words, in the event they go bankrupt, obviously this lease is canceled and then you've got a bunch of junk on your farm.


Yes. Okay. That's gotta be hauled off. It's very expensive to get rid of it. Yes. And so you've gotta make sure this company's got 30 years worth of staying power financially. You're probably not gonna be here 30 years. I doubt I'm living to one 10, but, but you might, but, and, and, but, but you're leaving this a mess for your heirs then. And Right. My friend that was in their eighties was talking to their kids about what their kids wanted to do. 'cause it really would only affect the 80-year-old for a period of time. Right. That's true. And the kids would then have the issue with the farm, family farm having a solar farm on it.


So why would your husband not do it? He loves his farmland. Okay. Just that simple. Okay. The other downside is that you basically can do nothing with your piece of ground. It, it now has a, it now has a lien against it. I mean, you could sell it, but it's still encumbered by this lease. It's a lien on the property. Yes. And so if someone wanted, if someone wanted to buy, buy it, they couldn't, they'd have to accept the lease as part of the equation. Yes. And so that's how our, our friend decided not to do it because he didn't want that.


He didn't want the farm tied up for the kids. What is The land worth Currently? About 3 million. And how many acres are there? It, it would be 45 acres. And how many and what are they offering you for and how much of it are they gonna tie up? It would be, most of it all be about six acres. Wow. Well, it would be 45, we would be renting, but it would be about 4 million over 40 years. You know what I, you're not gonna like my answer, but I wouldn't tie up a $3 million asset for that and have my whole backyard full of this.


I would, yeah. I I would instead I would sell some of it. Well, thank you for that. That has been a consideration. I would sell, I would sell 10 acres and use that money to live off of. Yes. And we could do that. And it's also something my husband is not eager to do. I I'm sure he would not wanna do either of these things, but that's emotional. And we're talking about how you're gonna eat, which is what you're worried about. You're working at 70 years old, worried about how you're gonna eat at 80. Yes. Yeah. And so, I I'm, your husband didn't save enough money when he was young and working to provide for his wife's food.


And So we're gonna sell some of his land to do that. That, I'm sorry that sounds cold, but I mean, that's the way my mind works. Okay. And so, yes. Yeah. I, I I'm gonna pick out how I can carve off and make a million and a half on 10 of the 45 acres that are some, maybe some premium, a premium cut of the 45. Right. And you just gotta decide how you're gonna parcel that out in Portland, Oregon. And, and I'm gonna start talking to a real estate agent about subdividing this and how I can, where I can drop a line. I love that with a surveyor. And I'm gonna do that to eat with. And you still get to live in the place. You still got 35 acres, which is very nice if you do It and it's the way that he wants it.


And if you do it properly, you get to configure, which 35 it is. Right. But we've gotta get enough out of the other to sit down with an investment broker and create an account. And, and if you did it right, you probably could get a million and a half if the whole thing's worth three. I bet you could sell a third a, a fourth of it for a million and a half. I bet you could. And Then you think about in the future when her heirs get it, what it's appreciated to. And now they don't have to deal with the red tape of having that Yeah. That solar lease on there. Yeah. It, the problem with, again, her situation and the situation I looked at was the same one was not as much the next 10 years, it was the following 20 years. Ooh, that's a long time. Yeah.


It's a, it's a ground lease. Yeah. It's a, you can do long-term ground leases in commercial real estate, but this is go, this is, it's not a scam. It's an actual offer. And, and, but you know, the one thing we do know about solar is it's technology. And I can tell you this, you know what a 20-year-old solar panel is? Useless. Useless. Because the technology has advanced dramatically in the last 20 years. And so what you've got is, you know, you've got something the size of a tractor trailer Oh, that's doing what something that would, that the size of a car would now do. Right. Right, right, right. And so, And they've gotta dispose of that. And it's, And it's, it's, you know, it's a big old bunch of junk to haul off.


Holy Smokes. Yeah. And, and yet we bought it thinking, oh, we're gonna make all this money over all these years when people are buying solar. Now you can buy solar. There's nothing wrong with buying solar. I don't have a problem with that. This is a different discussion here. This is people leasing her land and then what they do is they sell it to the local. They sell, the electricity is created to the local utility. Interesting. And that's where they make their money back. Yeah. It just didn't feel like a fair deal. 4 million over 40 years for a piece that's worth 3 million today. Felt i'd, I'd want more. At the very least, I'd want more money out of the deal. Well, you Still own the ground, but you can't do anything with it. That's what I'm saying. So at that point, like you said, it's kind of useless at that point. So Yeah, Exactly. Good discussion. You know, it's the lean against this interesting discussion.


I've not had that on the air before. I did have it obviously off air one time. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years, they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work. If you become a victim. It's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Well look who's in the house. Brian Buffini, one of the nation's top business experts, founder of bini and Company based in Carlsbad, California. The firm is dedicated to sharing the powerful message of lead generation systems, primarily started out in the real estate world. Brian and I met each other probably 20 years ago. He's a New York Times bestselling author and speaks for us regularly. And entree leadership will be coming back with us in 26 and was in town doing some other stuff. Came over and did our staff devotional this morning. Yeah. And owned it again. Absolutely fabulous. Welcome back my friend. Thanks for having me. Great to be back. Absolutely. So, the ones that don't know the story, you came here from Ireland in the eighties and you've got this classic American dream rich story with a rags to riches being a legal immigrant.


Yes. And is that still possible now? Yeah, I'd say more possible now than ever. Why is That? Well, you know, I have six kids, so I I, they get this seminar all the time. You know, I, I think if you don't have a sense of entitlement, it grew up not having much. Have a appreciation for the opportunity. And you get to see the opportunity. You know, phish discovers water last. And here's the other thing, and again, I am, I, if you ask people like myself who are immigrants to America, they're the most fanatical Americans. I became American by choice, not by birth. I'm, my kids are in military and so on and so forth. But I'll say this, I'd say the work ethic in the United States is not what it was 35 years ago, 40 years ago when I came, money is more available than it ever was.


And so I think money's available. Your competition's not working that hard. People are a little bit of entitled. And I'll say this, if I was 19 years of age and I happened to get hit by a car like I did in 1986, I think I could build my fortune in half the time. Wow. Why be Because, because there's just not any competition. 'cause you've out work from The opportunity is more than ever the opportunity. The American economy business is so much bigger. There's so much bigger markets than ever before. You don't need the, you know, with social media and the things that you can do to market and advertise yourself, now you can go so much faster. You know, Dave, you building your brand today compared to building your brand when you started out. Yeah. You know, There was no internet when we started. There Was no internet. Same thing. And then capital is available when needed for certain things.


So I just think that, and I do think a little bit, and again, that's why a little bit of adversity would be helpful to America is folks want the, they want easy, quick millionaire overnights. That's why internet gambling is huge now. Bitcoin is big now. I want success. I want it now. And I think one of the things about immigrants is you had to sacrifice to come here. That's Right. I mean, I just left my, my mom just passed last week. You know, you had to leave your family and you have to come, you had to pay a price to get here. You guys teach delayed gratification. There's a reason you have a big market. 'cause it's a foreign concept. So There, so there's like a level of skin in the game that you're saying. I was reading a couple statistics and it's, it was something like one in three US millionaires are immigrants at one point, like over 48% on the Forbes 500.


Yeah. Were immigrant run companies. Firstborn or you know, child of an immigrant. Yeah. So you're saying that skin in the game and coming from a sense of not, not approaching it from a sense of entitlement. You think that's the, i I wrote a book about it. I'll give you seven principles in 30 seconds. Number one is a voracious openness to learn. And number two is a, do whatever it takes. Mindset number three is a willingness to outwork others. We just talked about. Number four is a heartfelt spirit of gratitude. Immigrants are very thankful to America. Yeah. And thankful for the opportunity, thankful to their customers. When was the last time somebody said that to you? Thanks for your business. They're willing to invest, they're willing to delay gratification and they always remember where they came from.


And I think if you can always remember where you come from, it gives you great perspective. Dave has his old car on display here, where he used to sell stuff outta the back of the car. It's right when you come into the lobby. Never forgets where he came from. Don't despise humble beginnings. Yes Sir. That's it. Yeah. The you're the, the stats are, the data that we have says if you come to the country legally, you are four times more likely to become a millionaire Yeah. Than someone born here. Yeah. And it's a touchy Subject. Right. And that, those are the reasons. Right. It's a touchy subject. And that's why the legal immigration route is a sacrifice. If people come here for entitlement programs, you've destroyed the very reason to be an immigrant. Wow. You actually take away all of the seven gifts you have. You take away that, we proved it in Ireland.


Ireland, we had, we had 450,000 Eastern Europeans come to Ireland in the mid two thou, early two thousands. And when Ireland got into trouble and had to do an austerity program, cut back all the programs, 450,000 people left the country. So they, they didn't come to contribute. They came to take, you have to be willing to come and make your own. You have to be willing to come and make a, make a name for yourself and make a business for yourself. Make a life for yourself. And you know what's interesting? The, the Americans that I run around with anyway, do not resent that immigrant. Oh, they don't resent the one that came here to add value. They don't resent the one that comes here legally. I don't hear that at all. And so it's not a, a racism thing and it's not a, you know, I just hate people that don't, that weren't born in America thing at all.


'cause American is the land. America is the land of immigrants. Yeah, for Sure. It, it does a terrible disservice to people. Yeah. If you take away the very essence of being an immigrant, it does a terrible disservice. So the podcast, the Brian Buffini podcast, we're talking about bro New York Times bestselling author Brian Buffini today is called It's a Good Life. Be Sure and check it out. So what's been your experience doing a podcast? 'cause you're, you're a speaker. Yeah. A coach extraordinaire. Yeah. And then you sit down behind a microphone like this now. Yeah. Well it's a little different, you know, and I like when I wrote a book, I found out as a writer, I'm a great speaker. And then, and then I found out as I Found out when I was on tv, I got a face for radio. Exactly. And you know, when I, you know, just because you can buy a microphone doesn't make you a broadcaster, you know.


That's true. And being Dave Ramsey's not as easy as people think. I, you know, here's what I do. I I get a chance to interview people I'm really interested in and ask 'em things. I had you on today and I asked you as a business mentor of mine as you have, then I got to ask you some questions that help me in my business today. I got a couple hundred employees I gotta take care of. I got a pretty good business going. And, you know, so I get a chance to meet some fabulous people and ask them their stories. And you hear some wild stuff. You know, The largest and most su successful coaching company in America today, coaching real estate agents by far, not even a close second. I grew up in the real estate business. And so one of the things I've been asked lately, and I was asked this the other day on a podcast that I was a guest on, is Gen Z feels like they can't buy a house.


Millennials too. Yeah. And some millennials feel like they can't talk. Talk about that. 'cause you're square in the middle of it. Now I'm square in the middle of it. And we have some research and I have access to some stuff that isn't really out there in the marketplace today. You know, I don't How old were you when you bought your first house? Yay. 2236. Great. That's, that's the world we live in. So I'd give you two words for the real estate business today. Older and richer. Older and richer. That's who the clients are. Average age of a first time buyer three years ago was 32. Today it's 38. They're putting off, getting married, having kids, and having families. Very destructive to the culture.


The average age of a salary is 63. Huh. So it's older and richer. And so, and it needs to, it needs to shift. And you know, Scott Turner's the new Secretary of housing over development. Good friend of mine played for the Chargers. And I'm meeting with him at the end of the month to, to try to help in this regard. We've gotta create programs to get younger people in the game, but also younger people gotta be willing to do what it takes. And it's this, you gotta be willing to fight for it. You gotta be willing to sacrifice it. Are you willing to do a side hustle? Are you willing to do a side hustle? Yes. Are you willing to save every dime on that side hustle, invest it, grow it. Are you willing to fight for it? It's gotta be that important to you. I think what needs to happen is people need to understand the value, what it means to a family and a culture and a community when you're a homeowner.


And so are you willing to fight for it? One delay, gratification. Are you willing to move a little further outta town to get a start? You know, are you willing to have some difficulty in doing it? Are you willing to not have to go out with your buddies and or take the trips? Are you willing to go, okay. You know, it's ramen. You know, when I bought my, I bought a house. I bought a first house, then I sold it and bought a second one, bought a third, one third house. Nice big home. We had three empty rooms of no furniture for two years. I understand that the Kids Could play and they could roll and do whatever. And guess what? Dad invested. Dad grew and then eventually mom could have all the furniture she wanted. Dude, I was a teenager before we had living room furniture. Yeah. Yeah. And that was a thousand square foot with an unfinished basement. Yeah.


Yeah. You ever play ball in the house? I hadn't even thought About that till you said that. Yeah, because we, it didn't bother us. I didn't need counseling because of it. It's true though. You have to, you have to be willing to do what it takes to get the real estate. My husband and I rented for 10 years so that we could afford and save up in order to do that. So you're right, it's still attainable. You just have to do what it takes. Yeah. You were in the process of seven years and $465,000 in debt to be paid off. So that's what, that's what kicked the can on that one. Can I tell one story before we go? I know we're tight on time. Yep. My mom just passed, as you know. And thank you for the flowers from you and Sharon. My mom and dad were engaged for seven years back in the day. Okay. Gonna be promised to be pure one another, whatever else. Seven years they were engaged. They wouldn't get married until they could buy a house.


Wow. There it Is. There it is. Brian Buffini, ladies and gentlemen, check him out. It's a Good Life is the podcast. And you can follow him at Brian. B-U-F-F-I-N-I. Brian Buffini. Thank you my friend. Thank you guys.


Hey guys, I'm Jade Warshaw and I wanna talk to you for a second about student loan refinancing. Okay. If your payment and interest rate are burying you and you feel like you can't dig out refinancing your student loan might make sense because a lower rate could help you free up more money in your budget. And a shorter term could help you pay down your debt faster. So reach out to the student loan refinancing experts today@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY. There you'll find helpful resources like a student loan rate table, a refinancing calculator, and other tools. Plus you can get an initial rate in just a few minutes. Laurel Road offers low competitive rates starting under 5%. You can even get your interest rate lower if you sign up for auto pay. If your situation is more complex though, sign up for a free 30 minute consultation with one of their student loan refinancing experts to get your tough questions answered. Listen, not everybody should refinance their student loan, so make sure you run the numbers, but for some people it's the right move. Learn more@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY to find out more about their student loan refinancing. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY.


James is in Miami. Hi James. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you. So I just had, I just was wondering if I could get some advice. So I'm about to finish school and me and my fiance are currently going to be about $700,000 in debt. And now that I am finishing up, good Lord, I'm starting to get a little, little worried. I'm worried and I just met you. What are you, who's the doctor? Who's the lawyer? So I am finishing law school here tomorrow actually. And my girlfriend is in her third year of medical school.


Oh my gosh. Both of you. Okay. So you're not done like for her, she still has schooling to go and this could even get greater. Right. So these are the, so her debt is what it will be at the end. Okay. So her debt currently is less this, that calculation is with her. And When are you supposed to get married? We are planning to get married next May. Okay. And well, we don't do anything together until we're together number one. I mean, we could talk about it, which is fine. I don't mind planning for what we're gonna do and that's very wise on your part. But you are graduating now? Yes, sir.


And you're gonna sit for the bar this summer? Yes, sir. In July. Okay. Whew. Good. And she graduates when It's going to be 20, 26 or 2027. Okay. Two, two years. Yes sir. Okay. When is there the opportunity to start making money and what do you think you'll come in at? So, you know, God willing, I will pass the July bar and September is when I would get those results. I have already signed a contract with a firm for 150,000. Okay, that's good. Okay. And her income, obviously during residency, they don't pay them very well.


She's gonna be coming in about 55, 60,000 a year. And she's in residency now, right? Third year? No sir. I'm Sorry. And she's in her third year. Okay. She's in her third year of school. She'll be in residency in two years. So it'll just be my income for the next two years. Okay. And then she'll have 50. So you're going to go 1 50, 200 and then when she gets out, hopefully 400. Yes sir. Yeah. Okay. Well obviously those are the numbers. The income numbers are what we're gonna use to clear up these 750. I can't breathe thousand dollars. So here's the big, I mean, if, if you said, okay, we're gonna live like two college students until this is paid back, you're gonna have it paid back fairly quickly after she graduates That that is, that's the goal.


And one of the questions I was wondering, so you know, outta that 700,000, 350 a thousand of that is the student loan. The other 350,000 is the mortgage that I have on a property that we live in. Oh. So three 50. Oh, Thought you had a okay. Oh no, I thought it was seven 50,000 in student loans. I'm feeling much better now, but not that much better. It's 350,000 in student loans and 350,000 in a mortgage. That pro we have about, I have about When did you buy this house? So I bought this at the beginning of law school. Oh boy. How have you paid for it? I've been working and living off of student loans.


Oh, you've been paying for the house? Yeah. On student loans. Yeah. So the, the rental market down here when I came to law school, What's the, what's the house worth, James? The house is worth currently around 394,000. Oh, so you don't owe, you don't, you owe almost all it what it's worth and you've owned it three years. No, I, I mean, so the way I I the loan is not through a bank. It is through a family member. And they deferred my mortgage for the three years that I was in law school. So I have not collected any interest, nor have I made any payments on the property.


But the property's not gone up in value while you've owned it for three years. Yes sir. It's gone up about 45, 40,000. Nothing. Okay. So I'm shocked. How How easily can you get out of this? Like what's this is, is it sell it like a normal, like what's the terms of this? You can sell it and pay off the family member now, right? Yes sir. Okay. Yeah. Do that. Do you can't have a house right now? Yes. You Have no income. You've got $350,000 of debt and here, do you wanna know where my mind goes in July when you have to sit for the bar and you realize the stress and the pressure that's gonna be on you?


You're, do you see what I'm saying? That plays into how you're going to test it plays into everything. So if I'm in your shoes, I'm trying to offload half of this debt immediately so I can go sit for this bar and realize that I can have, do you see what I'm saying? And alleviate some of that pressure along with some of the debt because this is a scary situation, Right? Get you a one bedroom apartment dude, and eat beans and rice and go to law and, and go to work as a lawyer. You're making one 50 and start cleaning up the remaining debt. We just got rid of half of it by selling it off. And you're not gonna do that 'cause you still think this is a good idea, but you called the wrong show because we love you enough to tell you the truth. It was not a good idea. And you know, and whoever your relative is, is helped you step into a bear trap and, and bear traps take your leg off.


They're, they're not, they're not for playing. And so you need to get, you're not gonna do it. But what you should do mathematically, and the fastest way for you and your fiance to become wealthy is for you to live on nothing. Get a tiny little studio apartment and that, that's costs nothing there in Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. Yeah. And, and then go. And you don't need to live in downtown freaking Miami Beach. You can't afford it. No, no, no, no. And so get out there in the burbs and get you a deal and then work your tail off and live like a college student sitting on a beanbag with concrete blocks for your law, books and boards between them and, you know, and, and whatever, whatever living like a college student looks like in your mind, but not the college you went, not the way you've been going.


So no, not, not a luxury College. And you clean up as much of your dad as you can before you all get married and before she graduates. And the instant she graduates and her kicks in, if yours isn't gone yet, then you use her additional income and you all are married to at that point, to combine everything and attack them in this order. But you should be, if you'll do all of that, you could be a hundred percent debt free in three and a half years from today, including her graduating two years from now. Dave, talk about this for a minute because I think it's worth it. So here we offer a benefit called smart dollar. You can have it in your business, but the, the point of it is the stress that you feel in your life when you have student loans, when you have debt, the stress that it takes on you working at your Job and your career.


Well you were, you were the one sitting with $200,000 worth of it. You know what the stress feels like. I do. But I feel like people forget about that. I, I I feel like people forget about the toll that it takes on you to perform every single day and to show up as the person that you wanna be. Because without knowing it, your debt drives you to make decisions that you would not normally make. It drives you to choose a job that you might not have normally taken. It drives you to do all of these things because it is now the number one factor. I have to pay off this debt to sit for a bar with $700,000 of debt weighing on your shoulders and think that you're gonna perform the way you would've if you didn't have that debt. Like these are the things that we've gotta think about when we make these decisions. And James, I'm gonna insult you now also potentially.


So hold on. In 35 years of doing what I do, the hardest people to convince to use common sense are the smart people And lawyers and doctors. The level of arrogance that comes with that often that I think I'm smart. I'm, I'm in the top echelon of the society and the rules don't apply to me. They apply to you, son. You are a broke freaking lawyer that is way over leveraged and you ain't even a lawyer yet. So act like it, some humility to approach this table of common sense as is necessary.


And I it's the hardest group of people I have to talk into. It is, is and medical doctors out there. I'll go ahead and make you guys pissed too while I'm at it. You're not even in the top five category of millionaires, the top five, you're number six on the list of people that become millionaires because medical doctors are about as notorious as people in the music business or the acting world for being stupid with money. Only they add a level of arrogance to it 'cause they're so freaking smart. And so don't be too smart for your own good is my point. And if you're not, then you're gonna end up with a lot of money here son, when you're 30 years old, you guys are gonna be very wealthy if you'll go through and follow through on what we're saying.


But I don't know if I got you or not. I don't, I don't have any idea. This is The Ramsey Show.


When you go through a job loss or job change and lose your employer sponsored health insurance, there's no better time to try Christian Healthcare Ministries. That's right. There's another option besides Cobra, to take care of your family during that time. Because if you didn't know, the cost of Cobra has gone up a lot in the past few years. And CHM is an affordable biblically based alternative to health insurance. So do your own research. The CHM is a great option. That's potentially a third of the price of cobra. It's a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And the support you get from CHM goes beyond helping you pay for medical bills. Members become part of a family that prays for them when they have a medical event. Try getting that with Cobra. So if you're going through a job loss life change or just wanna explore other options to save on healthcare, CHM might be perfect for you. Chm programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Jade washau RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. Thanks for hanging out with us America. Let's face it. Our money and relationships work together to help us win or they work against us, calls us to lose. You don't have to stay stuck in this area. I'm going out with Dr. John Delony on a sixth city tour. We're gonna do the money and relationships tour in this coming Monday. I'm gonna be, we are going to be in Louisville, Kentucky, April the 21st. Durham a week from today, April the 23rd on Wednesday, Atlanta week from Friday, April the 25th, Phoenix, May 5th, Fort Worth May 7th, and Kansas City May 9th.


Tour starts next week. Kansas City and Fort Worth are almost sold out. Do not wait. Get your tickets right now and go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour or click the link in your show notes. Either way, Spencer's with us in Dallas, Texas. Hi Spencer, how are you Doing? Great. Hi Dave. Hi Jade. Thanks for having me on. Hope you're doing well. Got a got a question for you. So I'm currently on step two and expect to make it through step four within the next 12 to 15 months. But great. I'm looking, I'm looking ahead here and I got kind of a unique mortgage situation and that's kind of what I'm wondering and kind of wanting some insight on.


So about four and a half years ago, my in-laws helped us purchase a house and essentially bought the house for us. And they're our lender and So we pay them a, a mortgage every month, which doesn't inc include any type of escrow or anything like that. But I set up the payment based on what we could afford and we're never going to pay it off. And my in-laws have had that conversation with us and they're, they're in their late seventies now, so it's basically going to get folded into, you know, some sort of inheritance. Is it in my best interest to essentially avoid set six in this situation? I'm, I'm a little conflicted because it's not really in our best Interest.


So what do you owe your in-laws do that? So we owe them 3 48, 2 9 6 right now. The house is worth Out. And they and and they have no intention of receiving that from you before their death? No, not at all. And what's the size of their estate? I don't know that exactly. I've never had that, that conversation With it. Millions or tens of millions. It's, I I would venture it's probably in the millions. I mean he retired in his late fifties. And how many siblings does your wife have? She has one sister. Older sister. Okay. All Right. And Well, my suggestion is you all quit pretending that this is a mortgage, all of you.


And so what I would do is sit down with them and say, look, we need to restructure this. Okay? We either need to go get a mortgage and pay you all off and then we'll get the money. Of course when you pass away as an inheritance or you guys can just take, advance us her a portion of my wife's inheritance by just forgiving this loan. Of course That's what should happen. That's Something I've thought about, but it's certainly an awkward situation to have, you know, no one ever wants to have that conversation. Yeah, I don't, I don't want to have it. But y'all all signed up for this awkwardness And it makes, it makes sense.


It, it feels presumptuous like to go in and say that I understand that. But it does make sense. And if they're logical people, I feel like they would understand that. And they can do that with what's called the unified estate tax credit file. A one piece of paper with their tax return. There'll be no gift tax on it. And then just your wife's portion of the estate is reduced by 350,000 bucks. And then you have a free and clear house. And we have jumped ahead to baby step seven Of course, which is A wonderful gift. And then you guys say we to pay that, put the equivalent of house payments into investments so that your grandchildren are multimillionaires.


That is the goal. That's what you would tell the parents. I mean, keep moving forward. You tell them their grandkids are gonna be multimillionaires because we're gonna pay a house payment and then some into investments almost immediately because you guys are just pretending it's a, this this is not a real mortgage, it's a form of denial Ex Exactly. No, it, it is. It's, it's kind of an oddball situation. Yeah. And I I'm not sure how often you've counseled somebody in this type of situation. Well, I've counseled them plenty of times where they had a regular mortgage with the in-laws, which is a mistake too. But because it changes the flavor of Thanksgiving dinner, have you noticed the borrower is slave to the lender and it's weird and it's awkward.


And now every time I'm looking at my father-in-law, I'm looking at my master, not just my father-in-law. And it's, it's weird. I borrowed money from Sharon's dad one time when we were broke and he's the sweetest guy, nicest guy possibly to ever live. He is a sweet man. And I felt like dirt drug into the floor every time I walked in that house until I got that thing paid. He, he never said an unkind word, he never rolled his eyes. He never did. But I felt like poop. Same. And it's just awful I been there. That's so true. It just, yeah, I mean, and Sharon, it, she didn't care is her daddy is one. Didn't bother her. I was the only one with my panties in a while. Yeah.


You know, I mean it was just, my God, I felt awful. And so y'all, you know, and that's kind of, he's being pretty chill about it. Yeah. But he's got a little bit of that going on, so Yeah, I he Can't avoid it. I, I would say, look, I would say this is an awkward conversation mom and dad, I want to have it because the plan is for us to never pay it off. So let's just change the structure of it and reduce the thing and go ahead and release the lien and make it a gift, an advanced gift against her portion of the inheritance. And she needs to lead that conversation. No, agreed. I agree. Agreed. But you need to be sitting there too. And mom and dad look, it's silly because you don't ever expect to get the money. So since you're never gonna get the money, we don't have a plan to get out of debt.


We have to wait on you to die to be debt free. And we don't wanna do that. So we're either going to get a mortgage and pay it off ourself. Yes. Or we're gonna pay you guys off or you're gonna forgive it. So what do y'all wanna do? Because this thing of, we're gonna pay a, a small payment that's not forever, that's not enough to do anything. And I'm just stuck like a rat and a wheel. No thank you. Yeah, it's a mess.


Our question today is brought to you by why refi, why refi, refinances defaulted private student loans, which are different than federal student loans. And it means you can't even make the required payments if that describes you contact why refi for a low fixed rate loan customized for you. Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Okay. In honor of financial literacy month. Today's question comes from Ava at Agape Christian School. She says, is it necessary at some point to get a credit card? My mom says it is, but I want to think otherwise. Well, you are very wise, Ava to want to think otherwise. Yeah. It's not necessary. And it's not wise really to get a credit card. If you're getting a credit card, you're probably doing it for one of three reasons. You're doing it a 'cause you think you're gonna build credit B, you're doing it 'cause you have no money and you're relying on credit cards to fill the gap. Or C you've convinced yourself that the points are worth it. And so my guess is that you're probably thinking about building credit and I would tell you that Where your mom is, yeah, Your mom is. And the truth is, people don't talk about it enough.


We're some of the only ones out here saying that you don't need, you don't need credit to get through life. You can get through life just with the cash that you earn from your income. And a lot of times people fall back on, well, how are you supposed to get an apartment? How do you get a car? How do you get a house? Those are the three things that if people are looking at. And the truth is, you can't have an apartment without a credit score. Not a big deal. Most of 'em will take you Most Of 'em. Yeah. If you, if one doesn't take you to you, go to the next one. Obviously when it comes to buying a car, we would say the best way to do that is to save up and pay cash. The first car that you buy is probably gonna be the Only way to do that. Yeah. What did I say Best? Oh, the only, yeah, Dave got me on that. The only way, yeah, your first car is probably gonna be a junker. Maybe you pay $5,000 for, for it.


But you save up and you trade it in and you add cash with it every time. And before you know it, you're gonna be driving the car that you wanna be driving. And then of course with the house, Ava, we suggest manual underwriting. Okay. And that's just them looking at your actual income to decide if you can borrow this money. And they're looking at things like trade lines and they're looking at things like your income, your actual money. And so that's how that works. I say all the time, credit, it's a product, it's something that's being sold to you and people benefit from that. What we're teaching, the only person that really benefits from it is you, you're you, it, it is for you. We don't get paid because we tell you to live a life with a zero credit score. So that's one good way to sniff it out.


Only one reason to have a credit score. Borrow money. If you don't wanna borrow money, you don't need a credit score. Pretty simple. This is The Ramsey Show.


You wanna know more about something. A technology has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Now the hot topic is ai and I understand that it might seem intimidating, but if you use AI the right way, it's just another tool to help you work smarter and faster. Like a calculator or a cordless drill. So if you run a business, you'd better get on board with it before you get left behind. And NetSuite by Oracle offers AI powered tools that help small businesses improve efficiency and make smarter decisions by bringing all their major business processes into one platform. That way there's one source of truth for the real time data you need to take advantage of opportunities then you can forecast better, scale more efficiently and streamline those manual tasks that take too long. So join the more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions that rely on NetSuite to help tackle some of their biggest challenges. And right now you can download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Chris is in Cincinnati. Hey Chris, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. And Jade, how's it going? Better than we deserve. What's up? Yeah, so I'm just giving you guys a call just because I'm trying to follow your plan. I've been listening for a few months and it's just at a point where I've in baby step one and my wife and I were making more money than we ever have, but our expenses keep going up and we just seem, I can't get to the point where I'm able to, you know, build that emergency fund up and even start to pay down debt more than just a minimum payments, which are a lot right now.


What's causing your expenses to go up without you? Well, Yeah, So we just had to start paying for childcare full-time because I work full-time during the day and work a variable schedule and so does my wife. It's very on demand. And So we, that's about 2060 $8 a month. And and our kids minimum payments two kids? Yes. Yeah, two girls. And I'm just having to, you know, pay for that. And our minimum payments are large and they're turned into our debt because a lot of them are like 0%. They're low a PR 'cause I'm on payment plans. What's your housing? What are you paying every month for housing?


$500 a month. I live with my aunt and uncle and oh, they, they have some health issues, So we, we do that for them. They help us out. It's a good thing, You know. Okay. So what's your income then? My wife and I, we make about 103,000 a year gross between us two. And How much of debt do you have? And About $96,000 in debt On what? So we got about 30,001 car, 17 on another and about 25 in student loans and about a few card debt, probably about 10,000 in credit card debt and about 12,000 in personal loans.


Okay. You, you're gonna speak directly into your phone, it sounds like you dropped into a barrel. Sorry about that. It was about $12,000 in personal loans and about 10,000 in credit card debt. Okay. All Right. How long y'all been married? We've been married since August of 2020. So it's about, So you made most of this mess in five years? Yeah, we, we made some dumb decisions that I'll own buying a Yeah, You just listed Yeah, the cars. Yeah, the cars are the biggest problem. I see. The $30,000 car, what's it worth? It's about worth about 23. I'm, I'm upside down, but, and I know like one number one thing is like sell the car, get a personal loan to pay off the That's right.


Negative equity. But the problem I have is my job, I have to drive my own car and I have to drive around and it has to be like something reliable. So I can't, like what kind of Work Is there? You don't think they make cars less than $30,000 that are reliable? No, I I'm saying they do, but my credit is also really bad where it's hard for me to get approved for a personal loan. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's a, that's a different issue, but yeah. Yeah. And who's the 30,000 loan with General Electric. Okay. And you also called us and said you're stuck, so you're gonna have to do something. Agreed. Yeah. And okay, so you Know my number. What, what is your, are you guys putting money in retirement?


No, we stopped doing that. Okay. When, Probably about a couple months ago. We weren't, I was only contributing about 3%. What's Your, what's your tax return that gonna be this year? Last year it was like 4,500, but this year I'm trying to lower that, so I'm hoping So You got a, you a $4,500 check coming? No, that it already came. We already filed and got that. Yeah. And you've adjusted your W2 by $400 a month, right? Y yes, I've I've adjusted mine. Yeah. Already done. Yes, I already adjusted it. Okay. All Right. That's good. Yeah. How much do you have in savings? None.


No, we have no, we have nothing. Okay. And What kind work does your wife do? She's a assistant general manager at a fast food restaurant. Okay. And so the most of the income is on your end, like split up your income? So I can see It's, it's, it's, yeah, it's pretty split. I, I make about 45 a year and her income's about 50, about 58,000 a year. So she makes more. And what kind, you said you drive four year, what kind of work is it? What is it? I work in fire protection, so it's a lot of driving to job sites, doing inspections, service calls. Okay. I'll eventually have a van where I won't be on my personal vehicle.


But Are they reimbursing you for the use of your car? I'm only getting about $5 for every 25 miles. It's not a lot. So it doesn't, it just gives me my money back. No, it doesn't. Or your, your fuel is, your fuel is more than that. I've talked to 'em about that before, but they just say, you know, that's, you know, that's just a tax money. That's not, I don't think these are your long-term career tracks, am I right? Well the, I'm working at a very small company right now and there's potential, you know, to eventually, you know, be in management and to own it and help it grow beyond where it's at now over time.


And that's what you wanna do or that's just the opportunity in front of you. Well, I, I like what I'm doing. Okay. I, I don't know if it's gonna work out with this employer for the majority of the time, but I enjoy the work I do and Yeah, you get to use your own car and we don't pay you enough and the answer's tough. Not, I'm not excited about your employer. Yeah, I see, I see. I I, I'd like, I like to be able to see opportunity for growth or at least opportunity to side hustle opportunity. Expand your income. 'cause it's a, it's two pieces of this equation, right? It's getting the expenses down. We're gonna give you EveryDollar, we're gonna make sure you go through your budget with a fine tooth comb to do that. But the other side of this is you've gotta get your income up and with what you're doing currently.


It didn't seem like there is a path there. I don't know if your wife can do overtime, but you've gotta get more money coming in here as well. So your take home pays 6,500 right? Per month? Yeah, we're getting about, it's, it's probably closer to 6,000 every month is our take home every month. Okay. You shouldn't have $2,300 in withholding. Yeah, That feels high. I think my mine's like, I have about 10% coming out, coming out my check. But Are you doing any investing? I don't think so. You Said no. Yeah. No, no, none. I have about 10% going to taxes every month out of my check and my wife because A hundred thousand is 8,300.


Okay. Yeah. And you're at one of Three and you say you're, you're only getting, and you're, and they're taking out 2300. You don't have tax bill of 2300. There's something wrong with it. You got a bunch of healthcare coming out of that? No. No, there's not any healthcare. All Right. How Much is your car payment on the 30,000? The car payment is six 20 on the 30,000 And the other one 17,000. What's that one? 400 bucks a month. Okay, that's a thousand. And you got 1500 outta 6,000. And we got two cars paid and 2000 for daycare. And you're probably not paying anything on your student loans. No, they're, they're in hardship deferral probably.


So where's the other half of your income going basically is what we're asking because 1525, 30, 3500 of is daycare and two cars and the rent and then you gotta eat. I don't think you guys are living on a tight budget. EveryDollar. Yeah, I think you need to get on EveryDollar. Yeah, you do. So we're gonna have Christian pick up, make sure you get EveryDollar and we're gonna make sure you have Financial Peace University. I think that you need a crash course in financial literacy, personal finance, how you manage your money, you and your wife go through it together. But your homework is tonight to create that EveryDollar budget. You can create it in five, 10 minutes. Go on YouTube and George Kamel and I will show you exactly how to do that on our YouTube channel. Yeah. And if you find that your car gasoline bill is what's breaking the back of this thing, tell your employer you're looking for a job.


Mm. Yeah. You guys,


I get it. Inflation is hitting hard right now. Milk, bread, meat, the price of everything has gone up so you can complain or you can do something about it. Like shop somewhere. Stuff costs less. I'm talking about Aldi, the newest sponsor of The Ramsey Show. Aldi gives you a no nonsense approach to shopping and prices that won't bust your budget. Listen to this, Aldi shoppers can save up to 36% on a typical shopping trip, which adds up to about $4,000 a year for a family of four. So stop over paying for groceries and start shopping smarter at Aldi where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today@aldi.us. That's a ldi. Us


real change in your money and relationships is possible. You can break the cycles that have kept you from moving forward. You can build a better future for yourself. And it starts here. Hang out with Dr. John Delony and I live in a city near you for the money and relationships tour. Starting next week will be in Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. Time is running out so Grab your tickets while you can at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Thank you for joining us America. We're so glad you are with us. If you would like to help us out, we would definitely appreciate it. You can help us a lot by clicking subscribe or follow on the particular platform you're watching or listening to. And Spotify just launched a video. We're one of the first on that as well. You can check that out. Thank you. Amazon Music is blowing up. You can check that out as well. So wherever you're listening to podcasts or watching us, YouTube, whatever it is, we would appreciate you following subscribing. Also, you can share with some of those particular platforms.


At the minimum, you can click the cut, cut the link out, and send it to somebody. Say, Hey, to listen to the show, check it out. We would appreciate that. You can leave a nice five star review. You could just tell somebody like old fashioned style, like analog and say, Hey, I listened to a show. That's right. And that would be fun. And try that. So well business owners, it's here. The Build a Business You Love book is officially out. It's launched officially yesterday. It's available to start reading today. This is not just another business book. I started this company with nothing on a card table in my living room. We're now doing $300 million in revenue with 1100 team members, a 650,000 square foot campus.


How did we do that? Wow. What are the five stages of business? We coach over 10,000 small businesses and entree leadership. How do we coach them? What do we show them to do? Well, there's five distinct stages of business and six drivers that drive 'em. So we can show you every bit of that. It's pretty much the baby steps for small business. A little more complicated than that, A little different system, but it is at least a clear path towards success. You can grab your copy of Build A Business You Love Anywhere books are sold, but certainly Ramsey Solutions dot com or click the link in the description. Hayden's with us in Tampa, Florida. Hi Hayden. What's up? Hey guys.


Thank you so much for taking my call. I really appreciate it. Sure. My wife and I are starting over back in baby step number two, and she feels our budget is too restrictive without any room for fun money. And so my question is, what amount of our income should we budget for? Wow. And baby step two, and how do I get her fully on board without making her feel quote unquote controlled? Why are you starting over? Yeah. So in 2023, we took FPU through our church and we had a really great success with it. Got off all of our debt besides one vehicle. And at the time, our house, we hadn't moved in yet, but we had a house also that was in the future.


Okay. And anyways, yeah. So unfortunately what happened was my wife started to kind of feel very controlled and because she was not able to say yes to things like giving gifts for baby showers and not able to go out to eat for, you know, dinner with friends and stuff. And so she found herself always kind of calling me and being like, well, can we do this thing for $50? And I was like, it's not in the budget. And so then she started to kind of, you know, get mad at me as her, you know, spouse. Spouse. So it sounds like you did a budget and told her what to do. Yeah. What's different this time? Yeah.


Well, so ultimately since then we've had a baby boy who was born in twenty three, twenty twenty three. Okay. And we, we have another baby that is coming in May at the end of May. Cool. And so we're really excited. Yes. But ultimately I am, I'm freaking out and I've told her many, many times about this and I said, listen, like we need to, we need to do something. And I, you know, John Maloney said it great. He said, I feel like a gazelle that is anchored down and that's genuinely like how I feel. So. Right. But what changed with your wife? We know how you Feel. Nothing. Nothing. She's never been on board. Yeah.


It's, it's always been kind of my idea to do this. And she's been supportive at times. Of course. No, she's not. It's only to a point. Right. She doesn't want to feel that sacrifice Un, Until she hears the word. Until she hears the word No, she's supportive. She's not involved at all. Can you tell us more what the debt is and your income So we can see a clearer picture? Yeah, yeah. The debt's pretty bad. So credit card debt, we have 19,300. Okay. Cars were at 64,000. Can you break 'em down? One and two? We have, yeah. Yep. Car one is 27,000 and car two is 37,000. Okay.


Car two is hers. And you bought it since you went through FPU? Yes, that is correct. Is it minivan? Yes. No, SUV. It's a Tesla. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And can you tell me what they're worth? What's the $27,000 one worth? I, I don't, I I don't know. I think the $27,000 one is a Hyundai Santa Fe. So it's probably 18 to 20. Okay. So Not Did you have that prior to FPU? Yes. Okay. And the 37, what do you think? It's fairly new. It's, yeah, it's fairly new. It's probably, you probably could get 28 for it to 30. Oh Gosh. So Hayden, here's the deal, okay?


She's not involved in this at all emotionally. And so you've become her parent and she doesn't like it when you tell her, no, she can't go to the movies. No, I can't do this. And, and you're getting tired of being the parent. So ultimately you two probably need marriage counseling. You need to sit down with somebody. Okay. Not because of FPU and not because of RAMSEY stuff, but because you're the only grownup And you're, and you're trying to raise a kid now and it's freaking you out. And what's good that you are freaked out because you need to address this issue. And so she's, because it, and the, and a part of that goes all the way back to when you all were in financial Peace University.


She went against her will because her husband begged her to, and she loves her husband and she wanted to try to do what he wanted to do. She went in there and listened, but she did not buy into a different future that you saw. And once she gets the why you're willing, wanting to do this, why you're wanting to do this, why you're freaking out, then the how will change. But until she's in agreement with you about the future vision of where we want to go and why we want to go there, you're, you're going to struggle. And, you know, you didn't have the marital chops to defeat a $37,000 car purchase that was absolutely asinine.


It's asinine. Yeah. And you knew it when you did it, but you went along with it trying to make someone happy by buying them stuff. And it doesn't work. It doesn't work. So if, if you can't get with her, and the two of you say, say number one, I'm freaked out, honey. I'm carrying all the stress and all the load of these ridiculous purchases that I have allowed to be made in this house and I'm freaking out and I'm not doing it anymore. Number one. Number two, the two of us need to start thinking about what our future looks like in HD and what it's gonna take for us to get to that future.


If we cannot get aligned on that in the next 10 days, we need to sit down with a marriage counselor because I'm not going to be your daddy until you know anymore. And I'm not going to participate in a situation where you're whining to your daddy that his budget is too restrictive because you're imposing this on her and she's not got any adult ownership in the sacrifice that has to occur for you all to swim to on this. 'cause you need to sell her car yesterday. It should have never been purchased. Okay. And you guys need to get on beans and rice. Rice and beans. And don't talk to me about baby showers when you've got dead up around your neck and you've got a one-year-old, the only baby shower is showering this kid in food and diapers.


That's it. Right, right, right. Your kid, not other people's kids. And don't talk to me about your Instagram life. I couldn't give a crap less about your Instagram life. But that's that, that's, that's me being mean and forceful because that's what I see in y all's lives. You guys have you, you've got to want a bright future more than you want a false present. That's right. Yeah. My guess is there's something behind this. I think Dave is right. You go to counseling, you're gonna figure out what that is because there is something stopping her from wanting to go all in on this. And usually we see Dave that kids kind of trigger something in you. It's not done that for her. So my guess is there's something deeper in here.


And I do think that counseling is gonna reveal that. But at the end of the day, like we're the only ones that can change. You can't make somebody change. So she's gotta get get onto it. Yeah. You but you, you've been talking about what way too much and not why, why. And you've gotta work on that. And then she's got, she's gonna have to take an adult position in this relationship where we sacrifice together for the greater good of our overall family. Not, I want something. You've got a long life. You don't fix this dude. This is The Ramsey Show.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting. But you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's. Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps Millionaire get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com.


Big news business owners, it's here. My brand new book, build A Business You Love is officially available to start reading. Now look, running a business is tough. Some days it feels like you're just duct taping the whole thing together. I get it. That's why I put 30 years of hard earned lessons into this book to help you grow faster, make smarter decisions, and stop learning everything the hard way. Don't wing it. Get your copy at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store and start reading today


in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. Matt and Lori are with us. Hey guys, how are you? We're well. Good. Good. Where do y'all live? Oregon City, which is just south of Portland. Portland Oregon. Portland, Oregon. And welcome to Nashville on the other side of the United States. Very cool. How much debt have y'all paid? 94,504 and 30 cents. Good For you. And how long did that take? 24 Months. Four months. Ooh, two years straight up. And what was your range of income during those two years? 1 23. 500 to 1 62 500. Cool. What do y'all do for a living? I'm in real estate. I manage commercial properties. Cool. And I'm a project manager with a building envelope consulting firm.


Oh, wonderful. Very good. Very good. I think I found out how y'all met. Yes, indeed. Very good. Good. Well welcome guys. Good to have you. So what kind of debt was the 95,000? We had some medical debt, some car loan. We had credit cards and a personal loan and a lot of student loans. Wow. Wow. A little bit of you were normal? Very. We Were normal. How long have y'all been married? Two years. Two years. Oh, okay. So we come into the marriage full of normal. And you looked up and said 24 months ago, boom, we're gonna hit knock this out. Tell us the story why you decided to turn on a dime like that. That's pretty cool. So we actually, before we got married, we got engaged and we really wanted to be intentional in our marriage and do everything we can to have the best marriage possible.


So we went through marriage mentoring with our local church and it was an amazing experience. It was also very eye-opening and things that we were very harmonious in in our relationship, but also things that were potential conflicts and finances were one of those things. And So we were like, you know, we don't want that to become an issue. Like it's one of the highest reasons for divorce rate. So we don't want that. So my work actually supports with our education credit, paying for the RAMSEY solution. Nice membership. Oh wow. Yeah. We're Like, Hey, you wanna do this? And So we did. Yeah. We, And he brought it home. He set up the budget meetings. We, we stayed firm on the budget. We set up the EveryDollar budget and just really followed it through the process.


Yeah, Yeah. No, no objections. Was there any part of you that was like, I wanna do this but maybe I don't wanna do it this way? You Know, know, we kind of struggled with our OpCon meetings. We called them OpCon meetings 'cause it just was quicker OpCon, OpCon, operational confab, more fun way to say it than A budget meeting. Yeah. So we turned it into, you know, how are, how are we gonna look this month? We, we, we set at our schedules, what are our priorities? Do we have family meals? Do we have, you know, bigger expenses? Do we have work expenses? Do we have meetings that will keep us out late night sometimes? And just really prioritized what was important to us at the time, which was paying off our debt, but also being able to live like, no, no one else.


So we can live like no one else. And so trim the fat on our budget, cut out, you know, Starbucks restaurants, the non necessities and really paid off our debt. Cutting out Starbucks for her was a lot, that was a big, You know what it was, it was quick and easy. But yeah, it Was, the good news is not forever. No, no. 24 Months it was No, no for now. Yeah, Exactly. But it was, it was great. It was wonderful experience to communicate and go through this experience as a married couple, as a young married couple and do the hard things. So we can do hard things later and we prove to ourself that we can communicate, we can be prescriptive in in what we want and do the hard thing.


Yeah. See this is the exact opposite of what I just hung up with. I Was thinking the same thing. We had some Advice. Yeah, yeah. Heard that. You know, and so, because what happened here though is exactly what we prescribed to that other couple is that you were both aligned on why your big, why I heard it was the number one cause of divorce is money fights. We're not gonna do that. Yeah. We're gonna, if the number one cause of bear attacks is going to the mailbox, we're gonna send somebody else. I mean, we're not, you know, we're not going to do this. It's, it's a danger zone. Yeah. And so that our why is, and then you look at it as two grownups and you say, okay, for a short period of time in order to live like no one else later I, and to not have this money stress over our marriage, I can give up Starbucks or I can give up eating out or I can give up whatever.


But you're deciding this as two grownups together to get to a unified goal. That was a bigger why than the momentary I want it right now thing. Absolutely. To get Gerald's unity is very evident. It's very clear. Yeah. Yeah. We were, we were, we were very intentional on these are the large expenses this month. Be it, you know, be it infertility treatments, be it doctor's appointments, be it, you know, he's got a car repair. You know, we set those priorities early in the month. So we set our budget according to that. So we knew we had to prioritize, here's our, our debt, here's our big payment and here's what we can do elsewhere. And you know, we changed our habits.


We no longer ate out. We had game night, we found a new recipe online and we cooked together. We did a lot of meal prepping. That was kind of a natural thing that I did, but I brought it into our relation to, to cut out going out, going out and eating lunch out. Interesting. Say no a lot, you can do anything for a short period of time. And you paid off 50,000 bucks a year for two years basically. Yeah. And you did that on 123 to a hundred, 160,000. We did. I mean, and that, that's pretty impressive. You, you, you had a good life during that time but still had substantial progress. What I hear you saying that you guys did a good job on is with the budget, you had foresight. So all of these things that come up that people think, oh this, I didn't know this was coming or this felt like an emergency or this felt like something.


You guys had the foresight to look ahead and go, really what is our life really? What like, well let's be honest. And there was a reality there and I think that that's what helped you guys plan to be not only pay off the debt, but to do the things that are just normal parts of your life during that time. So they weren't things that were thousand, I gotta dip into my thousand dollar emergency fund. And that I think was really smart on you guys' part. What was the hardest thing? Definitely Saying no to to gifts. Yeah. We are big givers. We're both givers. Christmas time was tough. That's the first Christmas was really hard. But yeah. Saying no to trips, to saying no to. Did you get any like pushback from the person that was expecting to get gifts?


No, we, we had to cut out family travels. My family's not close by, so going to see my family meant, you know, a thousand dollars a pop plane ride. And So we had to say no a couple times and say, you know what, this, this just isn't a budget budget. And our parents were very supportive. They said, you know, we know you have those priorities, we still wanna bring you out. You know, we'll cover, we'll cover your flight this season. And you learned that adults don't need gifts. Yeah, that's great. Yeah. Firsthand. Yeah. They Survived. Yeah. Yeah. And we changed a lot of our habits. You know, eating out is kind of just, it's a luxury nowadays. And on occasion he works late, I work late. So food is just, you need food. But it didn't have to be, you know, a hundred dollars a pop restaurant.


I know, that's right. We, we changed it and we, we put it in the budget. 'cause we knew it was a necessity of just how we live our lives. But we didn't make it the only way to live our lives. How the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks. And these two cannot talk without saying we Yeah. They're they're very we. Yeah. You guys are very unified. They're very unified To be It's very impressive. It was very important. I mean, you can be, it's, it's like God gave us this contrast to a minute ago. I mean it's just, it's the exact opposite. And it's what I desire for that other couple. I hope they get that. I hope they can find their way to that because it changes everything. You guys are set relationally for the rest of your lives because you've already killed a large dragon and you did it together.


We did. You're like, hold his head. I'll chop it off. You know what I mean? It's like, we're gonna get this boy, he's going down. Right. And very wise, I'm very proud of you. Very cool. I bet your parents are jumping up and down excited for both of you. We can't Wait to sign up for the app. Yeah, They're, they're, they're thrilled. Yeah. Well, we're, we're thrilled for you. You're impressive. Alright. What do you tell people The secret to getting out of debt is Do it together. Absolutely. Do the budget. You can do the budget, but if you do it alone, you, you're not gonna get anywhere like you will with when you get it, doing it together. So Yeah. And those first couple of budget committee meetings, whatever you call them, I don't know, OpCon, Operational Confabs con confabs.


But yeah, the, they can be a big fight. They were hard. They were not the easiest thing. He works differently mentally than I do. So I'm the planner. I, I do, you know, month calendaring ahead. And here's what we have planned. He's the analytical mind who likes the data, that likes the, the budgeting. So while he's coding things, I'm looking at the budget and thinking, okay, well we have the family dinner, we have X's, you know, birthday. Yeah. So Y are y'all Are amazing. It worked. We had to change it. Killed for us. Killed. All Right. Matt and La, Portland, Oregon area. 95,000 in 24 months. 1 23 to 1 62. Count it down.


Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 3, 2, 1. We're debt free. We're debt free. Whoa. Way to go. You guys. Heroes, baby heroes. I love them. This is The Ramsey Show.


People ask me all the time. George, what's your number one money saving hack? I'm glad you asked. Nothing makes me happier than helping another frugal friend. So here's the hack. Get on a budget. Seriously, how are you supposed to save money if you don't know how much you're spending in the first place? And that's what makes the EveryDollar budgeting app a game changer. With EveryDollar, you'll get a clear picture of your spending and from there it's easy to see where you can get more intentional cut back and save more money. So how much money are we talking here? Will the average EveryDollar Budgeter Frees up $395 in their first budget? That's the hack. And if you ask me, I think you're way above average and you'll save even more. So what are you do when still listening to me go Download the EveryDollar app for free and start saving more money. Right now


The Ramsey Network app is the only place to get all the episodes of The Ramsey Show every day. You can download it for free and listen for free. It's all free. Then I mentioned it's free using the link in the show notes or by searching Ramsey Network in your app store. If you're on the radio, you're gonna get what you've always gotten. But what is effectively the third hour of the show for Talk radio is on the Ramsey Network app for free. If we do not charge for it, it is free. You can download the app for free. The Ramsey Network app. Jade. It's free. It's free. Okay. Just checking. We go. Just making sure.


Okay. Pete's in Bozeman. Hey Pete, what's up Mr. RAMSEY? Is that, is that app free? I couldn't tell. Hey, I cut my point across. I like it. What's up in your world, brother? I got a real Estate, I got a real estate question for you. I don't believe in any kind of personal debts. If you can't afford it, you can't afford it except for buildings. And I got, I got about $800,000 worth of personal debt on buildings, a house and a vacation house. And then I got a commercial building that pays me about 14 grand a month, but costs me just shy of 9,000 a month in interest. And I turned to cool million in the last two years.


And the Mrs thinks we should pay off the personal stuff, but the personal stuff is financed at two and a quarter and the commercial loan is financed at almost nine. And so I think we should pay off the commercial and then let the commercial tenants pay off the personal. Okay. Let me, she thinks we should pay off the personal I got it. And take a deep breath. I got it. So the commercial, did you know you didn't personally sign for it? Oh Yeah. Okay. It's all personal. Okay. All Right. Yeah. So, so, so how much is owed on the home? The, the house on Vacation, your personal residence? About 800. About 800. The other property, the the big one. The big one.


You're calling commercial. What is, what do you owe on it? Just over a million. Okay. 1 million. Okay. And what was the other property? Lake House What? Vacation house. House. Vacation house. Okay. And how much on the vacation house? Oh, oh, that the, the 800 was the house plus the vacation house. It's all together. We'll break 'em out. 300 and 500. Okay. Gotcha. All Right. And you have a million sitting in savings right now? Yep. And that was one years of income or two years? Just shy of two. Okay.


All Right. What does the next two years look like? Same thing. I would like to not have to work so dang hard. Well, I'm trying to get your debt paid off, so, and you're doing pretty good. I'm proud of you. Fair enough. You're making a lot of money, but, so let, let's pretend that you could make another five. You said a million over two years. So 500 a year so you can make another million in the next two years. So then the question becomes only which one we pay off first because, you know, in the next two years, the other one's gonna get paid off anyway. Agreed. In four years It's all done.


Yep. Okay. All Right. So it, the point is, we're not really arguing about what's more important. We're just arguing about two years. Okay. I believe so. Okay. All Right. If I'm getting, assuming you're working as hard as you used to work, so I don't know, after that you can do whatever you want 'cause you're sitting on a couple million dollars worth of paid for real estate and other investments and an income potential. That's incredible. So if you want to crank it back a little, oh well that's great. But I'm probably gonna keep the fires burning and knock these puppies out. If it's me. I don't know what you're doing, but you're doing it. Well, congratulations. I'm proud of you putting that income in. I, I'll tell you what I would do and then I'll tell you why I would pay off my home and my, my vacation home.


Okay. And I'm gonna do that for two reasons. Number one, when where you lay your head is paid for, it changes your swagger, it changes your, the way you're doing this. Are you, you're doing some kind of self-employed business, I assume? Yes sir. Are are you selling, what are you, what are you Yeah, it's in, I'm in media. Okay. Okay. So the, the, the way I run my business is affected by the fact that I don't have any debt in a positive way. Okay? It, it, the swagger is just different.


I don't have to worry about anything with my lake house or my personal residence or my office building in this case too. 'cause I don't have any debt. But, so I'm gonna pay off your house and your lake house for that reason, or your vacation house first. And I'm gonna do that today because where you lay your head is the most important place. The second reason I'm gonna do that is Proverbs in the Bible says, who can find a virtuous wife for her worth is far above rub. The heart of her husband safely trusts her and he will have no lack of gain. The, your wife is saying pay this stuff off and I'm going with her.


In other words, 'cause you'll have no lack of gain if you learn to listen to a virtuous wife. And that doesn't make you handpicked, it makes you wise to make decisions with your partner in life. And so I'm, I'm going with her for those two reasons. I'm going with the payoff, the house first for those two reasons. And the math doesn't matter to me because the math difference over 2 24 months, which is all we're discussing is ible. Well, if you're gonna quote scripture to me, I guess mama wins. No, I did worse than that. I quoted scripture to you about mama winning, Always say happy wife, happy life that You too.


You were gonna be the, So I appreciate it. Thank you, sir. Thank you, Pete. It's a good discussion. Good For him. Yeah, good for him. He's he's killing it, man. Yeah, he, good job. And he's having fun. He is and he's fun. He is fun. So great. He's about to have a lot more Fun. He's got, he's got, he's got a million dollar net worth already. Good for him and or more because I don't know what that building's worth above the million that he on. Yeah, he didn't say, he Didn't say, but, and he's getting ready to have an excess of a 2 million, 3 million, $4 million net worth. And he's killing it in Bozeman, Montana. Way to go, Pete Media. I'm so proud of you. That's so fun. The, the true answer to the story is you really can't screw this up if you do either one first. No, He's fine. There's no big, like you're stupid if you don't do it thing.


I don't think so, but IIII do think that they'll have more peace if their homes where they're at most of the time is paid off first. Yeah. When, let me help you guys with something too. Let me teach you something. When you think you're doing an analysis based on interest rate, which he said this was lower interest rate, right? That we just paid off. When you actually multiply out the difference for a short period of time and turn it into dollars, how many actual dollars are different in two years only? That's not much. It, it'll buy you a chicken biscuit negligible. I mean, it's not a lot, right? Yeah. So sometimes interest rate, interest rates really matter a lot over a long period of time. But in a, you know, in a very short period of time, like I'm gonna pay this thing off in six months.


Yeah. Or something like that. Some of you're looking at these things, it's like, I'm gonna pay off the highest interest rate, but in six months it doesn't matter. Especially With his income, he could care less. Oh yeah. He's He's slaying it man. He's just slaying it. That is so cool. And that's one of the reasons that the debt snowball has continued to survive is, is the thing, the idea that the interest rate doesn't matter because it's a short period of time. Because we teach to list the debts regardless of interest rate. And we're not talking about his situation. We're talking about everybody else out there, smallest to largest pay minimum payments on everything but the little one and attack the little one as if your life depended on it with a vengeance.


That's right. When you knock that out, you get a positive feedback loop, that's psychologist would call it. And in other words, you get an attaboy, you get some success, you go on a diet and you lose five pounds the first two weeks, you're gonna keep doing it. That's great. Yeah. You're gonna keep doing it. Sign me up. You go on a diet and you don't lose anything for two weeks. But I promise you you're building muscle, you know, it doesn't feel right that that one just doesn't, that promise doesn't hold it, that won't keep me outta the donuts. I know. That's right. So, you know, you gotta, you gotta have, I need something. I need to, I need some quick wins, especially on something new to give me the hope to continue. And that's why the debt snowball works. But truthfully, I would say when people get intense, like super high intensity, which is what we teach, and they're working together, they're paying off all of their debts except their home typically in two years and less.


That's Right. And then, then, then it really does, like you said, that interest really doesn't matter. It Doesn't matter. Yeah. I mean the 24% one whatever versus the 6% one, it's just, it becomes irrelevant. And it was on $500. Right. It wasn't on, you know, it wasn't like it was, it's not big money in those situations. That's right. That's right. That's right. So one of the reasons that the debt snowball arguments against it are humorous. If you were to actually do the mathematics, that's what you're looking at. This is The Ramsey Show.


No matter what you want to do with your Call every customer, you,


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over to there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. By the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go, so you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now.


All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.