
Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships Tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to get coached up on their life, specifically their money life, their professional life, and their relational life. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number to jump in America.


It's your show Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 alongside the fabulously fly. I feel like today, Jane Warshaw, I gotta say, I think you got a nineties vibe and I don't have a problem with it. I'm in it. I'm all the way in it. Number 23. Yeah, I, I'm not ashamed of my age. I graduated in 1992 from high school. We've got a big group of fantastic looking young scholars, high schoolers from a local school here today looking at us and they're all like, yeah, he's pretty much my dad's age and I am so Can we clear the I We're not the same age though, Ken. No, You're younger than me.


Okay. Just put it, look at you all ashamed. Are you sham Me? Listen, I'm not trying to be where you're at yet. Are you shady? I, No, we're friends. You are great though. You're pulling off the nineties vibe, making me look cooler than I'll ever look just to be next to you. She's fabulous. She'll help you out with how to save the money, how to budget the money. I'm gonna help you out with how to make more money. That's our combo today. You ready to go? Let's do it. All Right. Kayla's up first in Jackson, Michigan. Kayla, How can we help today? Hi. Thank you for having me. You bet. What's going on? So my fiance and I combined are about 56,000 in debt and I'm wondering if we should use his retirement.


I'm not exactly sure how much is in it, but it's somewhere around 50,000 to pay that off. Oh man. So these are retirement funds, it's not just money that's invested in a brokerage, correct? I believe so. Okay. When's the big day? March 29th. So right around the corner? Yeah. Okay. Oh, okay. So how split up the debt for us? Who's, who's is whose? So we both have 16 and some change in student loans. I have 3,500 on a car and he has close to 20 on his truck, which we're probably planning on selling.


There We go. Okay. The biggest one. That's a good Move. All Right. Like, I love the fact that you guys are looking at this debt and you see that it's an issue. I think that's a green light. That's a plus. I would not use the retirement to pay this off. The retirement is there as retirement. If you pull it out now, you'll be penalized for it. You'll pay taxes on it. Right. And you'll have to pay a fee because you're pulling it out before 59 and a half. So for that reason, I would not do that. I I, at this point, even though the wedding is just around the corner, I would focus on you two paying down your individual debts with your individual income and then when you do get married, you can come together and tackle this right now.


Yeah. If I'm your, your fiance, I would look into selling that truck. Do you know the numbers around it? Do you know what he could sell it for private sale. We were looking into it and I think he'd probably be just a little bit upside down on it. Maybe like a thousand or 2000, something like that. Okay. Yeah. And if I were him, I, if I could save up that one or 2000 really quick plus another two or three just to get a junker, I would Do either of you have money saved that's not retirement, even if it's just a couple of thousand or a couple hundred? Yes, but I'm going back to school soon, so we're trying to pay for that without taking out more debt.


Yeah. What are you going, whatcha are you going back to school for? Oh, well I'm not in yet, but I haven't interview, interview for x-ray and sonography soon. So well, hopefully one of those two. Nice. What's that gonna cost you? Total program Somewhere around 20,000. And what are you doing for a living right now? I'm painting, it's, I just have done it throughout college, so I'm just doing that. And then he worked on Like art or? Yeah, like abstract art or painting people's houses, Like commercial painting. Got you. You know, I'm gonna, the reason I'm asking this question is I'm gonna challenge you that starting off this marriage debt free or with very little debt is going to be so much more relaxing.


You know, it's funny, you, you posted a, an Instagram reel today of, of you and I together on this show, and it was, and I was talking about the young man. I was telling him, you need to learn how to get out, get outta your parents' house and learn how to live on your own. Because when you get married, what's gonna happen is you have these two individuals that have grown up in two different households and there's a lot of culture shock. Yes. Yes. And, and I'm just gonna bring that back up 'cause it's fresh. Yes. And I'm gonna get, I wanna get Kate Jade back here involved Caleb, but I, I would like to see you use that money to knock the debt off and let's hold off on paying your way through the school.


I just think life. Do you agree with me? I couldn't agree more. Take, take, take the reins from me On this. I couldn't agree more. And, and you're, instead of surrounding yourself with financial problems, I'll put that in quotes because going to school is a good thing. But the 20,000 that it will cost is a problem right now instead of surrounding yourself with more problems, it's really focusing on one thing at a time. Yeah. And saying, okay, out of the two issues paying for school and the current debt, what's the biggest, most burning priority? And the truth is, it's the current debt that you have is the biggest priority. 'cause how old are you? I am about to turn 24 and he's 23. Which is why I thought about the retirement because we're still so young. No, you don't wanna do that. You, you're robbing yourself.


You're just going backwards. Yeah. You've got time. And if that, that's the one thing I want you and you to take away from what Ken and I are telling you. You have time, you, yes, the debt is something that needs to take care of to be taken care of, but it's not to the point of doing something extreme and making a further mistake like taking out your retirement. And that's the thing, Ken, I think that people have to be careful of, and Dave would say it like this, you know when you get desperate? Yeah. You know, you start getting stupid, right? Yeah. And so you've gotta be careful right now you feel desperate. You're like, oh my gosh, look at all this debt, don't turn around and do something stupid. Trying to solve for the desperate. That's right. Okay. Did We ask you Kayla, how much cash you have set aside for school Together?


Right now we have 12, 12,000. Okay. So I'm doing the numbers here. You said you guys have collectively 54,000. I'm gonna keep it at, 'cause you're gonna be married by the time you split this out and try to take it on your own, you're basically gonna be married. So let's say you got 54,000, 20 of it is your, your fiance's truck. So that dinks it down to 34. If you put 12 on it, that takes you down to 22. Boy, that's really doable. I mean, I'm looking at this. Yeah, Ken is right. The truck gets outta the way your husband does that. He starts working on that today. Right? Why? Why not? You can take the 12,000 you pay off your car, how much is your car payment?


Mine is like 1 35. Okay, now you've got another 1 35 back in your, you know, month to month budget. What's His truck payment? 300. Oh, look at that. That's a big, big raise. Raise. That's almost, yeah, you're creeping up on 500 extra dollars every month then, right? You take the rest, the other 8,000 that's left, you put it on your student loan and that's how this works. And before you know it, you're gonna be out of debt. This $56,000 debt problem is gonna be gone, I predict in one year. Oh, a hundred percent. And then come this time next year, you're gonna be paying for school and you're gonna be so much more peaceful. Imagine studying without debt.


Kayla, imagine taking your exams without thinking about making your car payments. Right? That's what I'm talking about. So I want you to get there and make sure, no matter what you do, you keep a thousand dollars set aside as your baby. Step one baby emergency fund. You need that there in case something happens, but everything else needs to go to the debt. Yeah, I agree. It's not what you expected, but I think it's the best plan, especially being a young married couple. I mean, it's just gonna make marriage a whole lot easier as you experience that first year of just learning how to live with somebody else. And it's a lot harder than anybody tells you by the way that, right. So don't add money, complications to it. Great. First call Kayla. All Right, quick break. Jay's gonna tell me more about nineties fashion and then we'll be back.


This is The Ramsey Show.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it for, because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's. Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back America. You're joining the conversation about your life here on The Ramsey Show, Ken Coleman alongside Jade Warshaw. So happy you're with us. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5.


Investing can be overwhelming and certainly confusing and it's not something that a TikTok or a Instagram reel is gonna give you some depth on. So if you're feeling that, we want you to know about our Investing Essentials virtual event. It's happening tomorrow. Dave RAMSEY and George Campbell. Together we'll be doing the event here from our headquarters night one tomorrow March 4th. It is a two night event. So tomorrow and Wednesday you're gonna get two hours of teaching about maximizing your 401k and picking mutual funds. Also, you're gonna get Dave's personal playbook on real estate investing and he'll tell you how he's made hundreds of millions of dollars in property investments. Tickets are $199. Get yours right now. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Or click on the link in the show notes if you're tuning in on podcast or YouTube. So this is a great event, night event starting tomorrow. And you're gonna learn a lot. And I'm gonna tell you something, if you're out there and you're going, I need more manion in my life, come on Ken, then this event is for you Trying to get that manion. That's what I'm talking about, Ken. You Know, more manion. I want a bag of onion. You know? So that's the event. You don't wanna miss that.


Manion is money for anybody who is not in the know, I know this, I'm hip, I know these things. Okay. Yeah. I just use words like that. I forget that people aren't as up with it As Yeah, yeah, yeah. We gotta keep up with you Ken. I Know I'm trying to stand on business as you tell me. Are you, am I, are you trying to stand on business? I'm not sure if I know how to use that one, Ken. I'm still Working that one. You hold that thought. You What? Where's she going? Oh no, James, I'm not sure what's happening. Right? Shut up. Are you for real right now? You just pull out a hack that says Standing on Business. I got that just for you, Kim. You Stashed these. Yeah, I knew the time would come when you would be ready To say, listen, this was not planned.


I knew the time would come and, and now see what Kinda li I I'm you, I'm rocking that lid right Now. And now whenever you're ready to go on one of your rants, I want you to put that hat on. Alright, Well I'm gonna keep it on the entire segment. It's not, I'm not a fan of black and red, but listen to, I'm gonna go with it. I like it. All Right, very good. Let's see how I do with this, James. This is all very exciting. I love, I love so much of this. Oh boy, boy. Let's go to Caleb in Salem, Oregon. Caleb, How can we help? Hi there. Thanks for taking my call. You bet. What's going on? So my wife and I are 26. We have two kids, two and under my instinct is to have no life and pay off our house as fast as possible.


And she wants to live reasonably. And so I was wondering how you balance the gazelle intensity as you step into 4, 5, 6. All Right. I'll tell you what I think the be best thing to do here, Jade, is to go right to Caleb's wife and what she thinks is reasonable. In other words, she wants to live some life, you don't wanna have a life. So what is her definition of, of have a have a life? What, what does that include from a budget standpoint and, and and where does that challenge you? Let's, let's get real about this. Sure. I guess she is working part or full-time now as a paramedic making about 90.


And I am, I am salary and supply chain at about 60. Great. So we one 50 joint income. That's good. We're pretty comfortable, but I've considered moving to a different job that might pay more, but it would not allow me to be as home as much. How much more, How much less? Yeah. Probably 80 and then maybe 85. And then how much less would you be home? So right now, I, I work hybrid. I'm home working from home two, two to three days a week. But my work let's me pick my hours and I can be flexible around my wife's schedule.


So it, it would cause us to have to do childcare, which we don't, and just make things more complicated. All Right. And so, and the only debt you have is the home? Correct? Oh, bro, this is easy for me. I mean, I, I you gotta find a way to, to make some more money somewhere else because if it throws the, the family dynamic off as much as it sounds like, and they incur more expenses for childcare, You could easily end up spending that 20,000 a year taking, taking care of these kids. Yeah. So I, for, I would be patient and this is happy wife, happy life, but this is also to Jade's point, she got to it faster than I did. But this is a net net.


It's not like a whole bunch of, of win for you a financial windfall. So I would just be patient, man, you got a good joint income. How soon will you pay the house off if you just stay at the current rate? We're projecting around six years. I wasn't sure if that was, Bro, that's al That's amazing. Yeah. How long were you in? How long were you in baby? Step two. I'm just curious, how long did it take you to pay off whatever consumer debt you had? We've never had debt. We've been married, we both cash flowed our two year degrees per from the fire department and me through a charter school in high school. So we've been debt free and my work paid for us to go through FPU.


And so we've just been And what do you owe on your house? About two 80. You know, it it, it does bring up an interesting conversation. So obviously the way we teach the baby steps is baby steps 1, 2, 3. Those are, you move intensely, right? That's gazelle intense. You're going fast, you're sacrificing, you're doing whatever it takes to get this debt paid off. But then when you move into baby steps four, five, and six, particularly when, particularly when it's time to pay the house off, that's the time where we say, Hey, you don't have to be intense anymore. It's really about being intentional and you're moving methodically with intent toward paying off the house. Right. It's not you Sacrificing Everything, right?


Sure. But in cases where, where I kind of am willing to play the game a little bit is in cases like yours where it's like, listen, we never had debt. We never went through a season where we were really sacrificing to win. We never needed to. And I say kudos to you for that, but in those situations, that's the time where I'm like, listen, if you wanna get a little bit more intense to do it, I'm not mad at it. I don't think the means that you stated earlier was the way to do that. But it would've been one thing to me if your wife was like, listen man, we just spent three years, you know, in the trenches, I want to take a break. But in this case you really didn't. And if you wanted to get more intense along with your intentionality, I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing when you haven't gone through that baby step two situation.


I agree. But not at this particular option. Not in this way. Because now you're increasing your expenses to take this opportunity and, and when you and just by the way, challenge us on the numbers off this call, right? That's right. So take the $20,000 gross that you're gonna make. So we know you're gonna take taxes on that. So run your taxes on that. You have a pretty good idea what that is. Okay. And then you look at the increase in childcare and you start playing that out. And, and so that's how you just walk through these decisions. If, if you had said to us, Caleb, I'm gonna make an additional 20 k, keep the same schedule, get to work at home, then I think it's a very different conversation. But man, you're in good shape and listen to your wife on this one. Yeah.


Yeah. If you don't listen to us, listen to her. Perfect. Will do. Yeah. You the man. I appreciate that. You the man. You know, fascinating. I love to hear a young man who's going, I really want to pay this off. And he's, and he's, he's like, holding me back, Jade. Right, right. Holding me back. Like, am I doing? And, and boy. As opposed to the opposite effect, you know, where people are just like, oh, they're not even thinking about it at all. They aren't willing to sacrifice. Really interesting way of coming at this. It Is, it is. And I think it's worth that conversation because yeah, when Sam and I, after we spent seven and a half years paying off our debt, I was, I we're weary right at that point. Yeah. Like the last thing You wanna do. If he'd come to with more intensity, he'd have been like, Hey man, I listen, I tried to do it.


You you tried. I I've tried a couple of times to go really hard on something and Sam's like, I need you good to calm down. Yeah. It's, he's out there. He's like, yeah, I see him. I see him too. He's like, I need you to calm down, Jade. And it's true. That's true. Even if you've done a, an intense two year battle, right? Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's the way the, that's why the baby steps are the way they are because we need a break. Yeah. We need a breather to live and enjoy life. So Yeah. I can't believe you just pulled the standing on business hat out of the, for those of you that are watching on YouTube, you have to check it out. You made these Hats. Yeah. Yeah. You have Made all for that Moment. Yeah. How funny Is that? This originated with Sam Warshaw. He was like, we need to get Sam a standing on business hat.


We need to get There two there. So I think he and I will sign him to each other. There you go. And they'll just, they'll be bros. That's Right. But you gotta pull that out when it's time. Yeah. Sam, you and I a stick with these hats. We'll smoke a stick soon on that. All Right. Quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All Right. So I was born and raised in Texas and I love the myth of the lone cowboy. You know, the guy who doesn't need anyone or anything. It's a fun story. And it's a lie in our self-obsessed society. We're obsessed about our own diets, our own workout routines, our own jobs, our own social media feeds, everything. It's easy to forget that no one can do life alone. And I don't care if you're an introvert, an extrovert, or whatever you wanna call yourself. We all have to have a community and a support system to do life with. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all by ourselves to knowing that we can only be well and whole when we ask for help. Therapy can be a great source of help and support for any area of your life. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy so it can fit with your schedule. To get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost this month. Start to build your support system with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/deone.


The Ramsey Show continues. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Laura is joining us now in Los Angeles. Laura, How can we help? Hi, I, my husband and I are in know a lot of debt from a small business we started and I need you to guide me Okay. How to get out of it, I guess. All Right. Give us some numbers. Okay. So we're talking if we're combining personal and business, it's about like 150. Okay. How much is from the business though? I'm just curious. Well, I would say all of it because we put in from personal into the business, but Got it.


Just the, like the credit cards would be like 90,000 Wooey. Okay. And what's the rest of the, the debt? What's The, the 60? They're all, they're all, they're all credit cards. All of it's on all one fifty's on credit cards. Yes. So, oh My word. So We even opened up personal loans to pay for the credit cards So we can have more space for the credit cards. It's a mess. So how many credit cards total? I would say there's about seven. Seven. And then you said you have personal loans open too. Is that included in the one 50 or is that, what is that?


Yes. Okay. That that's included in the one 50. Yeah. Okay. So your thought is like, hey, we use these personal loans to pay down the credit card to clear up more space So we can borrow more on the credit card. Exactly. Aye Y What's the, what's your income situation? Are you guys still working in the business? No. No. We, it took us a while, but we brightened up to, to close that business. Well, it's still open but it's not running. Okay, gotcha. So what's your income? He, My husband makes about, I would say one 20 and I make 80. So Where does that money come From? Are you, we each have jobs. Got It. Okay. So we got $200,000 combined income.


Correct. Okay. Do you have any other debt outside the one 50? I know she asked you that, but I'm just totally clarifying. This is all of your debt. Well, I, yeah, we have a a mortgage, a car. If you're, if, if, if that's what you're asking. Yeah, We wanna know. So total debt. Tell us about your cars, your student loans, any, anything that you owe money towards that you make a monthly payment towards. We wanna know about it. So go ahead and tell me your mortgage. I'm just curious, what do you owe on it? I would say we owe it like 400,000. So, so monthly I paid 3,300 for mortgage.


Okay. The car I paid 700 a month. I think there's like 19,000 left on it. Okay. We have a leased car that's $400 a month. My son's school is 850 a month. My school, Is that private school or is that daycare? Private school. Okay. How old is he? Four. Okay. Okay, keep going. My school one is 400. So our personal loans, his is 1600 a month. Mine is eight 50 a month.


Okay. And how much, but that personal loan is included in the one 50 you told me earlier? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Tell me, when you guys get your paychecks, like after everything's taken out, what do you take home every month? What's your check look like? Bet both of you declined Mine. Yeah, mine is about 2000 and his is about, Oh no, that's on every other week. So 4,000. Okay. So Thousand, about 9,000 for him. Okay. That's the good news. So 13 net. And just a real quick question, I don't wanna get bogged down on this, but why is the 4-year-old in a private school?


Because of, I, I don't want him to learn anything that Right, but is it pre-K? Yes. Okay. So it doesn't have to be in pre-K, I'm just wondering. I'm right outta the Case. There's some money there. Yeah, there's some money to be saved on some home care maybe versus, but I, I, I don't, there's bigger issues going on, but y'all gotta, y'all gotta like cut back big time. There's The big Time, there's the bumper stickers that jade's about ready to walk you through. Well I think that's, I mean, jumping off with, with Ken's point could be a good place to start. You know, the only way to get out of debt is there's two methods you could invoke here. You could work more, right?


To have more margin. You could also cut back on your budget to find more margin or you can do a combination of both. And to Ken's point, that school might be a great place to start because I don't know what you were gonna say as far as like I don't want them to learn certain things. I, it might be some of the same feelings that I have and my kid is in private school, but for right now it's okay. Or and they're in daycare and for right now it's okay. So it might be worth it for you to invoke that when they get a little bit older. Could be that it's your kid, your Profit. Yeah, I was gonna say, I, yeah, and I, I may step on toes here, but since we're here I'm gonna go ahead and say it. 'cause I know a lot of Americans are thinking this, so I'm gonna go ahead and say it.


Get in there. You might have to put your hat on. I don't remember anything from my 12th grade year. Your 4-year-old, no matter what they're trying to teach the kid. I mean, I get it. I'm not in la, I get it, but I don't know. I would be looking to save $800 a month tonight. Yeah. I mean at the end of the day, what matters most is what you teach 'em at home. Yeah. But Again, we're, I know we're really getting into your personal life. I know. And I gotta be careful. I'm not judging you. I'm just saying we're not, you know, the 4-year-old, we could cut that. That's 800 bucks a month. That's $9,600 a year. It's a lot for where you're at right now. It is a lot. We just wanna highlight that. It is a lot. Next thing is, I'm looking at possibly both of these cars.


I wanna know about how you can get out of this lease. When is this lease over? Like very soon. I would say like four months. Okay. And then your option, you just turn the car in and you're out. Yeah. Okay. So I would do that. Don't try to buy back the car, nothing like that. Just get out of the lease. And in the meantime, do you have any money saved? No, everything is Gone. Okay. Then what I'd be doing, knowing that this lease is about to come up, I'd be like, we gotta stack up $3,000 because when this lease goes away, we need to be able to buy a car in cash. And that's what that, that's kind of the car plan. So write that down in your notebook as when we've turned in this lease in three months.


In three months, we'll also be buying a three to $4,000 car. I know you have the margin in your budget to do that. Okay. Okay. So that deals with one car. Let's talk about the $19,000 car. Do you know what that car is worth? The payment was kind of high. Didn't you say it was like $700? Yes, it it, I think we bought it at 50,000. Okay. Do you know what it's worth now? I don't. Okay. That's your second piece of car homework. I want you to go on kelly blue book.com. Look at private sale because it sounds like if, if you bought it at 50 and judging by the height of your payment, I feel like you've been paying this off kind of fast.


Is that, am I wrong? No, you're, you're, yeah, you're right. Okay. So you might actually, you might not be upside down and if you're not, I would still get out of this and get into something cheaper because a $700 payment, you need that money. And so now we've just found $1,100 in your, in your budget with these cars and you need every dime of that to go towards paying off this, this credit card debt. The good news is can, I mean, you guys have a good income, it's not wonderful for la but it's wonderful for the rest of the country. Yeah. And it's doable. And again, not telling you what to do with your kid in school, but if we take the 800 on top of that, now we're right at the doorstep of two grand that we found in your monthly budget.


That goes a long way to paying off $150,000 in debt. Okay. 'cause now you're looking at, if we just take 2000 a month that you found and you put it towards debt, that's 24,000 a year. Now that's a long haul. Right? And this is a drastic change of your lifestyle. Yes. You're not going on vacation. You know, you, you aren't going out to eat. You guys are gonna have to really hustle. But, but again, my, my co-host today, this is a woman who, who her and her husband paid off half a million dollars. She needs a little pep talk as we go into the break here. 'cause Yeah, I do. Mindset wise, what does she gotta be thinking right now? You've gotta be thinking the hard part is you're making a good income and to not be living in that income feels like, oh man, I've been working hard.


But the time will come when you do get to do that. So just hold on. If you clean up this mess, you're going to enjoy your income like you never have before. Right Now you've kind of foe enjoyed it with all these things on payments and it's not all it's cracked up to be. But if you walk through this journey, you're gonna get to enjoy the fruit of 220 plus thousand dollars a year with no debt in payments. You can send your kid to the school that you want to and you don't have the stress associated with it because you'll actually be able to afford it. You can do it. You can appreciate The call. Alright. Quick break. Jade Warshaw Ken Coleman. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right


back. You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xander is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282


Alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. You're listening to The Ramsey Show. So excited that you are with us today as we help you win with your money, winning your profession, and win with your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number we'd love to hear from you. We'd go to Paul, who's right here in our backyard. Nashville, Tennessee. Paul, How can we help today? Hi, how are you guys Doing well, sir. What's going on? So I, I'm 22 years old, about to turn 23 and so is my wife. We recently just got married about six months ago and I knew before we got married that she wants to be a stay at home mom.


But I have no idea how to have a career or a job or whatever to support that kind of thing. I'm a college dropout and so I'm trying to figure out like how, how does one have a career? Good. Well I'm a college dropout as well. And so I want you to stop saying it that way the rest of your life. I want you to stop saying it the way that you said it. And I'm not criticizing you. I'm actually going, Hey man, everybody's got their story. Everybody's got their reasons for it. That does not limit you. And so I wanna make sure we get our shoulders back on that. Okay? So I'm a college dropout. All Right? And, and, and so I'm not gonna let you talk about me the way you talk about you that way.


All Right? Okay. Kim, you got this Paul. All Right, so let's talk about real numbers. All Right. So she wants to be a stay at home mom. Love that. Yep. It's the greatest job in the world. Yep. Mad respect for it. My wife Stacy was a professional, made really good money and then she's been at home for a while. I got mad props for that. How much money? I think you got a number in your mind. Or let's come up with a number. If you earned X amount of dollars that would replace her income at the minimum. So what's the number? We don't have any kids right now, but to just stick her at the house, I would have to be making 85. But to have the amount of kids that we want it, I'd probably have to be making 150 to 200 Maybe.


How many kids do you want? Maybe She wants five. Oh, Lordy. Hello. Well, so are we trying right now or is this just something we're talking about? 'cause we've been married six months. No. Okay. Thank the lord. I'm sitting there going, we're now we're, yeah. Y'all need to slow your role. Yeah. And learn how to be married for heaven's sakes. You've been married Six months. Yeah, we're waiting like five years to have kids. Oh, well let me also say, you know what Paul, let me just tell you, all those plans are great. You have no idea what what's in store for, you Know. No Idea. You have zero idea. So let's do what we, let's, let's focus on what we know. She's in a job right now, correct? Yes sir. And She's not coming home anytime soon 'cause there's no reason to come home, correct?


Yeah. What's she earn? Take home is 33. Okay, great. And what do you take home right now? Oh, 33,000 I take home. Yes. $33,000 a year. Okay. All Right. So you guys are fine. You're 66 take home. That's not bad at all. You guys can stack cash. You have any debt? No debt. I, we've made sure to, I made sure to pay all my college debts off. Alright, so I, I'm gonna bring Jade back in in just a minute to pick you up right where you, I just left you but I wanna talk about what you want to do. I think this is what I've been doing for years is coaching people to find work they're wired to do. I'm gonna give you at the end of this phone call my bestselling book, find the work you're wired to do.


It has the get clear career assessment in it. Okay? Okay. And I want you to take it and then I want you to read the book 'cause the book is me coaching you along with your assessment results. But let's just see if we can get a couple ideas. 'cause I just believe Paul, that you know what it is or you have a couple ideas of something that you would like to do. And if I could wave my pencil and go poof and you were doing it and making the money you'd like to make, what is it that you would like to do? Any ideas? I would want to probably own a real estate and or logistics company. Great. And why logistics? What about logistics intrigues you?


I've just been kind of good at it and it's fun. Maybe that's weird to say but it's fun. No, it's perfect. My assessment measures three things, Paul. What you are good at doing. You just said you've always been good at it and what you love to do. That's amazing. I love to do what I'm doing right now. It's fun. It's really fun. So that's not weird. So logistics has got a lot of application to it that's very versatile in the world of work. 'cause if you're good at logistics, there's some operational roles, a lot of ways you can go with that. And, and then real estate, if you're smart, you transition to that over time. That's great. So what's keeping you from moving into logistics over the next year or two or three?


What, what do you think is missing? Do you have to have a degree to work in logistics? I mean I work for a logistics company right now. We supply apartments but I don't really like know what to do to get into the logistics space. Okay. Lemme Ask you a question. Who, since you're in logistics right now, who at your current company would be able to answer that question about what would it look like to climb the ladder into logistics? I could probably find some people on our like company portal that I could probably email a couple of logistics Executives. Paul. Paul, I'm gonna give you the magical key that most young people never discover.


You ready? You find out who are the logistics veterans in the company portal. You send them an email or a chat or a voicemail and it sounds kind of like this. Hey so and so. My name's Paul. I'm a young guy who would love to get into logistics. I've always been good at it, I really love it. But I need someone with experience to just give me their wisdom on the multiple ways that I can grow and climb the ladder in logistics. Would you be willing to spend time with me if I bought your coffee or lunch and you just rinse and repeat until you get somebody to do that. And then you actually pay attention to what they tell you and then go find some other things good on message boards and logistics, read, listen to podcasts, find everything.


It is about a, about logistics that are out there. And believe me, it's out there, there and you figure out how to get there. Now, once you know that that's a good move for you and my assessment, the get clear career assessment will help you with that. And it's gonna validate all the stuff we're talking about. Start moving forward with that. And by the way, Christian, let's also give him a copy of my book number one bestseller, the Proximity Principle. I'm just piling it on the young man because I want to hand you over to Jade. We got a couple minutes and I want her to walk you through how you will get ahead financially now that we're gonna have a path and we're gonna be making more money how we plan for little ones and mama to come home down the road. Yeah, I, I want you to have a clear picture in your mind by the time you leave this call.


Ken gave you the career piece. So let's talk about what it could look like. So you've got kind of a five year play here, right? There's five years where both of you guys are in the workforce during that time. You're getting your income up. It's 66 now. You know by the time she takes the baton or you take the baton from her, hopefully you're carrying that on your own and more So the key here is the house. Like that is the key. That's the foundation of all of this. If you can set yourself up, you don't have any debt right now. Right? If you can get into a house and you're already projecting saying, okay, this house, it can't be more than 25% of our take home, pay my take home pay. 'cause you're gonna be the only one working. So at this point, let's say you're making 66,000, right?


You're carrying that on your own. Okay? Payment can't be any more than $1,200, right? That's, that's the max. So now is the plan, the time to start saving towards that and making that happen, right? That you've got five years to make that happen. And then it, once you're in baby step four, you're saving, you're putting aside 15% of your income. That's 825 bucks a month from now until the cows come home. I mean if you just did that on one salary with your kids, like you could retire with $5 million. So there, this is, this is the picture that I want to paint. You're creating stability by your home. And by the way, when you get that home, it's gotta be based on your income.


Not both of you together, just what yours is. That's gonna be the key to this. And then from then on, it's, it's you guys making Ken, how can I say this delicately? A lot of times folks call in and the, the childbirth has kind of taken over all other thought process. Yeah. And it's like you just have to understand that kids are expensive and they're not getting any cheaper. Yeah. So you guys might get to three babies and go, oh yeah, Okay. Well it's really hard to make current decisions on hypothetical future decisions. And what I mean is what you're saying. Yeah, sure. I understand. We want five kids is what she's saying. But we don't know how that's gonna happen. Yeah. You may look at this situation and go, okay, I haven't gotten quite to 66,000, I'm at 50,000.


Yeah. What, how does that play into this? And that's okay. A lot of life happens between now and five years from now. And everything we lay out it's awesome. But life has a real weird way of never turning out exactly the way we plan it to. So that's why you wanna make these great money decisions now and then deal with what happens when life throws it at you. Great hour. Jade Warshaw always fun. This is your show. It's The Ramsey Show.


If you need health insurance for yourself or your family, you might be lost in a maze of confusing terms, overwhelming options and questions about networks. Not to mention high costs and bad service from insurance companies that don't care about what you want. Common concerns like those are why I'm proud to recommend Health Trust Financial. They've been working with RAMSEY for over 20 years and they're the only RAMSEY trusted health insurance broker. Health Trust Financial takes an unbiased approach to finding you the best health insurance for your situation. They listen to your needs and because they work for you, not the insurance companies, their service is free with no obligations and no pressure. Here's the best part. Health Trust financial customers typically save an average of $500 a month. Health Trust Financial is your one stop shop for unbiased advice about health insurance options to make sure you don't overpay. So get out of the maze by going to HealthTrust financial.com today. Health trust financial.com.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their life, specifically their money, their profession, and their relationships alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number to jump in. She'll coach you up on saving money, budgeting money, investing money. I'm going to coach you up on how to make more of it as the young people call it Manion. This is a new term I learned today. Yeah, that's right. Or some high schoolers. I can't wait to drop that on my kids. Oh, they're gonna And see how fast. Love it. And heat it. How fast and hard they roll their eyes. It's my daughter likes to see all the time. You're so cringe, dad. Oh man. You know, make a meme out of it. Yeah, It's it's, it's what I'm supposed to do.


It's part of the role of a dad. But we're here for you America, you ready to go? I'm ready. Come on partner. Alright, she's ready folks. Sarah is up in Miami floor. Oh, near your old stomping ground. Hey, you like that Sarah? How can we help? Hi guys. Thank you so much for having on. So my parents opened up a credit card for me when I was younger in my name. So right now the card has about 18,000 in debt and I want to know what's the best way to go about paying it off. They've already agreed to help me pay off since it's the three of us. Our charges are on it, but I want to know what's the best way to go about it.


So the 18,000 isn't just your spending, it's it's your parents' spending as well? Yeah, the three of us. Oh, oh wow. Okay. Do you know who spent what? Is there any, do you know who's on the hook for how much? Is there a spreadsheet? Yeah, In November we had a trip where they put about $5,000 in charges and then it's been open since I think I was 16. So I can't, you know exactly point out who has what. Oh, oh gosh. But I pay off. Yeah, I pay off every month like what I put on. Obviously I've stopped now just 'cause we're trying to pay it off.


So, so there's no more charges going onto it. But I want to know what's the best. They've agreed to pay it off. So they've put money on it, but it's just 18. It just seems so huge to me. Who's the, Who's the primary, who's the primary on it? Are you the primary and they're the co-signer or how, how, who's, who's in charge of it? My mom is the primary. Okay. Can, my first order of business would be for me to be taken off of it just from a credit perspective. Just from a responsibility perspective. This is you doing damage control saying, hey, the truth is, and I I I'm not saying you say this to her, but I'm saying this to you, the truth is they pulled this debt out in your name before you were of age to even be able to make the decision to say yes or no.


That's the truth. 16 is not the time for you to be deciding if you should have credit card debt with your parents. The answer would be no. But you didn't know that. Okay. So first order of business is mom and dad, I need you to take my name off of this and I want my name off of this. So that's numero uno. You do that tonight because the truth is how old are you Right now? I'm 26. Yeah, you're 26. And the truth is, one day you're gonna wanna do something that requires your credit score to be zero. And as long as this is around your credit score can't go to zero. Right. Which is what we were trying to get to. So that needs to happen. And then after that you can say, okay, let's look at the charges are, let's look at what the charges are now and let's go through and let's kind of itemize this thing.


And I'm fine with you going, this was me. I will pay that and this was not me. I will not pay that right now if we're, if we're trying to play a chess game here, it's really important that you get your name off of this thing first. Yeah, I was gonna ask, I love the advice. Do you think that's gonna go down Okay, Sarah? I'm curious. Yeah, they're pretty reasonable. Okay. Okay, good. Because if, if you start talking about what you're not gonna pay Yeah. They may not wanna take your name off it. I, I think Jade's exactly right. Is there any way, and you have to forgive me, I don't, I really don't know this, I just don't know. Yeah. What can they, how far back can they track? Can they track the expenses over the lifetime of this card?


Or is that like going to some like credit card? Yeah, I don't think database. I think that would be hard to do. I'd probably go back $18,000 worth of charges because the thing is they've been using it, paying it off, using it, paying it off. Oh. So as it stands now, but You can't, okay, so of the eight, that's what I'm asking. Yeah. So of the 18 that's on there now Yeah. That's like a fresh start. That's can they track that? They, they being Sarah and the and her parents Credit card? The credit card, I mean, oh yeah, probably good. I mean does the credit card have a, obviously it's a website, but can, does it have the capability that she and her parents could go in and they could get an itemized list of, of the current 18 k this is what it's made up of so that they can divvy it up? I mean yeah, you could do that.


I know It's a dumb Question. You could probably go back. My guess is probably three months of expenses is probably 18,000. 'cause they spent 5,000 just in November. Right? So you could probably just pull up the past, you know, three or four months statements. And the reason I'm, I'm so hung up on that Sarah Jade's advice is absolutely stellar. And to the extent that you can find out what is yours, and you and mom and dad are all mature and we go, okay, this is our chunk and this is your chunk. And let's say you come back and I'm making this up, but let's say your chunk is half of it at nine K now because you're off the card and what you're gonna do is you're gonna pay nine K to mom and dad to put on the card. Hopefully they'll do that.


Hopefully they will. But that ain't your problem. And you will come to an agreement, mom and dad, I owe you $9,000 and I'm gonna make that. Right. So whatever the number is, that's what we want you to do. And that's gonna make this clean from a boundary standpoint for you, which is really important. Really, really important. And the hard part is, you know, I would tell you, hey, like if, if for some reason you ask them to take you off and they give you a problem, you could contest it like with the, with the credit bureaus and say, Hey, I got this when I was a minor. The hard part now is you have been spending on it and it's kind of been, you've okayed it from a certain perspective. So I I really would, it's all going to melt down to how you have this conversation Yeah.


To get them to take you off. That's right. But yeah, that's a good idea. I'll definitely do that. I just had one more question. Okay. I am worried about my credit. Are they? So when they take me off the card, will my credit be impacted? It probably. I don't want it to go down. That's the part where I'm not exactly sure because you're not disputing it. You're not saying, Hey, this never happened. It'd be one thing. That's why I said if you went to the credit bureaus and said, Hey, they did this when I was 16, I didn't give 'em consent. Yeah. Then it'd almost be fraudulent and they'd take you off and for you it'd be like it never happened. But I Want you to coach her up on stuff that she just said. She didn't catch what you said earlier. She said, I don't want my credit score to go down. You want it to go to zero? Give her the quick pep pep talk on why.


I don't think she caught that. Am I right Sarah? Yeah, that's very good. Yeah. You need to hear this. Okay. It's important. So, So go ahead. So the key is, the key is for your credit score to go to zero, not necessarily to go up. So the truth is, if you've had any sort of debt that you were using and you pay it off and you close it out, or in this case you get it off of your credit report, it could impact your credit report. But over time when you stop borrowing money and there's no open accounts on your credit, your credit score is gonna go to zero. And so if that credit is the only debt you have, once your name is removed off of that over time in a very short period of time, six months to a year, your credit score is gonna roll to zero and a zero credit score is just as good as a high credit score.


Okay? That's the one thing they don't teach you in school. They don't teach you on the internet. They don't teach that because nobody benefits from that. But you, no company is making a bunch of money on that, but you Okay. That's why they don't teach it. But it's absolutely true. So that's what we're working towards. Get this in the motion, get it happening, get your name off of it and don't borrow any more money and you'll be good. That's right. Yep. But you got this. I think a lot of people don't realize you can buy a house with zero credit score. Yes. You can live life without a credit card. Yes. It's all very doable. If you wanna know more about that, just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com. You know, in search, we got articles on that. We get, people Think we make it up, Ken. No, It's, it's, it's a real thing. It is doable.


So, Sarah, you got this kiddo. Thanks for the call. We're rooting for you. Alright, quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites. And it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And There's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spams to find. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean, it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. I love these reports so far. Get this, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Removed me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. It's amazing. So again, that's join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out.


You guys.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry in slow motion than file your taxes, but thankfully you don't have to dread filing when you've got Ramsey Smart Tax. It comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus, with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Smart tax.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number to jump in. We'd love to have you. Palm Springs, California is where Jenny joins us. Jenny, How can we help you today? Hi. Hello. My, I'm a nineties kid by the way. Nice. Come on. My parents are getting old. Love it. My parents are getting older, so now they're in their late seventies. They've done well for themselves, but now I'm helping them because I noticed they were paying quite a bit of money into a flexible premium adjustable universal life insurance. Oh. They've had dinging ding ding since 1986. Oh Man. Oh man. That thing's got mold on it.


My, well, my dad worked in law enforcement and his initial hourly rate was only $4 and 80 cents. Wow. So it made sense to them back then to have this a hundred thousand dollars policy for him. 'cause you know, you don't know what's gonna happen. So, but after doing some research, I've gone back and forth. The policy's been sold from company to company. They don't even have the records for this policy 'cause it's 39 years old. And their cash value has basically depleted. My mom's very Smart with what? Do you know what it is? The cash value? Oh yes. So the first, well the cash value now is I think down to a thousand dollars. Oh my gosh. And they've been paying Intuit since the eighties basically. Yes. Oh Lord. Basically they've totally paid $48,000 Wow.


From their money into this policy. Okay. And so they have three different, well, one policy is 25,000, two riders, one for 50 and one for 75. So basically 150 for both my parents. Okay. Right Now what happened was they said, oh, you stopped paying your payments. But my mom said, no way. I've paid my pay. She's paid over the amount over all these years. And basically what happens, and I have been researching, so it's imploding on itself. So now their cash value is gone. And my question is, right now we're at, we're at a a level playing field. Do they stop paying this? I'm trying to get the answers from somebody. They won't give them to me.


Well, Let's find out. Should they have A policy? What's the rest? Let tell me more about their financial setting. Because the hope is that you can get to the point where you're self-insured. That's, that's the hope. Yes. Is to get to that point. So tell me more about their finances. Aside from this, this universal life, do they have a nest egg? And if, if so, how much is that? They, they've owned four homes. They currently own three homes. But my parents being the great people they are, are leaving those homes to their children. Okay. What are they worth? So they won't sell those. I would say they're probably worth a million and a half. Okay. So 1.5 million. Do they have debt on them or are they cash paid For cash? No, they only owe a little bit left on one home, I think 25,000 left on One home.


Okay. So essentially paid for, so three homes worth 1.5 million. Do you know what their nest egg is? That's in the stock market savings. I, they don't have stock market. My mom didn't come from that era. Okay. She didn't want that. So I think in savings they have liquid about 250,000. Okay. 250,000 cash. Okay. So they're millionaires. They're doing fine. These, I mean, is the assumption that these homes are gonna con, continue to go up in value? They've been taken care of? Oh, yes. Okay. So there's worse things that could be going on here. The chances of them, you know, going out and getting a term life insurance policy for anything reasonable at this point, you said they're in their late seventies, it is not happening.


Right. Right. So the best you can think through is, okay, if one of them were to have an event that was not paid for, if any of one of them were to go into assisted living, is there money to pay for it? And the other spouse, the remaining spouse still have money to live off of? That's kind of the equation that you're doing in your head, right? Yes. Okay. So a couple of things that I would do for that to be more of the case of this $250,000 in cash. I would want to invest some of that because I'd want it working for me, that's a big chunk of money that should be making, I mean, over the last three years, if that had been invested, the rate of return would've been unbelievable on that.


But just even in a normal market, in a normal market, you're looking for at least a 10% annualized rate of return. That means if we look back on the track record, over the course of, you know, five or six or 10 years, we're looking at 10%. Is that annual annualized percentages of, of, of return there. So that two 50, if you can talk with them and say, here's the truth. It and, and I didn't ask you this, I guess I should, are you sure that this is their only life insurance that they have? Or is there another policy or something else laying around? I I am pretty sure. So I'm not very smart on life insurance policies. But once you stop paying, they're gone. Right? Yeah. Well if, if, If you've let it lasts, if it's a term.


Yeah. How old are they? They, my dad's 78 and my mom is 75. I just don't think they need insurance at this point. I think they're okay now. Well, I mean, here's my thing With all those houses and then what, what, what's, what's beyond the house? They've got 250 cash, but I'm always looking at what if one of them becomes very ill and they need assisted living or they need somebody living. Well that's Why I'm with you. I'd invest that and I would use that as like that. That's that fund, that's the fund for that. Here's the thing, I don't know, what are they paying a month on this coverage? It's a hundred thousand dollars. What are they paying on it? So she's been paying $185 and their premium was only 50.


Yeah, it's peanuts 54. Yeah. It's, But that's what I'm now that their, their cash value is gone. Where do all these fees come from after they make their own major Nine? 'cause it's just, it's a terrible product Now. You get it now. You know why we hate It. It's a horrible product. They lo they got nickel and dime to death on their own cash value. They're not, they're horrible products. And that's what we try to tell people. You pay into this thing for life and at the end of the day, you have nothing to show for it. All they have is their a hundred thousand when they pass away. Which, you know, if, if they keep it around much. Yeah. If they keep it around and they're like, I'm happy to pay the $185 a quarter or whatever it is. You know, they're not getting rich off of this thing, which is what we've learned.


And when they pass away, you're not getting rich off of it either, is what it amounts to. No. And so, and here's the thing, if they had passed away, they wouldn't have gotten to keep the cash value anyway. That's the, that's the most ridiculous thing about this whole thing. Yeah. So they're in it, it's not, it's a horrible product. If they wanna get out, they can get out. If they stay in, it's not the end of the world. They've got the money to pay for it. And it's in, in many ways. I guess at this point it's better than nothing. 'cause it's not overly expensive monthly. But that cash, Would there be a penalty for them to get out of it now? I could. They say, okay, we don't want it anymore. Yeah, ask about that. Ask and find out. At this point, I feel like they could probably surrender it with no issue, but just find out about that and Push for that.


Push for that. But this two 50, I'm trying and I can't get anybody to help me or help him while we're both here. But nobody will help. Nobody will answer my questions. It's all, well, we don't know. We have to look it up and nobody has answers for me. Oh no. When you Well that's 'cause they don't want you to get out of it. They've gotten $48,000. They got answers. They just don't like the answers. I would, I would really just put the pressure on somebody and become their worst nightmare. And you'll be surprised if somebody wants to get rid of you, you can be nice, but just, you're just like a bulldog. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm a nineties kid. I'm good at getting somebody's worst nightmare To come. There. You, there's a nineties reference. Go. There you go. Come on. You know, you get, you Get into it. I mean, like, New kids on the block hanging tough. You know what I mean? That's what I'm dropping.


That's our theme song. Yes. Okay. You know, Hanging tough. I I like it. Yeah. I mean, there's no cash value. I can't imagine what they might charge to surrender this at this point, but check into it and, and if, if you wanna lapse it, let it lapse. They're not gonna get into anything else though at this point is what I'm saying. And the good news is, is they have the money to self-insure, but pushing on that 250 to get that invested, I would do that if I were you. Yeah. And do you know, will will the premium keep going up and up and up so they get their fees? Say that again. Will the premium the on the whole life keep going up? They might. Yeah. I'm telling you, They might, You can cancel this thing.


Get out of it. Get out of it. It's, it's, And if there is a penalty at this point, it's like, who cares? Get out of the thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They paid $48,000 into this and they have a hundred thousand dollars of coverage.


It's the last call for our two night virtual event, Dave Ramsey's Investing Essentials. It's set for May 21 and 22. And you do not wanna miss this. I'll unpack my personal playbook on investing and real estate and show you how you can feel confident in your investments too. Tickets are 1 99. Snag a VIP ticket and you'll get two sessions with a RAMSEY preferred coach. You can join from anywhere. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events and get your ticket today.


That's terrible. I'm Unfortunately, I'm unfortunately at the, the time of my life where insurance is such a fraud and I'm, I know I'm saying that blanketly, but after looking at all of this for them, I'm thinking what a fraud you could have put that money into something else. And I don't wanna make my parents feel bad about it because they said we were doing what we thought was right at the time. It happens all the time.


That's why we teach term life insurance is the best way to get it. With term life insurance, you're only paying for insurance with all these other universal life and all these other, you're giving them that's right. Extra for them to invest it for you at a horrible rate of return. It's loaded with fees and at the end of the day you're in, you end up with nothing. Th what these people have ended up with is so typical. And so your best bet term life insurance, check out our friends at Xander Insurance. They will hook you up. Yeah. Yeah. And it's peace of mind and it's for the term. That's right. And that's why it's so beautiful. Once you get past that, you don't need it. Guess what? Don't need it. Guess you're not paying for it.


All Right. Quick break. More of your calls coming up. This is The Ramsey Show. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is joining me. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number to jump in. We'd love to hear from you. Javin is joining us now in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. Javin, How can we help? Hey, how are you? Good, how are you today? Doing pretty good. Okay. So little bit of background for my question. Me and my fiance, we recently got engaged back in September and we are set to get married in November of 20 of this year.


With that being said, as you know, I am very excited and there's nothing that I want more than to marry her. But I am also very nervous because I've never had to financially lead anybody in my life. And so I guess my question is, what are, what are some of the best steps that I can take in order to ensure that we'll have a, we'll be financially successful and we'll keep the money fights to a minimum. Oh, really thoughtful question. How old are you? 22. Do You have any debt? No, sir. Does She, So she doesn't have any debt right now, but she's going to school to be a pa and she is, she wants to go to PA school, but you know, obviously her parents didn't save any money for her and to go to PA school.


So she's gonna have to take out loans, I'm guessing. And when Will she start? Right now? That's kind of unknown. She has been applying to different schools. She did have an interview and she got wait listed. So right now it's just kind of unknown. Okay. Well, I, I want, I, I want Jade to weigh in obviously on this, but from a, I really thought it was in a really mature way of asking the question. Yeah. You've never had to lead anybody. And, and when it comes to husband and wife and the word leading could get tricky for some people. And I think what I'm gonna say, hopefully, hopefully helps everybody.


I wouldn't look at it as, as telling her what to do if that's what we think leading is. I think modeling the way that's Great, Ken is What I would define as leading when it comes to a marital relationship. Right. And so modeling the way is you being disciplined with money, you being transparent about money, you being thoughtful about money, you know, just coming at it from a, it's a we and so for instance, give you classic example leading her right now would be sitting down with her and going, Hey, here's my view on student loan debt and just debt in general. Here's what it does to me.


Here's why it does that to me. And when I say the why, I don't mean like RAMSEY bullet point language. I mean like you personalizing going that's right. I I grew up this way or whatever, whatever. Like, so that she goes, she feels very safe because you're not, you're not talking at her about this. You're going, here's how I feel about money in general and I feel as your future husband that I have a responsibility to lead us, is how I would say that. And, and, and say I can we talk about what it might look like to save up in cashflow pa school or, or I'm gonna bring you in here because I, I wanted to try to take the, I wanted to give you some wisdom from my, you know, as a man in the marriage, Stacey, very strong.


We've always been on the same page about money when we didn't start that way. In other words, we may start a conversation we ain't on the same page. Yeah, yeah. But when we finish the conversation, Jade, we gotta get on the same page and Yeah. And so I'm bringing you in here. I'm tagging, this is like a wrestling match and and I'm tagging tag you, you in the corner over there. Okay. You're jumping off the ring. You're I'm getting out, I'm getting outta the ring and I need you to come in because I do want the female perspective as well. Okay. I'm jumping off the ropes into the ring. Be gentle now don't, don't elbow drop it right in the head. I think Ken is exactly right And I think as much as you can when you have this conversation, Ken is right. Tell her the way that you're feeling. But as much as you can reiterate over and over and over again that you agree she should go to school.


Yes. Yes. Good point. I agree. Yes, I agree. You should go to school. I agree. I do want you to be become a pa. I agree. Your career is very important. I think whenever you're having a discussion like this, the person who's I'll say their thing, the thing they want to do when their thing that they wanna do is on the line, it can get defensive easily. Even if they're, you know, a person who doesn't wanna argue. It's just easy to think like, what does this mean? Does this mean I can't go to PA school then does this mean I can't do my dream? Right. So reiterating that over and over is gonna be so important. And then saying having ideas of here's what we can do. Yeah. I was thinking how can we make you go to school? 'cause I really want you to be able to go to school because it's important for you to become a pa.


Here's how we could do it cash and fund it in cash. Yeah. Right. That's right. And so being able to talk about it like that I think is gonna be really important. And yeah, that's how You leave out. You're gonna fine, but you're gonna be fine young man. You really will. If it's a, if it's a conversation, not, you're not dictating, you know, it's not like the old school, I'm trying to think of mad men where, you know, a guy barks at his oh man secretary and says do it. Yeah. As long as the posture is, I want what's best for our marriage and this is about peace and us not being like, you know, millions of couples that fight over money and then that turns into marriage issues that I think I'm just trying to take the pressure off Javin. Does that make sense to you?


Right. That that like, you don't have to be a know-it-all. You don't have to be this wise, you know, Sage. Yeah, no, you just gotta be smart with money and we're gonna walk along with you, you know, and by the way, as a, as a wedding gift by the way, I wanna give you total Money makeover Dave Ramsey's classic book. You know, so close to 10 million copies I think sold or whatever it is. That's just kind of the basics. And if you were to just follow that because you guys aren't in any kind of trouble, but if you were to just follow that, that would be great. What else can we give 'em? Yeah. Make sure they have financial peace university. Let's Do that. That'll be good. And along with that you'll have EveryDollar, we're just gonna set you guys up. You're getting married. This is our newly what gets to you.


So you get total money makeover, you get Financial Peace University, we'll give you EveryDollar premium for several months. You can hang out with that for a while. And yeah, I think if you can start having these conversations, maybe you start by not talking about PA school, maybe you just start by saying, Hey, what do we believe about debt? And you just have those conversations. How do we wanna handle our money? Right. Cool. And then this happens, the, the the, the conversation about school comes up as a result of you guys talking about the other, the other things. So yeah. I agree with that. Really good question though. I, I love your heart Javin. I think it's great that a young man is thinking about that and you know, it's, you gotta make the big decisions early in marriage.


Yeah. And, and then you spend the rest of your marriage managing those decisions and money is one of 'em, Man. It really is. Do you ever, Ken, do you ever listen to Jefferson Fisher? Oh sure. I had him on the Front Row Seat. That's right. You did. Coming out soon. Did. Oh that's right. You did. Oh man. All I could think of was him when I was thinking about this conversation. That's right. 'cause it's all about finding what you agree on and restating what you agree on. That's right. So that it doesn't That's right. Escalate. That's Right. And and I would also liken it. I'm glad you bring that up. I would also liken it to this going, this gonna give some people some heartburn. So hang with me. Okay. I would liken it to the family member that you're gonna see on a regular basis. So you can't be a jerk when that uncomfortable political Oh man, conversation happens.


Oh yeah. In other words, like if it's Uncle Larry who you see once a year, you might come at Uncle Larry if he says something. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. But like if it's your grandmother or somebody where it's like you choose relationship over being Right? Yes. Or the thing that you've the zinger where you're like, you just feel like I need to zing you. Yeah. And just kind of let you know what I think of people. We can do that on top tough topics and politics is one, money's another. Faith and religion, things like that. When there is some respect to say I'm gonna understand you. That's right. Because here's what I've learned about politics. You are never gonna convince somebody else because of your five points that you're gonna make in a debate.


Well, What's the key point of That? But seek, don't understand them. Just to Understand how you can't understand you're talking too much. A hundred percent ask questions. Yeah. Common ground. Where can we find common ground? And, and so this is a lot easier when it's your spouse, when it's okay, I'm just gonna seek to understand how she thinks and feels about money. Yeah. Let's start there. Seek to understand. That's so good. So good. Then I know what then I know what's going on. Yeah. You're not trying to convince them. You're not trying to bring them over to your side. What do you think about debt? And then she tells you and you go, what, what form of that? What, what, what do you think is, see all of a sudden this isn't a game, it's not manipulation, it's a legitimate respectful Yeah. Question asking that allows you to get on her page. It does not mean that you agree with everything on her page.


Right, right. But you're, but you got there Just listening. Yeah. Now You hope it's reciprocated and in a healthy relationship it will be reciprocated. I think that's the lesson. That's a very good Ken. At least that's the best you can do. And hope it works out from there. And without all else fails, go get a great therapist for your marriage. Hey, you know what I mean? I Know what you mean. Ken. Come on. Alright, quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey


Show. Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Pre-order today,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman, joined by Jade Warshaw. Thrilled to have you with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Let's go to Lafayette, Indiana and Steve is there. Steve, How can we help? Yeah. Hi. Appreciate you taking my call. So my wife and I are discussing whether we should be paying off the house. It's pretty much our last debt that we have. And mortgage I owe about 75,000 and the rate is at 2.79%. We have 420,000 roughly in a 401k and about another 400,000 in money market CDs.


And so I would like to keep it in the 401k, I'm sorry, in the, in the money market in the CDs and get about 4.5% off of that and, and just apply the overage towards the, towards the, the mortgage payment. And my wife is looking to, to take it outta there and just, just pay it off. Be done with it. Let's not worry about the house. So try to figure out, you know, financially what the best direction is to go. Okay. So let me just run that back real quick. So you're saying Yeah, she's like, Hey we've got 400,000 in a money market, let's just pull out the 1 75 and pay off the house. That's what she wants to do, correct? Yep. And you're saying you just want to use the interest as it accrues to pay off the house?


Yeah. Yeah. So if you keep the 1, 7, 5, you know, the full 400 in there. 'cause I'll be earning at a little bit higher rate than the 2.79. It's costing us for the mortgage. I mean, I'm with your wife, You're not gonna pay it off that fast If you run those numbers. I'm with Jade. Have you run the numbers on the interest and what that's gonna actually be. So for instance, let's put you on the spot over the next 12 months, what are you anticipating that the interest of the 400,000 is gonna throw off? Yeah, I I I guess I didn't really do the math close enough to be able to throw a number on the spot. Well, Let's, let's do it. Let's do it. So what is the, okay, what's the return? What do you think you're gonna get over the next 12 months on that money market?


So 400,000, four and a half. So would that be two 12,000? Am I doing that right? Am I, I think that's right. Let me get my cap. You're You're breaking up a little bit. My while, while Ken does that thought. Am I Gonna Put it Yeah, go ahead. My thought is just, it's kind of like ripping off the bandaid in a way. You take the money out, the, the 1 75 you pay off this mortgage, it frees up your payment right now. Which, how much is your payment right now? About 1700. But that's with Right. Insurance and taxes. Taxes and insurance. Yeah. All that. Yep. Okay. So, so I think, I think principal and interest is maybe 900 I wanna say of that.


Okay. So immediately you free up $900 if you wanted to, you could invest that or I mean, if you wanted to put it in a money market, I don't know why you have so much money in this money market, but I would invest that money and then you're completely debt free. And I, I love Dave Ramsey's take on this. 'cause he would say, Hey, if you hate the feeling of being debt free and you, you're kicking yourself because you could have, you know, made some interest on the 4.5% on your money market. You could always go back into debt and go back and do that plan. But I don't think you would, You know, no, probably not. Yeah. So I gotta I gotta jump in Steve really quick 'cause I I'm a hundred percent with your wife on this.


Here's why I just pulled the numbers. You're, you're at four and a half percent on the 400,000. It's 18,000 a year. However, if you pay the house off, you, you, you, you, you have massive, massive jump forward in, in your, in your long term, you know, play. And then the second thing is, is I would take all that money and I would be, I would be investing most of that I, outside of your emergency fund, the six month emergency fund, Jade, I would be investing the rest of that after you pay the house off. 'cause I would rather get eight to 10% versus your four point a half. Absolutely. Yeah. And that's part of, so you had, you had asked or or said like, why is there so much in the money market? So we had a a, a pretty good chunk of money that we came into about two and a half years ago.


I wanna say it was at this point and put it in the market. And then the market continued to decline. I did probably the worst thing ever, which is, you know, put it in and take it back out. Oh, oh, you did? And, and So we had some, we had some other like personal things going on in our life that said, okay, we need to, we need to minimize the risk of any further loss on this. So we pulled it out and threw it in like a CD ladder for about the last year and a half is when I pulled it out. So basically I put it in right when it started going down. Sure. And then, and then I took it out right as it started climbing back up. So, okay. Like worst possible timing for me to make make So did you learn from that though that Well, I, I, I did. I did. Okay. So Yeah, he's too excited about four point a half percent. Yeah. I wouldn't be excited about four point a half percent.


That's not Yeah, I agree. I'm trying to formulate a clear thought here, which is as long as you're moving this money around, it's never gonna work for you as well as it is if you park it in the stock market. I don't care if you park it in an index fund, but just putting it somewhere where it's having a better rate of return. Especially if we're using interest as a basis for this argument. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. If you took, if you took the 200,000 that will be left after you pay off the house and you moved that and got a 10 or 12% rate of return, I mean, then this whole thing is kind of like a moot point. That's What I told exactly what I would do. Steve, pay off the house, get with a smart investor pro in your area, Ramsey Solutions dot com.


Make the connection. The smart investor pros are people you need to sit with if you don't have one and sit with them and interview 'em, get the right fit, right field, the connection, the chemistry deal, and then have them invest that money for you. You're gonna be so much happier. Yeah, because what did we say? We said that you were trying to, you were trying to keep the in, I'm just thinking about the math. You were trying to keep the interest, throw the interest off of this 400,000, what was that, 18,000 a year? Yeah. He was thinking, I'm gonna pay the house off at $18,000 a year. But I'm like, if you get the, if you pay it off today, it's a long time. The difference is really, I mean you would, with the payment back, that's $11,000 a year. So really we're saying keep the house around for six more years for $7,000 is really the argument.


And I'd say no to that. No, It's not. Not a good move.


Hey, I wanna mention something then we gotta get to our question of the day. If you're a business owner, I know we have a lot of people who are starting out, you just could be in the side hustle stage or you've got the business up and running. You need to know about Dave's new book, build a Business you Love. It's where he's unpacking how he took this business where he started on a card table in his living room to now an over $250 million business. It's a proven system. Think of it as the baby steps running a business. And you can pre-order it right now, it's called Build a Business You love. Look at that. I that I like the cover. Oh, he looks sharp, doesn't he? And so that book is now available to pre-order for only 29.99. You'll get over $350 in free bonus items, including the entree Leadership Hiring Playbook, the ebook, and the enhanced audiobook. So you can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're watching on YouTube or podcast, we've got the link for the book. Build A Business You Love by Dave RAMSEY, his latest book. You can get it in the show notes. So go get that.


Alright, let's get to our question of the day, which is brought to you by why refi default. It's pri


Do you have a private, excuse me, a defaulted private student loan and the payments are dragging you down? Y refi could help you save thousands of dollars. Visit y refi.com/ RAMSEY to see how they can help. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


All Right. Today's question comes from Shelby and Idaho. She says, my husband and I have been married for 15 years and have two children. We're on baby steps four, five, and six. Last year he was diagnosed with leukemia and underwent chemotherapy and a bone marrow transplant. My husband's estranged sister was a perfect match, which probably saved his life. Wow. Now she has gotten herself in deep debt trying to flip houses and rent out Airbnbs and has started asking us for money. We've already given her several thousand dollars last month. And we have heard from other relatives that she has started asking them for large amounts as well. My husband feels obligated to give her money because she saved his life. And we now, and we know she'll be asking for more money again soon.


How should we respond? Oof. Well, number one, guilt should never be a reason that we give. Yes. Amen. Amen. We should never give outta guilt. You give out of a cheerful heart. Mm. And that's the number one principle right there. Number two is, if you have the abundance to give out of, you still have boundaries around it. It's not an an unending. Well, that's like, yes. More and more and more and more. Right. You get to decide, okay, if we have the money to help a strange sister, what are our boundaries around that? And it's okay for you to let her know, okay, we're willing to give you X amount of dollars, but this is the last time we're gonna be able to do it, because that's where our boundary is. And after that, you just hold up the boundary.


Yeah, I, Yeah. Let the silence here. I'm gonna give you six words. We can't give more. I'm sorry. That's it. And just let it ride. And you just say, we can't, you have to tell 'em why. Just we can't. Oh, I'm so sorry. We can't. I think that's all you can do here. This thing's gonna be an ugly, ugly mess. This is The Ramsey Show.