
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today From the Ramsey Network.


It's The Ramsey Show. I am your host, Jade Warshaw next to me. One of my favorite guys out there, Ken Coleman. Come On now. Starting off like that, I mean, running it back from yesterday. From being in a good mood. Yeah. Oh, thank you. This is great. Yes, We're taking calls together about your life and your money. I'm gonna hit you up on the money side. And Ken, he's gonna help you with the professional growth Income. Income, Income, income, all of it. Oh, you just want do it. We're just saying income today. All Right. Oh, no, no. It's always the professional grow stuff, but I want people making more money. I know that's right. More money. Let's Go to Daniel. He probably wants to make a little more money too. Daniel in Pensacola, Florida. What's up Daniel? What's going on? How are you guys doing? We're good. How can we help? All Right, so I just got a quick question.


I'm wondering whether or not me and my wife are using the syncing funds almost like a, like debt. I know that sounds funny, but I wanna make sure we're not using this strong. We kind of disagree on this, and I, it doesn't come up often, but when it does, it's this, this whole thing on using the s thinking funds in a way, I, I think is not the correct way. So to give an example, let's say we have a planned fund for Christmas, and just to make it easy, like say a hundred a month, we started in January and we're going to plan on having the 1200 by the end of the year, but something comes up in June or, oh, hey, I wanna buy this thing. And I say, well, let's say before, let's, you know, let's plan ahead for that.


We don't have the money right now. Okay? And the response is, well, no, we have the money. There's $600 in the Christmas fund. Oh, Let's just use the Christmas fund. We'll pay it, and then we'll pay that back before the year's over. I see. And then it just feels like, well, if we do that, then the margins are gonna be lower for the rest of the year. Meaning we can't Yeah. Do, yeah, that's a problem. We want to, so in my mind, I say, Hey, if we go that route, that's okay, but that's a loss. That's a loss. So now we're gonna have less at the end of the year for Christmas rather than paying it all back. That's right. So I wonder if, if it's right or wrong, how, how we go about doing that. So I want to know, yeah, what is the correct answer there? I mean, I could, I could definitely see that being a frustration if Sam and I say, Hey, we're pooling this money and this money is going to be used for a car.


And we do that all year long. And then at the very end, Sam is like, Hey, actually I'd rather use this for X, Y, Z. And if I don't agree with that, then yeah, I feel like, Hey, you're going back on what we agreed on. And that's a problem. I do think it might feel a little differently if both of you agreed, Hey, I know we put this money aside for Christmas, or we put it aside for a car, but both of us agree, something else has come up that's more important, and we both agree that this money should be spent in this way. I don't have a problem with that because it's your money, you get to decide. But it does sound like there's a little bit of an issue on doing what you say you're gonna do.


And with money, there's a big part of that that when you kind of draw a line in the sand and say, here's what I'm going to do standing by that is, is, is a sign of discipline. And in this case, it kind of sounds like that it more is a discipline thing and you guys not being on the same page. So, okay, my, I I guess the question then were, is kind of like we're, does it still, 'cause my logic that I try to explain is, well, we're kind of using our sinking funds like debt. So let's just say we use $300 out of a $600 that's been currently saved up. And, and her logic is, whoa, we'll pay that back in the next couple of months, rather than, it's not debt Rather than saving's. Not debt. It's not debt. But I see how you're viewing it that way, way you feel like you're robbing Peter to pay Paul.


I'm robbing myself later to pay myself now, it feels like. And so I'm like, what? Yeah, that's what I was kind of asking. If it's, If it if Defeating the purpose, it's Not. It's, this is a marriage conversation. That's what this is. I mean, Jade's, right? It'd be one thing if you both are on the same page and decide to do it, but you're giving us a scenario where you're not on the same page and you guys have said, All Right, we're gonna save money. And we're, I feel like we're thinking about this too hard, Daniel. This isn't a sinking fund and a, you can call it that, but this is just called intentional savings. And Christmas comes once a year and it's an expensive month. And So we're saving money so that we aren't tempted to go into credit, right.


And, and do all the things that everybody else in America does. I get it. She doesn't get it. And so you gotta help her get it. And this is a multiple conversation piece potentially where you go, babe, we said we were gonna do this and now you're changing it up on me. And it's not something big that we're in agreement on. It's just something shiny that you want and you're just going like, I want it now. We'll pay for it later. And that's what Congress has done. That's why we're barreling towards $35 trillion in debt. I'm not joking. You're right. You're right. You're right. It's a hundred percent what's going on in Congress. They just pass a spending bill and they go, well, we'll figure it out later. And so I think this is a marriage conversation to say, this is frustrating for me.


Number one, it's confusing for me. Number two, and we need to get on the same page here because Christmas gifts, I think Yeah. Are a priority. I think they are. And I love the idea that they're even thinking ahead and doing that sinking fund. Yeah. Yeah. This, this is a, okay, so Ken and Daniel, when I talk about budgeting, which is really what this is a, a subset of, I talk about budgeting being detailed, realistic, and flexible. The flexible part of it says, Hey, I might have a line item on my budget that says, I don't know, we're gonna spend $200 on entertainment for this month.


Right? And then something comes up that you both deem as important, I don't know, you forgot to plan for grandma's birthday and you both love grandma. So you both decide, Hey, let's pull money out of that entertainment category that we were gonna use to Go to the movies or take the kids to the zoo and let's use that for grandma's birthday party. That's an example of the budget being flexible because yeah, you can look at a line item and say, I thought I was gonna use that money for this, but now we are deciding we are going to use it for this. That is okay. I don't want anybody to think that that's like lightning's gonna hit 'em. But kin, to your point, and to my earlier point, I do believe that when you are dealing with a bigger amount of money that you've both agreed ahead of time is for this, unless you both agree that it's not gonna be used for that, you gotta, you gotta call a truce.


Like nobody gets to spend it until we both agree what it's gonna be spent on. Yeah. Because to your point on flexibility, Christmas isn't flexible. No, it's Coming. It's the same day every year. Yeah. And I just think the way you've teed this up, Daniel, is, is this right? Is this wrong? I mean, we've told you functionally how to use it. What does She wanna spend it on? We didn't ask Daniel, Daniel, Oh, Daniel went for a ride. He's like in a wind tunnel. He went to The drive through. Hello, Are you there? So what did she wanna spend it on was the question from Jade? Oh, so this, it was a little while. So to get rid of, So we wanted to stop the eating out and, and the Starbucks fund, because we didn't, we were in a, a transition period of moving out.


We were living in a camper, didn't have a lot of our stuff. I'm in the Navy and a lot of this stuff got moved to the next state that I'm moving to. So to avoid the Starbucks, like, Hey, let's get a, let's Go to Target, let's get an espresso machine and we can skip the Starbucks and we can get your coffee every morning and we're good to go. But, so this was An attempt to save more money In, in my mindset was let's just save some more money. And then it's like, well, we have a bunch of money in the, in the, in the bank right now waiting since, you know, and for other various sinking funds, not just Chris's other things. And I was like, well that's all been set aside for Those things. Oh, okay. I see, I see. I Would've said, I see my answer would've been, alright, let's take what we've been spending on Starbucks and restaurants and let's put it away for a couple months until we come up with the cost of the whatever the fancy coffee machine.


100%. And honestly, hearing what she wanted to spend it on, if she was like, Hey, I saw this new purse, or Hey, we've, we need, we want a new grill for the patio that feels a lot different than her also looking for ways to save money. And it sounded like this espresso machine was a way for you guys to save a a Little more. It also go get a $50 coffee pot and just let it drip. I know that's right. Let it drip.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And Oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse. They've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. And, and you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly, these are the two options. And term take care of your dad. Gum, family, man Term life insurance can replace income, pay off debts, cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's Exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying, I love you to your family Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call (800) 356-4282. Back to the phone lines. We go.


We got Jen in Calgary, Alberta. What's up Jen? Hi there. We have ourselves in a bit of a pickle and I'd like to hear if you guys have some advice. Yes ma'am. So what has happened is that our in-law, my in-laws have built a granny flat, like a suite attached to our house. And they've been living here for about two years now. And we find that my husband and I are not, it's just not what we imagined it would be. We're not really enjoying the dynamic and just the arrangement anymore. And we don't know how to separate financially and just, it's been a relational to toll, taking a toll on our relationship with my in-laws and yeah, we're really not sure what to do.


The in-laws paid for the suite to be built onto your house. Yes. Ooh. Yes they did. Yep. What, how much money did they sink into that? It was 200,000. Oh my word. That's not a suite. That's like a full blown house they put on there. And how much did it raise the property value from what to what The pro, like maybe a hundred thousand. Oh gosh. So it didn't even break even yet. No. Like, yeah, it didn't, it's, and now it's kind of created this unique house that it doesn't really raise the property value because it's not, It's not normal.


Yeah. Was it licensed? It's not normal. I mean, I don't know what it is in Canada, but you have to get a permit for that in the United States. So did that change any of the titling at all or is it all still in your name? The title and everything is in our name. Our taxes have increased, but that's all that everything is in our name, my husband and i's name. And you've been paying the taxes on the addition? Yes. Yeah. Mm. So they just paid cash for the 200,000? Yep. Yep. What's happened? Give us, without getting into all the nitty gritty, give us a a, a good summary of what is going on relationally, where you guys are like, wow, this is a bad idea.


Well, things financially get a little bit twisted. Like my husband and I, we don't make a lot of money and so we're building up, it's an acreage property and so it takes a long time for us to build it up and restore it and make it look nice, but they want it to like look nice, so they want to invest more and more money into the property to like make it look good and like buy a tractor and stuff. And we just don't feel comfortable allowing them to keep pouring money into it. Yeah. And we don't have the money to like split things half and half. How Much have they done aside from the 200 K? How much other money have they invested doing the things you're talking about? They haven't because we just keep putting the brakes on with like landscaping and stuff, so.


Oh, so they're suggesting all of this and you keep going, eh, not right now. Yeah. Yeah. Or has your husband had a conversation with his dad and his mom to go, Hey, this isn't working relationally? Yes. And we've had like, another issue was just the boundaries. Like they're literally attached to our house. So like our boundaries, like people would come into the house multiple times a day and it just felt like there wasn't really a boundary of like, our life and their life. Well, sure. But I'm, again, lemme go back to the conversation. What came out of the conversation, hopefully it was confrontational. It doesn't have to be ugly, but Right. Hopefully your husband confronted this.


What was their reaction? Where do we stand today? Like, we have asked, we have told them that we're not happy with that dynamic and we've asked them to like, because they do have a different, they don't live here a hundred percent of the time. They have an apartment in like a different city by some other family members. So then we've like, ask them to not come as much. And so that, yeah. How did they react? I still can't, that I can't get a direct answer from you. How did they react? What did they say? They were very hurt and they were very confused. Okay. They felt like they didn't understand. Okay. Why? 'cause it was like our idea in the first place of Might them look closer.


Yeah. So then they feel like, like they're so confused. And Had you lived with them before, like had you lived with them in some capacity before the bright idea came to do this whole flat and add on to the house or that was just like, Hey, we like you guys when we go out to dinner, let's live together. And did it go from zero to 100 like that? Well, there, there had been some instances like over the summer, like we would, we had spent like a couple of months in their house and unfortunately, like I, it, it always, yeah, it would kind of got to the point where we were like, okay, it's time to go home. Like, Yeah. Was this your idea or your husband's idea?


I'd say it was more my idea because I lived, my grandparents lived beside us and as a kid I loved it. Okay. Sure. All Right. Another question. 'cause we gotta try to help you here and I still don't know. Okay. We know they were hurt and confused. Where does it stand today? Was there any kind of conclusion or tactical conversation about what's next? Yeah. After you've hurt them and confused them. Where do we stand today? Yeah, what's your idea for them to fix this? What's the idea? Well, we did talk about physically moving the building and they could like, put it on a different lot. And so detaching It from your house and them putting it on their own lot.


Whew. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Are they, are they open? Are they open to this? Well, they kind of, but it's, they feel like it's gonna cost way more money and then they're gonna have to like build a foundation and buy a lot and it's just gonna be more money. Money. So what was, so what was their response from a solution? Or is there no conversation on, on an idea or two? I heard your idea. What was their idea? Yeah. Did they say, sorry, you're stuck with this. Well, not really. Like I feel like we're still trying to keep having conversations. They didn't, yeah, they didn't like the moving idea because it was gonna be a lot of work and they feel like they don't Okay.


Want to deal with that. So tell me, tell me this And then we're just at a standstill. Tell me this, when you bought that, how long did you live in the house before you added your parents? Before the parents added their deal to it? Maybe two years. So two years. Let's, let's, let's look at this math like as mathematically as possible. So two years, if you can remember back. How much equity did you have in the house at the two year point? Do you remember? Well, it was like a bank repossession. And so we've been fixing it up Just direct. Try, try to direct answer it. Maybe like 50,000. Maybe 50,000. So let's pretend that that 50,000 was yours before they were ever part of this.


So that 50,000 is yours now? Oh, sorry. If I'd, I'd say more than 50 then with the like land and stuff. Sorry. Okay. What would you say then? I would Say, I would say like when two years ago the property would've been worth 200,000 Worth that. But what would your equity be in it? I don't know what you purchased it for. Well, well we purchased it for 80. Okay. And we're all, we have it all paid off. So what I'm asking is what profit, if you had sold the house two years ago, in the first two years, what profit would you have taken home? 'cause I'm trying to divide this up so that you guys can talk about this in a fair way, Right? Yeah. So that's your homework.


Your homework would be to go back and say at the two year point before you guys ever got involved, here's, here's what we, here's the equity we had in the property. Let's pretend it's 50,000 just for the sake of this idea. Then parents get involved, they spend 200,000, they do the thing. And now you've been living like this for a given amount of time and that given amount of time, how much then has the property appreciated further? Let's say it's appreciated another a hundred thousand dollars, right? So now it's like, hey, there's a hundred thousand dollars of appreciation that really has to be split. If we get rid of this property, that's really what has to be split between the two of us. And the parents are gonna have to realize they made a bad investment.


And that has, that has zero to do with you guys. They just made a bad investment. They put too much into the property because the, the market is not giving it back. And so that's not on you, that's on the market and that's on their choice. So then can I, I gotta jump in. Tell me, okay, I love the math thing and I think that's the homework. I'm gonna jump in and say this is a continuation of some very uncomfortable conversations to which you and your husband have to own the fact that you and invited them in here. And did they spend too much on the addition? In my opinion, yes. I think Jade's right, but you blindsided him and, and so Yeah, yeah, you did. I think you guys are gonna have to solve this relationally over time or you're gonna have to make the tough decision, sell the house.


You're both gonna take the hit Financially split and walk away. Yep. That's the either or. And I wanted to just give you that what I think are your practical choices. Ken is right, you're gonna sell this house that a hundred thousand dollars, you're gonna end up splitting down the middle, you're gonna lose out and they're gonna lose out. This was a bad choice.


As moms, we have enough stuff that we're juggling without pacing through a huge grocery store for hours and paying premiums for name brands. That's why you need to try Aldi. Aldi makes shopping for groceries more affordable, saving your family nearly $4,000 a year and way easier. They take the guesswork out of shopping with better choices like their exclusive Aldi brands. So you can save money and time and focus on what really matters. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at Aldi us that's a ldi us.


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering where the heck is my money going? The first step is you need to get on a budget. Okay, so our team is hosting a free budgeting training this month, otherwise known as a webinar. And you'll learn step by step tricks on how to stick to the budget and honestly how to use EveryDollar, which is really the only budgeting app I use, is the best budgeting app out there. You'll get to have your biggest budgeting questions answered because it is a q and a format, which is great. You can go on there and ask exactly what you've been burning to know. Just remember spots are limited. You can sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. These are great. If you haven't got into one, you need to get into one.


All Right, back to the phone lines. We got Mark in Indianapolis, Indiana. Mark, what's going on? Hello. How are you doing? Doing Good. How can we help? So I have racked up a little bit of debt since I've been 18. I'm currently in about $26,000 worth of debt. My income's at 52,000, we're possibly, and my girlfriend of about seven years are possibly considering a baby in the next year. Although she has a car loan on top of all my debt that has about $14,000 on it. I'm just looking for the best advice on how to take, take all this.


Well, I'm gonna jump in real quick on the baby issue. I would not be green lighting a baby. Mm. While we're in debt and, and it seems like there's a lot up in the air with you two. So that's the first thing that I heard. That to me is a red flag. Okay. You thinking of getting married before you have the baby or just in the current situation having a baby. We were thinking just the current situation, although marriage, that would be one thing. We've been together for a while, we've talked about it. Listen, I like the idea of getting married before you have a baby. That's, you didn't ask me my opinion on that, but there it's his Let's, is it her idea or your idea Is this one of those, Hey Mark, I'd like to have a baby. And you're like, oh, okay.


Or were you the one that brought it up or was this equal excitement? She brought it up, but I will say it is more of a equal excitement thing. What are you waiting on? I what are you waiting on? Why haven't you asked this girl to marry you? I, we've, we've had our issues in the past. Well, we worked, we worked it out. So we, we we How long you been with this girl? The last, He's seven years. About seven years. Okay. I didn't pick up on that, Man. It's time dude. Put a, you got a put a ring on it, man. Get some grits or get out the south. That's what they say. You gotta, I've never heard that and that became my newest favorite phrase. Get some grits or get out of the south.


Yeah man. It's the same as like paint or get off the ladder Love. How have I not heard that before? I think I, you know, if she's talking about a baby she's got for, you know, forever in mind, you know, I hope so. And that's a good indicator, you know, that, that she does. And she's probably thinking that if you say yes, you probably have forever in mind too. And if you have forever in mind, you may as well put a ring on it. You need to get serious though, man, and get outta debt. Like this is priority number one is clear all that junk. And by the way, that's not an insurmountable number for you. Okay? Do you agree?


Yeah, no, I, I definitely agree. I just finished, I li I actually, I listened to the total money makeover earlier this morning at work actually. Good. I was able to, Okay, so then, you know the first step here, I mean, you, you mentioned the, the 26,000 of debt, the 52,000 of income. Do you have any money saved anywhere? No. That's the thing, I don't have any money saved. I was looking to start the baby step one. Good to save the thousand dollars, although I got an email today from one of, from Chrysler Capital wanting me to call them. So I did. And they're offering me a payout for one of my, for an old auto loan that I have.


Yeah. What, tell us more about that. What's, what's the loan for and what are they offering The loan for that that is, it is owed about $13,000 left on it. And what are they offering? And they're offering a 500, $600 payout, but it has to be paid by the 30th of this month. $500 total? Yeah. $560 total For your $13,000 car for your car that you owe 13,000 on. Yeah. Was like a trade-in value? I was, No, the, the car was worth almost 10,000, but the engine went bad so I told 'em to just take it back.


This was a couple years ago now. Okay, so they've taken possession of the car. Yes. And you've got something in writing that says if you give them $500 before the end of this month is over, they're gonna wipe that debt clean. I actually asked them to mail me a piece of paper stating that before I gave them any money because I didn't wanna send them money then Not be true that I, and that's what I wanna make sure of is that you have it in writing, but I would tell you young man, you can go make $500 between now and the end of May and I would absolutely take that debt. 100% deal. I mean that would be a massive deal. So go make the money. Yeah. Clear that debt. Get it in writing. Yeah. Yeah. I, I put a, I made out a budget and I can, with this budget, I can pay it on the 22nd.


Good. So yeah, do that then we're still working on baby step one. And honestly when people do baby step one, it's not just kind of waiting on the income to come. This is you getting down and dirty, you're getting into your house and you're selling stuff and you're picking up a side hustle. Most people get their baby step one in 30 days or less. So the clock is taking on that. That's really a, a, a challenge so to speak in order to get that done. And then once you've cleared this car situation out for a lot less money, you know, 500 bucks, you can't beat that then Yeah, it's working. That debt snowball and you read it in the book, it's listing 'em from smallest to largest after that car situation is cleaned up. What's your next smallest debt? My next smallest debt would be my CDL school that I just, I just got What's that amount?


If I can pay it off in six months, they say $6,000. If not, it'll be two 50 a month until it's at like $10,000. Okay, well what do you make a month now af What do you take home every month? About 3000. Okay. And of that, have you done your EveryDollar budget? No, not yet. Okay. So that's your homework today. You get off the phone, Christian will pick up, make sure you get the EveryDollar budget. I want you to plug that, those numbers in, plug in your income, plug in everything that you think that you're gonna spend money on this month and I mean, and then look for ways to cut back if you realize, hey, I've got a couple subscription subscriptions in there, or hey, looks like I do, you know, stop by seven 11 and pick up snacks.


I want you to cut that stuff back. And once you cut that stuff back, now we see how much margin you have and when you see that margin, that's gonna inform how quickly you can pay back the CDL. 'cause Yeah, I don't want you, I don't want it to take any more than six months, but you having a clear plan, Ken Coleman says it all the time. You aim at nothing, you fail every time. Did I say it right? That's Exactly right. And so let's give you something very clear to aim at. You know, you've gotta pay this thing off in six months. What does it take to make that happen? And how can you make that happen faster? So doing a budget is gonna get you, you know, help you to see what that actually is. Does that make sense? Yeah. Alright. Well I think you've got a plan of action, my friend, But happen to this.


Yeah, He's gotta happen to it. Like, I I, I want to hear a little more gumption out of you because you, you got a, a woman who you've been with for seven years and she's tar, she's talking babies and she's got debt and you've got debt. It's not in any way something you guys can't take care of. But this is the moment here where you gotta step up and be a man. Facts. And I'm gonna define what a man is in a non-politically correct way. A a man, a man understands his duty, okay? And he accepts the duty, whether or not he likes it or not, that's fucked. And you gotta take care of your own debt and you've got to model this for this gal so that if you guys spend life together beyond the seven years, and I hope you get married, but I'm not gonna push that on anybody.


That's right. By the way, while I'm preaching, the data is clear and you guys can go Google this. Everybody likes to talk about fact checking in this political environment today. Fact, check me on this, This fact check. Okay? The data shows that you are healthier emotionally, mentally, physically when married and you have the opportunity to make more money when married. So this my opinion, you build wealth faster opinion. Yeah. So there's lots of data. I'm going high level here because I don't wanna sound like the old guy saying get off my lawn. I'll add more data to That. I think he needs to step up right now More data to that. You're right. Not only do they earn more, they build wealth faster and the data says that they are happier, no question. Like when they do the measure markers of what happiness means, people who are married and share their finances are happier.


So there you have it. By The way, I looked up the cost of a Slurpee, 'cause you just made me think about it when you said 7 11, 7 11, back in the day, I could get a large Slurpee for 99 cents. Now a large is $2 and 50 cents. Ooh. For all that sugary frozenness. Alright, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are nonprofit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union.


So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love it. The things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user friendly, like the step by step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says fair wins on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So Go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY. Fairwinds Is federally insured by NCU A.


Okay, So we talk about a thing called the baby steps here a lot. The baby steps is the plan that we find helps people get to financial peace and wealth building and really the, the best, fastest, most peaceful way. So if you hear us talk about the seven baby steps, that's what we're talking about. And if you're wondering, Hey, am I in the baby steps? If I am on the baby steps, where am I in these seven steps? You can take a quiz to check your progress and not just that, but we'll give you a personalized plan that's just for you. So if you wanna do that, if you're interested, you can simply head into the show notes and you can click on the link that's titled Are You On Track With the Baby Steps? And you can complete that quiz if you are interested.


Alright, saying Lu, let's Go to Eric in Los Angeles, California. What's up Eric? Hello guys. Can you guys hear me? Yeah, We can. What's up? Yeah, so I'm in a bit of a predicament. So essentially I'm looking to see if whether I should get married sooner than later than I thought. Ooh, I like these. My Ken loves these Questions, I love these questions. Okay, you gotta give us the case. You gotta lay this out for us. Yeah. 'cause you're getting a great female point of view and maybe a decent male point of view. We'll see. Give us the reasons why you would get married sooner rather than later.


Give us sooner. First Sooner because Okay, so sooner is kind of like an unfortunate thing. So me and my, well I'm engaged already. So me and my fiance are kind of in a predicament where she's in the process of transferring schools from community college to a four year university. And she's applied to various safety schools and like a target school, which is like one of her dream schools. And we're waiting, we've heard back from safety schools that she can get into, but the dream school she's still waiting on. And our issue is she lives in a home where her father is very against school. Like he has a very traditional mindset where, and he's essentially telling her as and has threatened her that if she doesn't Go to her target school or if she doesn't get in, she can't Go to school anymore.


That's interesting. Okay. Okay. How old is she? We're both 21. And He's paying for school. He's the, he's the money bags. No, she's, she's been doing it all on herself. Okay. Well he has no say in that. That's easy. Literally he has no say. I'm not sure I get the reason for the threat, but that doesn't make us have to move up the wedding date yet. I haven't heard any evidence for that. So that's one reason. Right. That's the primary reason to move it up. Alright. What was the actual date of the wedding that we were planning on before this phone call? Well, the, the date we were still on, like figuring it out because, well, I finished school in this, not this May, but next year May.


And so she'll have a little more time to finish school like a year later. So around that time. So may of, so so summer of next year is what you were initially planning for summer 2026 Or, or summer of next year or the end of, Is this grad school for her? If she's already in school? I'm trying to catch up here. Is she, is this about a grad school situation? Undergrad. Oh, she's never gone undergrad. She's 21. But she's never gone to college? No, no. She's, she's in community college right now. She's Got it. Okay. So we're talking about That's right, you did say that. Moving from community college to college. Okay. And so if you stick with the date that you guys have, the pros of that are very obvious, you just laid them out.


What are the cons to moving up the wedding? Because I, I'm assuming you think the pro is get her out of the house with dad and she doesn't feel that threat is deeply blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I get that. But what would be the cons, the negatives to moving the wedding up? So I have debt about, since I took a upon at university and since I'll be like, it'll be my last year in school. I don't know if I'll be able to like provide for like, like an apartment and, you know. Got you. Because you're both living at home now.


Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I get it. That's very real. I get it. I, unless I'm missing something, Jade. No. And Eric, your your wife to me is gonna have to put her big girl pants on and tell dad you don't get to make that decision number one. And if it gets so uncomfortable that she's doesn't feel, and I would understand this too, not being in the house with him. She's gotta come up with some arrangements, but we don't want to rush everything and put you guys in a desperate situation in order to avoid an uncomfortable situation. That's how I'm seeing this. And it's all her. And I understand why it's uncomfortable and I feel bad for her, but she needs to fix that.


She either says Dad, go pound sand in a very respectful way and then he gets over it. Or if it's gonna be so uncomfortable, then she goes and lives with a girlfriend or two or three and we wait and clear up our debt. We make the transition to education and all that. I just think, Jade, that I, I'm gonna say, I already said it. I think it is a bad idea to put yourself in a desperate situation. You're right. To avoid an uncomfortable Situation. You're so, so right. And I think that there's a level of drama and how we're speaking about this, which I think can add to the pandemonium, so to speak. So you, y'all were using the word threat.


Like it's a very, he's threatening and he's, and I'm like, when I hear the word threat, I'm, my mind goes to, is somebody in danger? Is something gonna happen when really it's, Well I need to get below this desk. Is that what needs to happen? Yeah. When really it's just, you know, a middle aged man saying, here's what I want you to do. Right. Is is it just that, That's a good point. Well, I mean, okay, so I, I forgot to mention, so they have a business, a family business. Okay. And he wants to her like, like let's say she doesn't get into the school that she wants to. He is like, he wants her to just pack, pack up her bags and go work for him for the rest of life. 'cause right now she, she puts in like easily like over a hundred hours working there.


What kind of Business? Yeah, yeah. That's what's going On. He just has a plan for her life. And that's not Her plan's a percent. Na you nailed that. Has she told him that she doesn't wanna work for him into any, under any certain circumstances? Yeah, and he, well, last time he mentioned it to her, like he didn't talk to her for days. Wow. Well, but that's his problem. Truly. It doesn't change my advice. Let me tell you, let me give you a, I'm, I try to give real time in real examples from real life. So when I was in school, I was dating a guy and you know, my dad, he didn't dislike the guy, but at the same time he didn't like how much time I was spending with the guy. But I'm like, I'm in college, I'm grown.


And so during summer break was really when it kind of started creating some tension. So do you wanna know what I did? I moved out and I, I I I great rented. This is bad. I mean, it's not great, but my friend had an apartment, it didn't have an extra room. So I said, how much would it cost me if I brought my futon here? And I just slept in the living room on the futon and it cost me like 300 bucks a month. I mean, this was back in the day. I Don't mind that. I Don't mind that. And I did that until it was time to get married. Good for You. I think that's great. That's exactly the advice that I'm giving. I a hundred percent love that example. Yeah. You were like, All Right pops, if you're gonna have a problem with the dude, I'm gonna remove myself.


And It's not even that he had a problem. 'cause I'm married to Sam now. It's not even that how he has had a problem with Sam. Yeah. Oh, I mean, I just was framing it up in the way he Had a problem. I I was just spending a lot of time with Sam. He was just having a daddy problem. And dad was having, like, He was having his own issue, His own issue. It's not your issue, It's not my, you know, my, I was flying the coop, you know what I mean? That That's what's going on here, by the way. Exactly. Dad, you said it has a plan for her life. Yeah. And she has to remind him that the last two words in that sentence are her and life. Yes. And that's tough. And by the way, you have to stay outta that. Eric's got handle that. But I would not rush the wedding. Please don't rush the wedding. You yourself said, I can't afford Yes. To do what we need to do.


And boy oh boy, I'm gonna say this, Jade weigh in on this, the first year of marriage, in my opinion, okay, is the hardest year of marriage. Wild, Wild west. Because you get into it going, oh, this is great. We come off the honeymoon and we've been in love. And then you got two individual people coming from two different environments. Yes. And you're smashing 'em together like a smash burger, bro. And it's tough. And I don't, I would not want any first year couple to have any financial stress if they could keep from it. I think that that is admirable. Yes. 100%. If you can avoid it, do it. Don't add to it. And a, a word for the dads, you know, dads, they love their daughters and sometimes they don't know how to show it in the most sensitive ways.


And sometimes they result to control a little bit. Hold on. Ouch. Ouch. I'm just saying. And they don't, Those are my toes being stepped On. They don't mean any harm. They just don't know how to say, you're right. I'm sad that I'm losing you. And they start holding on too Tight. We don't do well being, we love being a girl dad, but we don't know how to handle it. Yeah, it's tough man. It's hard. I don't envy you Ken home my Princess man. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, when you're gazelle intense, you sell so much stuff, the kids think they're next. But when you've gotten rid of all, you can save money by switching your cell phone plan to Boost Mobile, it's just $25 a month for unlimited talk text and data Forever. Boost is a major nationwide network that offers reliable 5G service. And here's my favorite part, transparent pricing. There's no hidden fees, no contracts, and there's a 30 day money back guarantee, which means no risk. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY to switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY.


You are listening to the Ramsey Network and this is The Ramsey Show where we take calls about your life and your money. If you didn't know, we take these calls live and if you want to get on the show, you can call Triple eight eight two five five two two five and we'll get you on. I'm your host today, Jade Warshaw. Your other host for the day is Ken Coleman. And if you don't know Ken Coleman and I, we keep it real. We have a good time together. So let's take it straight to the phone lines, Ken, where we have Jay in Atlanta, Georgia. What's up Jay? So my wife and I are debt free other than our home and yay. Recently my grandmother passed and left us a small inheritance. This is about after taxes is roughly $70,000.


Hmm. Her, her wish, her wishes were that she wanted to leave her legacy with it going towards our children's education. Okay. I have a sixth grader and a third grader. We've been funding their college funds since the beginning. My sixth grader has roughly $75,000 in his, my third grader. She has roughly 60,000 in hers. Wow. Wow. Good job. And the question is though, would we be better off, I mean, I wanna honor my grandmother's wishes, but would we be better off paying down her house? That's the last debt we have. That's kind of where we're at in the baby steps, trying to get the house paid off. Yeah. So did your grandmother, she clearly didn't know that you had co college covered when she said this in the will is the guess, right?


Well, I don't know if I have college covered. I guess that's my, the secondary question. Like when is it enough? You know, like when do you have enough in the college funds, we're continuing to contribute to their college fund every month as part of our budget. But have You played it out to see what it will be when they reach 18? Yeah. Yeah. I can't remember exactly what it was, but just, I mean, on the rough numbers right now, right? If it doubles every seven years, it's 150 and you know, probably 150 for each of 'em. Maybe potentially more, I think because we'll continue con to contribute. But I, so if that's enough, then if we're already, if we're already in the, and then again, I know education costs could change. I get all the, the other, well there's Charts out there, there's charts out there where you can play it out and see.


So let's, let's put some real meat on this skeleton. So let's pretend you said you're in Georgia, so let's pretend that they Go to a state school, which is what we would recommend here going to an in-state school, assuming you still live in the state of Georgia. And so now it's like, okay, they're in sixth and third grade, right? It's hard to know who they're gonna be coming up. But let's just conservatively say, even if they chose like the most popular state school in Georgia, what would that, what does it cost today? And let's use a chart to find out what it would cost in the next six years, you know, to find out what this is or the next 10 years to find out what this is gonna be. Right?


And so that's how you would play that out. And then you go back and look at the account and find out would there be enough. So that's the game that I would play when I get off this phone. I, I have a fun curve ball. What's that? Can I jump? Is it okay? Are you, what if they don't Go to college at All, are you? No. Oh. What is the amount total that you're putting away each month for both kids? It's, we're splitting it $500 a month is what we're doing. $500 a month split split between the two of them is what? Okay. In our budget. So, So we got, so how many more years for your oldest child would we be contributing? How old again? He's In, he's in sixth grade. So six more years for him. And then it'd be nine more years for my, for my daughter.


Okay. So we're talking, what I would do is, I, I'm, I'm trying to back into this and I'm not a mathematician, but basically you're doing $6,000 a year is what you're putting away for both kids, correct? Yes. So you've got how many years left? So six more years for your son? Correct. So That's okay. And then the third grader, what? Nine? Nine years? 10 years. Nine. But I'm splitting that between the, the 500 is split between the two of 'em. I know. Okay. But here's my point. If it were me now I'm just throwing a curve ball out here. Hit it. I do not mind either one of you pushing back on this. I would take the 70,000 'cause it's really darn close to what you're gonna contribute over. The, the, the difference is not that much as to what they're gonna contribute at this current rate, if I'm not mistaken.


So I would take the 70,000 from grandma and I would use that. I would go ahead and put that in each one of the kids' funds and then I would start using the money you've been putting in outta your budget. And I would just start, start moving down the baby steps from there. That's what I would do. 'cause I think it's gonna come out A month extra to the house. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause I think, I think then, then you're honoring grandma's request and you're creating, it's still ca it's still cashflow. It's still the same. I mean it's 6 0 1 half dozen another but you're honoring grandma. Yeah. By taking that It's 60,060. But go Ahead and put it in now. So go ahead and put the 70 in now. Yeah. And you're gonna get the greater investment return on that.


You see what I'm saying? Yeah. I think It's a chunk. And then from day one, let's say you put the 70 in now, then you guys start taking that 500 a month and you start using it towards paying off the house. That's what I would do. And that way I'm honoring grandmother. I'm getting the benefit of that investment by getting that 70 in now and early as opposed to 6,000. 6,000. 6,000. Yeah, you're right. Make sense? That's what I would do. I'm not opposed to That. It makes sense. It makes sense to my question. And is, you know, you're afraid you're gonna leave yourself short. Is it enough still? I guess, I guess that goes back to the calculator question. It Does, but I would also say I'm, I'm, I'm channeling Dave right now, Dave RAMSEY. When he'd go, what do you have is going to be enough. Yeah. Because you set the budget my friend, and what you have is The budget and the kids go, this is what we have.


And so if each of 'em have 150, I feel pretty confident they're gonna be able to get educated. Yes. Okay. Thank you very much. Yeah, That's a good Question. But they don't have an unlimited number. They don't go, well dad, I want to Go to Harvard and it's 80 grand a year. You can go tough cookies Or you tell them to figure out where, where is it coming from? Right. So which, Well, the hope is if they went to grad school, then there'd be enough, you know, to carry on to a, you know, in a graduate degree afterwards or something if you, well if you could continue to fund it more. Okay. Then again, you can choose to keep doing the 6,000 Yeah, you can per year. And then you're doing both. You're doing, you're doing both what, what grandma said and you're adding extra to it. But it does lead into another question, Jay and Ken, that I think is worth talking about, which is when it comes to school, college, grad, school, higher ed, whatever, you know, going to get training.


I think the biggest piece of this responsibility is not financial. I think the biggest piece is that communicative part of it where we're saying, here's the expectation. Yep. Here's what mom and dad are gonna do, but here's what child what you do. And we're having that conversation early and we're having it often. So Yeah, they're not gonna wake up one day at 16 or 17 scrambling trying to figure out or learning, Hey, I have a college fund. Right. Yeah. It's, we're talking about this probably from the time you hit freshman year of, hey yeah, college is coming in four years. Your mother and I are saving, we don't know what school you're gonna end up with, but just know if there's a deficit, you're gonna be on the line for it. That's right. And even if there's not, you're applying for scholarships.


Yeah. I expect you know, depending, there's gonna be some work aspects on your end. And so really clearly setting that guideline, yeah, I think is the most important part. I think so. And so just a quick review here, I would, I'd put the 35 in each kid's account today. 35 here. 35 there. Yes. And I'd talk with the, the smart, your smart ster pro, the, the person you're using and go, let's play this out. Let's do our best calculator guess or amortize this, whatever you wanna call it. And now we can look back and go, okay, based on this new 35 and 35 in each kid's account, what's that gonna end up being? And I believe it's gonna take one of the kids to one 20 and I think the other one 90 something or somewhere in that range.


So I mean, it's $72,000 for the 10 year spread, for the 6-year-old and the 9-year-old if they keep putting in what they've been putting in. Yeah. So you got options. But I would honor grandma's request. I wouldn't take her money and put it towards the mortgage. Agree. I'd feel gross about that. I agree. Especially it would be one thing if you already fully had education covered. Yeah. But with your, what you've said you want to pay, you don't have it covered. So I would put it towards, I agree with Ken. Let's Get that mass sum in there right now. Let that start building. I know that's right. And yeah, you're right Ken. Yes. Wow. Somebody write it down. Ken is right. I need call my wife and daughter, call immediately and tell them, hang on, I'll be wrong later.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order? Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And That's why we recommend delete me. They help with that. Yeah, They do delete me. Actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites. And it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammer to find so Much. But Deleteme Will delete your data, hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean, it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. Get this, so far, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just Go to join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY. That comes out to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's joins. Let me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money. That's why you have to start telling your money where to go. So you can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to it is with the EveryDollar budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses. Download EveryDollar in the App store or Google Play today.


All Right. Today's question of the day is brought to you by Y Refi. If you've got defaulted private student loans and no one else will work with you, then try re Why refi? They help you explore refinancing options with a low fixed rate and a payment plan based on your ability to pay. So Go to YRefy dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter Y-R-F-R-E-F-Y. Let me say that again. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states. All Right. Today's question, Jade comes from Declan in West Virginia.


I'd like to say that I think Declan's a cool name and I kind of would like to say Declan. Declan Coleman. It's very strong. I think I could pull that off. Yeah, that's, that's Good. You, no, I think not sure. No, you can't pull it off. Sorry. Kelly agrees. Kelly's like not happening. No, no. Like I think you're right. That's why I said it. I I knew it was gonna be funny and I want to admit that I don't mind being the butt of a good joke. Oh yeah. And I don't think I could pull that one off. No, but back to Declan's question. I see so much on social media these days regarding how well everyone is doing. And I wonder if I'm doing okay. Oh, oh, I pay 1100 a month for rent.


I have $900 in monthly expenses, including student loan, personal loan, cell phone, gym membership, and utilities. I don't spend much on food, no joke. Maybe about $750 a month. I rarely buy anything for myself after taxes. I bring home $2,500 every two weeks. So he is got 5,000 a month. He's, he's bringing home, why do I feel so behind? Well, I think the first and the biggest reason is because you're spending too much time focusing on other people's big wins. Boom. And so when I'm watching everybody else show off their car, their house, their shoes, whatever, whatever.


As you describe, then I know from science, and we know this from neuroscience, that whatever we focus on, that's all we see, Man. Yeah. And so all you see is everybody else is crushing it. And I'm over here in West Virginia just trying to make it through a month. And I think that's why you feel behind in the grand scheme of things. I don't think you're terribly behind. I don't either. And sounds like you're young. And my partner here in crime, Jade, there's another reason why he feels like he's not getting ahead too. Well, I, you can see it in the question. You can let, let me, before I do though, I, this popped in my mind and I'm just gonna say it. You know, there's the scripture that I I think of where it's like, Hey, you were running a good race.


Yeah. Like, what stopped you from, you know, going forward. And it talks about giving careful thought to the path of your feet. And it's so easy with money, you're running your race and it's easy to look over into somebody else's lane and be like, Ooh, what are they doing? Right. And it's distracting. And you're supposed to look at your path and your feet and not get distracted. Yeah. So I just wanna remind you that your race is your race to run. Somebody's gonna be making 10,000, somebody's gonna be making five, somebody's gonna be making 40,000 a month. Right. But your race is your race. And there's no shame in that game. You're not racing them. You're trying to get your best time. Yeah. Good. And it's you against, against you. So just reminding of that. Now, he says, I don't spend much on food.


Maybe 750 a month. I rarely buy anything for myself after taxes. I bring in 2,500 every two weeks. You know, I, I think that he's, if if you feel that you want to increase your income, that is your prerogative. And if you feel that that is what's hindering you from going faster, you would be correct in in that assumption. Yeah. And I think that there's room for you to improve on that, but not because of what other people are doing. That's right. Because of what it is that you wanna do. Well, We can't see in this question is what are his monthly payments? We do know there's debt. Yeah. We don't Know. And so if you were to take those monthly payments, and I could take a guess, just looking at that situation.


Yeah. He may have somewhere between three and $500 a month. Might be more with a car payment. Does he have a car payment? Yeah. Student. He a student loan, personal loan cell phone. He doesn't mention a car. Okay, Good. So my guess is you could give yourself anywhere from a three to $5,000 raise. Not knowing the actual specifics here that combined with, I wanna bust it to work. But again, Jade makes the best point here. What's the life that you want? What's the future life you want? Not the life that everybody else has. He Also doesn't say how old he is. Yeah. Which, that's true. I think There's Another piece of that. I, oh, oh, I've gotta point this out. And this is gonna sound so old man Kelly, our young millennial or Gen Z producer. Well, dang, I feel like crushed chopped meat over here, Ken.


Oh, no, no, no. But listen, so, so here's what I saw something, I saw this recently. She's the young one. I saw that these influencers that are showing all this stuff where they're traveling around the world and they're staying at these nice hotels, it's all a ruse, bro. There's four or five of them splitting the cost and then they shoot their video. Yes. I didn't know this. It's never real. What you see on social media is so not real. Yeah. So with that, really, you never know What's behind the scenes. That Really burned my biscuits, I'll be honest, because I was like, they're lying to a bunch of young people and they're all splitting the cost. Yeah. And none of 'em own anything. And they can't afford to stay in the hotel. I don't know. Or drive the car.


And they're like, they're like renting a private plane and like six of 'em are shooting videos. So I, I'm just pointing this out. Like the stuff you see on TikTok and Instagram, I, I hate to be a conspiracy theorist. Where's Rachel Cruz when you need her? I, I think it's, I think I, I wouldn't believe anything I see out there, Ken, you don't even need to Go to extremes. Like you're talking, I mean, you're talking about like nice resorts and private planes. I just see families at Disney and I'm like, how? How God, how? Oh, Well credit cards. Yes. Oh yeah. And so that's my point is Yeah, you 100% cannot compare yourself. Now let's have this quick conversation, Ken, because I think it's worth having. Okay, great. I was talking, I was talking to a guy about this this morning.


Let's talk about comparison with money. Okay. 'cause I think there's two types of comparison. One is good and one is bad. One is comparison for inspiration and for ideas. Yeah. You're looking at other people and going, oh, they're doing something that I'd like to do. That'd be a debt free, debt-free scream. For an example on the show, you'll watch the debt-free screams. 'cause you go that I want to be where they are. Yes. I look at Beyonce, I go, she's my same age and she's amazing. I want to be fabulous too. You are fabulous. You know what I'm saying? Like, but that's what I'm saying. You're looking for inspiration. You're looking, it's not making you feel bad or less. And it's making you I see. Feel great. Yes, of course. You, anything's possible. Then there's the comparison. That's the bad side. That's, Hey, everybody's doing this.


Why can't I, am I bad compared to this? Is this better and I'm not meeting the bar. And so really knowing how to shift that from the negative comparison to the positive comparison. And I think, Ken, the way that you shift that is by asking the right questions. And now I'm going into your lane. 'cause you're the question asker. Thank you. But when you're looking at what other people are doing and you're just internalizing it, that's A really good point. Saying, oh, how did they get that right? Should I be doing that? No. Take it outside and go, Hey, you know, well Here you Go to, how did you make that business plan? Do I wanna be financially in 30 years? Let's start there. Yes. What do I want to bless my family with financially? If yes, where do I want to live?


Yes. All the things. You start asking those questions, that becomes very personal to your point. Yes. And now this young man, Declan with the cool name goes, All Right, this is the vision for my life and I'm going to have to do this, this, this, and this. That You can ask those people. That's exactly right. Can ask the pe the people that you see doing the thing. If you have proximity to them, there's nothing that's stopping you from saying, Hey, you know, that job you had, did that require, what education did that require? Right. You know, I I I see that you're, you know, winning in this way. Are you using someone to help you with your investments? Who do you use? No ask questions because then you're being curious. You're not being, you know, you're not being, having a bad comparison.


Right. But want it. And, and I think you're making a really good point. You've gotta want it for you and for good reasons. Not just because you go, well, it sure would be nice to have a private jet. Right. Or whatever you're seeing on social. Exactly. And, and you make a very good point. I went kind of the influencer route and what we see, but just everyday people are out there putting their best foot forward. And what you don't know is, is they're dragging along a $1,200 car payment behind that new nice car. I, and I mean, look, you and I parked next to each other in a parking lot. I think people would be astounded to know what we drive our, our cars. We drive nice cars. They're Just old. They're well, they're older. Older, yes. But they're nice. I think so. And we pay cash. You know why?


Because I'm, I'm, I, I got, I got three kids on the payroll. I know that's right. And I got 'em coming up. They're coming up the party. You're, You're just getting ready. Your expenses are low. I know, I know. Until that boy of yours eats a carton of eggs in two days. Listen, they're getting there. Let me tell you. So Zia's daycare, I never say her name online. I know, but my, I know that was a slip. You Saw what I did. I stayed away from that. Pretend like you didn't hear that. So my daughters daycare, she stops daycare and goes to kindergarten. And let me tell you something. That's a cool 1400 back in my pocket. Oh man. I can't wait, man. These kids Weekend trips. What's up now? Now maybe I can Go to Disney. You can,


As an investor and a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news. Timothy Plan offers investments for people who want to be intentional about where their money goes. As a pioneering force and biblically responsible investing, Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you. Or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs, distributed by four side funds services LLC.


The Money and Relationships tour is halfway over and the energy in every room has been unreal. Each stop has been packed with real talk big laughs and life-changing moments. Now it's your turn. Come hang out with me and Dr. John Delony in a city near you for a night that could change your money, your relationships, and your future. This is your last chance to join us in Phoenix Fort Worth, or Kansas City the week of May 5th. Grab your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


If you are listening to this message, it means that you are a listener of The Ramsey Show. And we are so glad that you are. And we're hoping that you're enjoying, you know, the advice that we give and the messages that we teach. And if that is the case, I hope that you share it with somebody. I hope you tell 'em, Hey, there's this really cool financial podcast or this really cool, you know, YouTube show that I listen to and you'll love it and share it with the people that you love and that you think could use this advice. And make sure you share it in a positive way. Not your finances look a mess. You could probably use this show. Make sure you share it in a nice way off The top ropes there. Yeah. You don't wanna do that. So just slide it into their dms or, you know, hit the little paper, airplane button or, you know, copy the link and paste it into one of your text messages.


We would really, really appreciate that. It's helpful for, helpful for us. And it helps spread the word to a lot of people who could probably use the, the help. So for anybody over the age of 50, slide into their dms, just means send them a direct message on social media. We gotta explain things that That's correct, Kim. You know, you're right. You're, I'm Looking out for my people out there. Thank you. We need that. Yeah. Sia is in Seattle, Washington. Sia, How can we help? Hi, glad that you are taking my call. I I own two houses. One of them I just bought recently at $1.2 million. I put down just 25% down and I mortgaged 900,000.


Okay. Now my, my first house that is $850,000 worth 150,000 remaining on the mortgage. The rate on the first house is 2.7%. That makes monthly payment of $2,000. Now the question is, is it better to sell the first house and pay the equity toward the second house so that I can have lesser or, you know, smaller mortgage, mortgage payment monthly? Or should I rent out the first house and pay the rent difference toward the mortgage of the f of the second house?


Because the mortgage, the, the rent difference is about $2,000 a month. 'cause it could, it could rent out about 4,000. I'm, so if I, Okay, keep Going. If I make $2,000 from, from the rent difference, that rent difference can go toward the mortgage of the second house and the rest I can pay through my income. Which one is a better investment pathway forward? Let Me paying two. Yeah. Let me ask a couple of questions. Is this your only debt? These houses? This is my only debt. Yeah. This is the only debts out there. And what's your income?


I make around 350,000 a year. Okay. 350,000. Seattle, Washington. These two houses right now. Which one are you currently living in? I live in the new one that I just bought. The $1.2 million one. Yeah. The previous one is being painted. Getting ready for rent. For for rent. But I'm just not sure should I rent it or should I sell it? I mean, how much do you owe on that first house, the one that you're getting ready to rent? I only, I owe 150,000 on it. What's It worth? The market it's worth 850,000. Okay. And then you've got a 900,000 mortgage on the one you just bought.


So you're more, let's kind of like frame up how we're viewing this. 'cause you're viewing it more on the monthly payment, the rents. I'm viewing it more on total debt. Ken, how are you viewing it? Yeah, the same way. I mean, to really burst your bubble, that rental opportunity is not as exciting as you think it is. Yeah, I agree. And it's also not gonna be as effective as you think it is. Let's take the $2,000 a month that you're saying you're gonna get in profit. Well that's not what you're actually gonna net When you talk about expenses of taking care of the home, you're the landlord on that deal. You still own it. You're gonna have expenses. You're not gonna see $2,000 a month.


You feel like there's easier ways to make that money. Yeah. And so you're going, well, I'll take that and then I'll put it on my new mortgage. I just don't think you're gonna make the progress that you want. And so, yeah, I'm seeing it the same way You are, Jade. I go, all of a sudden you've made yourself a landlord and you've taken on a really, really high mortgage. Now you make good money. Okay. Yes. You make great money, so you shouldn't be in a burden there. But what's the point of keeping the first house when you could sell it and put a huge chunk and almost completely cover, or get yourself really close to be able to pay that new house down pretty quickly. And that would be the play for me. I mean, you, you could do, you could do either.


So right now you've got the $850,000 house. You only owe one 50 on it. Correct. I only owe one 50. Yes. So if you sold the $1.2 million house, you could clear That somebody just bought that. That's not a smart move. He just moved into that one. That's True. That is True. I mean, that's where you wanna live. That's your primary, that's what you guys are excited about. Is your primary home going forward long term, Consider the inflation and the rate going up. I I was just thinking if keeping the house, the first house, if I keep it next year, this time is, is gonna be worth a hundred thousand More. I understand. But we we weren't discussing that. I'm saying the house you just bought $1.2 million house, is that your long-term play?


That's where y'all want to be long-term. That's right. Yes. Okay. So then, All Right, well then if that's the case, then you sell house number two. You clear, I don't know how much you think you'll clear. 700,000 off of this 6, 6 85 I clear. Six 50. Yeah, six 50. Okay. And you take that, you throw it at your $900,000 mortgage and then you know, your cash flow and the rest to pay this thing off. That's what I would do. But I have a sense that you're, you got into these houses for a reason. Was it just, was it to make money in real estate or did you say We lived in one house now we bought another house and now I just happened to have these two houses. We Just wanted to move to, just wanted to move to a better neighborhood.


That was a better school. Okay. So you didn't set out to be a landlord? No, I didn't. Okay. But it turned out that way. So I was just thinking if, if it's a good investment, maybe to keep it for retirement age, I Wouldn't. But if it's not, so then you have to ask yourself the question you have, and this is kind of a Dave RAMSEY question. You have to ask yourself today, if I lived in this $1.2 million house and I only owed 350,000 on it, would I turn around and say, I'd like to have a rental. Let me go over here and buy the same exact house, house number two and spend 850,000 on it because I want to be a landlord.


Would you do that? Probably not. Because I would buy cheaper rental at that Point. Exactly. So that's kind of a way to flip it around and say, is this really the decision that I want to be in long term or did I just end up here and is it something that I honestly want to get out of? And I think it sounds like something you wanna get out of. Yeah. And I'll use your own logic. I'll use your own logic really quick. See you, you know, you said the, the very first home you had that you're planning to rent, you said if I hold onto that another year from now, it's gonna be worth another a hundred thousand. And I'd say, well the same is probably true for the new fancier, nicer area house. You so true. Just got so of course. Yes.


That's why I would put my money. I would divest of that house. I'd sell it and I would do what Jay told you to do. And now we're on a track to pay that really nice house or much nicer house off. And it's what you wanna be in. Yeah. Yeah. I could pay that off a lot faster. You are right. Oh yeah. With that income, especially now, Again, that's what we would do. Okay. Ooh, I really appreciate it. Yeah, thank you very much for taking my call. You Bet. You bet. You bet. That's a great call. See I like that one. All Right, let's take a, let's take a social question, Ken. Oh, I love the social Questions. And this guy's name is Kenneth. This is a good man. I can tell you he's a distinguished gentleman. I can just tell you, I can just tell you that He says I have a sum of money coming in that would either pay off both of my credit cards or my 401k loan.


Oof. Which would you recommend that I pay off? Well, we're gonna go with the, the debt snowball. So which one of those is, So we lay 'em all out. What's the 401k loan? What are the credit card loans? And I'm doing it for momentum. I'm gonna, I'm gonna play the snowball the way that we teach it. Interesting. I'd go the 401k loan first. There's a couple of things that I'd put top on that list. That's Fair. I have a caveat on that. Okay. Tell me your caveat. If it's a onerous loan and it's really costing him a lot of money and he can wipe it, then I get that My, yeah. I have 401k loans scare me. 'cause at the, here's the thing, and to your point, if it's a big loan, if you lose your job, that thing becomes paid like do in full within 12 months Yeah.


Of you losing your job. So it's, I'd Like to know the terms of that deal. Yeah, yeah. But I'm always gonna go, the snowball for momentum purposes is where I'm always gonna default. I like it.


Buying or selling a home is a really big deal guys. And you do want an expert in your corner, someone who is fighting for you to find the best deal for the right price. And luckily the RAMSEY trusted program is the only way to find a top agent that you can trust. They're gonna help you make your home a blessing and not a burden. And I'm telling you, it's easy to just compare these different agent profiles. It's easy to interview them and ultimately choose the one that's gonna work for you, which is what I like about it. Because at the end of the day, you're the one making the choice. We're not just assigning someone to you, you're still interviewing them and you're still getting to choose. We've just vetted them to make sure they're worth choosing. So find a local RAMSEY, trusted realestate Pro for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Or click the link in the description if you are listening on YouTube or podcast.


All Right, love that. Let's Go to Rachel in Dallas, Texas. Rachel, what's up? Hi y'all. Thank you for taking my call. You bet. How can we help? So my question is, should I pull out my savings or stop paying towards my debt in order to buy an RV for me, my husband, my 1-year-old, and our two dogs to live in. Why do we want to live in an rv? So my parents, our home flooded in 2023. Oh no. And so my husband and and I, we had a two month, well we had a baby baby and we needed a place to go.


So my parents had just finished building their house and while they were building their house, they lived in an rv. And so they had an RV for us to live in. So we moved into there. Now my parents are both retired and they're wanting extra money. And so I just feel like us moving outta this $40,000 RV would be very beneficial to them. Now while we're living in this rv, we've been able to save and pay off some of our debt. Okay. And So we wanna continue doing that. We're not really ready to go and rent again. So we've discussed with my parents, maybe us buying our own RV and Giving theirs back, letting Them be able to sell theirs.


Yes. What would the cost of the RV be that you guys are thinking about buying? Buying? Well, so I, I'm not really sure. We have $2,500 in savings, which isn't a lot. And we still have $40,000 in debt. We we're paying off our debt. So our savings isn't going that much. So I'm just kind of stuck on, do I ask my parents for us to continue staying there? I'll be honest, my dogs are kind of tearing up their rv so I could get us out of there sooner than later. Aren't That would be my Why aren't you ready to rent? That was the statement you made. We're not ready to rent. Yeah. Is It the cost? Yeah. We're just really proud of our progress on paying off our debt.


Yes. But you that We are too. You gotta run the numbers on both sides to see if this is gonna work. So you said you've got and and, and you've gotta consider the timeframe too. Yeah. So you said you've got $40,000 of debt. How much Yes. Do you have to put onto that debt to clear it in the timeframe that you're thinking? And what is the timeframe that you're thinking? Well, at the rate we're going, so some of it's school loans, So we're kind of leaving that out. Oh no. But At the rate we're going, we, when we don't leave that out, that's, that's the one you wanna get. Listen, Sally Mae stops for no one. So you, you don't leave that out. That's part of the debt snowball. Yes. Well, as far as my timeline, I'm kind of leaving that out.


We have my husband's card. No, no. And I'm telling you straight up, don't leave it out, Rachel. Don't leave it out. No Ma'am. Okay. And you know what, you know what? It's Stilling. It's, it's still accruing. He still has two years left of school. So It's stilling and youre still taking debt for it. So you're still actively going into debt. I mean There's still loans coming from it. So here's the, have three Loans on it. All Right. Rachel, I've, I've been very, very patient. We're having the wrong conversation. So I'm gonna answer the question that you asked. Okay. Okay. No, you should not stop paying down your debt to buy an rv. You have no idea what the RV's gonna cost. You only have $2,500 in savings. You're more than $40,000 in debt and you're presenting to us as though you can't even afford to pay rent.


Which isn't true. Which is where I wanna focus our conversation. Yeah. Okay. The bottom line is, is your dogs are tearing up your parents' rv. Yeah. You guys have Outstaged your welcome. They need the money. Yeah. So what I wanna ask is, what does your husband and you, what's your bring home income? Both of you? Because I wanna come up with, with Jade how much you can actually afford and rent. Because that's what you need to be doing is going and renting and then taking your time and going as fast as you can. Go on paying off the debt. But buying an rv, you don't have the money. Where are you gonna sell something to get this? Or what was your thought? No, we were going to Finance it.


I don't know what our thought was. I know what you were gonna do. Yeah, no, because I 'cause you don't have any money. Yeah. So therefore you were gonna justify getting an rv, which if you really want to get our blood pressure high, it is when people ask us about buying RVs, 'cause it's a complete and total waste of money. So let's Go to tell Jade what your take home income is so that she can help you figure this rent out. Yeah. So I bring home 70,000 and my husband brings home about, I don't know, he makes a, he makes $11 an hour and this is a newer job because he had to change jobs so he could be closer to my daycare. So tell me every my parents live in, tell me every month how much money you guys see in your paychecks.


That's an easier question. So he gets paid every other week. His are about $700. So he brings home about 1400. And I bring home, well I have our insurance and I have, you know, 4 0 1 KI bring home 1800 every two weeks. So what is that? 32? Okay. Yeah. So you guys have 5,000 bucks a month and you've got 25% of that that you can spend on rent. So you've got 1,250 bucks that you can spend every single month on rent. So that's your starting spot. Now you go, I almost said look in the paper or look in the yellow pages. I don't know what hit me, but you go and you, you find a place.


Yeah. Have To explain what that is to some people. Listen, I people don't know how old I Really am. I Know, I know. You go and find a a, an apartment or something. A a rental, a townhouse that you guys can stay in that'll take your dogs and that's 1,250. That is the barrier. Yeah. Because if you go beyond that, it's gonna be really tough, Rachel, for you guys to make headway on your debt. That's the plan. Your husband. Yes. So there's your number 1250 years your max Rachel maximum. Okay. Now, okay, I wanna know if hubs is working another job or two or open to working another job or two because 11 do dollars an hour. He's capable of bringing in more money. Oh yes.


And he needs to be, especially when we're paying off debt. What's the story? Yeah. So we moved to a smaller town when we moved in with my parents. And So we were looking for a job for him. That's close to my son's daycare because I have to travel over 60 miles for work. Oh, I got a great idea. Oh, why don't we move closer to your, you go Job now you don't have to be in, Oh and by the way, it's probably closer to civilization I'm gathering, which means there's better jobs. Yeah. When will he be eligible? Which is great. It sounded like he was still in school. 'cause he's accruing loans, is that right? Yes. Yeah, he's doing online school. For What? So when will he make more?


Well his degree is in marine biology. So In Texas Is George Costanza. Alright. Alright. So is there a pathway that he's going to make that money to Get him near the marine biology? Does he know the pathway for that? He has no pathway. No. Okay. He doesn't know the pathway. He Needs to pause on school. You all need to move and get to a better place where you're not driving as far as you're driving with a little one. That's, that's adding a lot of stress to your life. That's tough. It's gonna be a better job market for him because it's near civilization or in the middle of civilization and he needs to be making $20 or more an hour period.


End of story. I don't care what he's doing. And yes, he needs to press pause on pursuing a degree. 'cause you guys can't afford it and you're taking a loan out without a path to doing marine biology work. Now I'm not saying he, I'm not in any way crapping on the dream or trying to be tough guy or, or get off my lawn guy. But right now where there is no path, right? Yeah. We shouldn't be doing something. And so let's press pause. The marine biology degree will always be there, but you all need to get your income up and change your lifestyle. That's, yeah. Sorry, I know that's not fun to hear. It's not. But Ken, I think you're exactly right. There's a lot going on and if they can just focus in one direction, the, a clear direction where there is a path forward, to your point, you need to go that direction.


And so 1,250 bucks a month in a rental that gets you closer to your job and allows him to find work as he pauses education for the time being until he finds a clear path forward. Go call every customer you Ask for a,


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over to there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right, go on now truck. Don't make it weird. Okay. I I I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. Down Truck. Alright, this is, it's getting weird over there guys.


So what do we do.