
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Open phones this hour at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Multiple number one bestselling author and RAMSEY personality. Rachel Cruz, my daughter is my co-host today. Open phones here. You jump in. We'll talk about your life and your money. Victor is with us in Irvine, California. Hi Victor. How are you? I'm doing well with Dave. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up?


Hi. So three years ago, me and My wife was buying a life insurance policy from our father-in-law. We both make a pretty good income, but essentially we're like three years in now, and I've just, I know we've maxed out our 401k, our Roth IRA, but I was talking to my father-in-law and he essentially said it's like a good tax free investment that we can do with our custom whole life policy. And since we already maxed out our 401k and our rock ira, and we even like bought a house recently, we're just not sure if that's like the best way moving forward to put our money in at, at least with our extra money.


So that's our situation. Victor, you've been married three years, you said? Yeah, we've been married for three, about three years, yeah. Okay. All right. So you're in your mid twenties, I assume. Yeah, me and My wife are both 27. So we got married around 24. Okay. Well, I have to Give you full disclosure here. Okay. I have been trashing whole life policies and people who sell them for 30 years as being one of the biggest possible ripoffs in the financial world.


So if you say Dave Ramsey to your father-in-law, his face is gonna melt off. I know. I, I was afraid of bringing that up to him. I Would not, I would not suggest you do that. Uncle, uncle Dave would suggest you don't do that to yourself with your father-in-law. I don't think there's anything to be gained by that. So, you know, so basically he, you know, you have a guy in your life that loves you and that believes in these products. You have a guy on the radio that loves you and says, these products are crap. And so now you've got to decide as a grown man with your grown wife, what you guys are going to do, and then how to navigate that decision.


I would never recommend that you stay, that you buy something or do something because when you're a grown person, because your parents said you had to, to keep them happy, I would not do that. Okay. But I would also not recommend that you damage your relationship with your wife's father. I, I would want you to be kind and honoring and really avoid an argument if I were you. Okay? I have family members, for instance, that I've been married for 41 years, Victor, I have family members that vote the wrong way. Oh my gosh.


They don't know how to vote. They pick the wrong party, and they're just dumb about it. And I love 'em anyway. I love 'em anyway. We Have family members that have credit cards and that, And I don student. I don't, I don't, I don't create at Thanksgiving a political argument with people who aren't going to change their minds that I love, or a Financial Argument that I love or a financial argument. Yeah. I, I don't, oh, well, I don't give financial advice for PE to people who don't ask for it. And that includes everyone, family included, people who ask, I will tell you. So for Victor, talk through, so for Victor, the different, what, why, why you don't like whole life insurance as an investment? I, I just, well, he knows. He already knows why I don't like it. Don't you?


I know that you, you mentioned that like the return over like 30 years is minimal. Yeah, it is. And, and when you die, but my, when you die, the money that you have in there is gone. They only pay the face amount, and there is no such thing as a whole life policy that is tax free. If it actually got a rate of return, it is tax free because you are, the only way you can get your money out is to borrow your own money. And honey, if you go over at the bank and borrow money, they don't charge you taxes on that either. Right? So of course, it's tax free, but it is not a tax, it is not a tax good tax dodge.


It is not a good investment. It is not a good product. But now you, you can research, you know, a bazillion things that we have said about that. And, and then you've still got this deep, horrible relational problem. And I would recommend that you just be kind if you decide to not use this product, which of course is my recommendation, I would recommend you don't get into an argument with your father-in-law about it. I, I would just say, you know, we've looked at it and for us, we've decided to go another direction and we sure hope adult to adult that you'll just respect our decision, even though you think I'm wrong and I want you to respect my decision.


And so, you know, I have a friend who's so stupid that the other day he leased a car and he's even dumber than that. He drove the car to my house to show it to me. Okay. But I didn't talk to him about car leases. I just went, Hey, my friend has a nice car. I'm gonna be happy for him. And he's happy about his car. Yeah. And he didn't ask my opinion. And so I'm not gonna just go adult to adult. I'm gonna celebrate his adult decision, even though he did a nice thing in a dumb way, you know? Right. I mean, I can still, yeah. I can still be friends with the guy. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. So I want you, and anything, I want you to be kind to your father-in-law Even.


Yeah. Even, yeah. I think the biggest thing it's gonna be, it could be, I don't mean I don't know your father-in-law, but if this is what he does for a living, it's a shot to the ego. I mean, like, yeah, it's right. I mean, if, I mean, if he believes in it so much, like if what we teach you believe so much that if we can't, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's, it's a hard, it would be a hard thing to say. They're gonna go a different direction from what I not just believe, but the work I do. So just be prepared for that. And you and your wife need to have a lot of conversations, Victor and you guys, She's really gotta be in this. Yeah. And just really dive in and you guys have to say, okay, what's best for us? And find the facts. 'cause the facts is what's gonna prove it to you, Victor. And you both have to be on that same page and say, okay, this is what we're doing. And I, I totally agree with you. Keep it minimal. I mean, like, just say, Hey, I think we're, we're gonna pass, we're Gonna, and your, your wife has to be able to just look at her dad and Smile, which will be hard And smile and say, I love you and we're going a different direction.


Yeah. You know, Dave, And So I love you and we're going a different direction, but I'm going a different direction. All right. That's the thing. You're announcing something on the air. No, but it's Yeah. That this is where the Yeah. The relational factor of it is just, it can be messy. Yeah. But, but, but it's also a great practice, Victor, for you and your wife. You've got to learn to do this. Yes. Anyway. Yes, that's right. Over other things. Yes. Because, you know, they're, they're the please otherwise, you know, they're gonna interfere. When you get ready to name your first child, they're going to interfere when you get ready to buy your first house. And they all do it out of Love. And, and no, they do it outta love. They do it out. Don't pet me.


I don't interfere in your, I don't interfere in your kids' name. No, you don't. That's what I meant. That would be Mimi that does that. We don't tell our kids' names until they were born because The baby, you'll get a Mimi eye roll. We hand the Bebe to the grandparent and we say, Just don't name 'em Moon bean. This is, it's all I request no hippie names. That's all I request. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years, and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through, how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I the middle Be next week? Yeah. How In the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance, And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. Or go to xandr.com.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY. Personality is my co-host today. Linda's in Pittsburgh. Hi Linda. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Hey, we, my husband and I are wondering how he can acquire his portion of the will that his mother wrote. So she passed away in 2006 and wrote a will giving the family home to her children. And his brother has lived in the chil in the house all of his life and still lives. There Was the will Pennsylvania probated November.


The will was probated by their stepdad in 2007. Okay. She passed away in 2006. And, and so the stepdad, wait a minute. The stepdad had nothing to do with the house and the will, right? Yes. It was just one of those where it was, he had the right to occupy during his lifetime. The brother or the stepdad? The Stepdad. Okay. So he had, he had a life estate, and the will was, and the will left the property to your husband, his brother, and whatever other siblings And a sister who Okay. Was the property retitled at that time? What did Pennsylvania probate require y'all to retitle it and put everybody's name on it?


The house is in Colorado. Oh, okay. And it, at the time of probate, it was retitled to all three siblings. Okay. So you each own a third un undivided interest it's called. Okay. Right. Okay. Is sister still alive? No. She, she lost her battle with depression in 2017. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yes. And did she have heirs? No, she did not. Okay. So I would suppose that your husband and his brother are now equal owners. Then you would have to seek an attorney's advice to be a hundred percent sure.


But let's play this through. That's what it sounds like. It sounds like they're now equal owners. Okay. And he doesn't have to do anything to acquire it. It already has his name on it. The death of his sister left her half, left half of hers to him, and half of it to his brother. And so now the two of them are 50 50. Okay. It's on his name's on title. If the property, if the property were sold, he would get 50%. Okay. Okay. So now what are y'all wanting to do? So he had, after probably it was two, almost two years after the stepfather passed away, he approached his brother about either buying him out or selling the home.


And he said, absolutely not. I have no interest in selling the home, and I'm not going to buy you out. Okay. Who lives in it? His brother. Okay. All Right. He has lived in it all his life. Okay. So he's living there for free? Yes. Okay. He has a, he has a roommate there that pays him rent. Okay. And there's A little, here's the thing. If you wanna, if you wanna stir it up and cause this to come to an end, because this is not, this is not a fair situation. This is unjust. Agreed. Agreed. Okay. Then your husband, how, how does he have any relationship left with his brother at all? Well, they love each other.


It's just that there's, I didn't ask that. I asked if they had a relationship In the middle. Do what? There's, there's, I said they, they love each other. There's this mountain in the middle, the house. The House. The house. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Well, it depends on how much your husband wants to invest in this, but if we wanna try to save the relationship, you get on an airplane and he flies out there and he sits down with his brother and he says, okay, you living here for free is done. I'm a 50% owner in this, and you can't live here for free anymore. You have to move out. I'm demanding that. Or we have to sell the house, or you have to buy me out. Now you decide which one you wanna do. You wanna move out and we rent it and we split the rents that we collect. Or do you wanna buy me out or whatever?


I'll Give you a deal if you wanna buy me out. But you sitting here and me getting nothing and you living here for free ends, I'm done. I love you. I hate what you're doing to me. It's nasty and it's wrong and it's unjust. And he says that to him in person, to his face. Okay. And then if the brother goes, well, I'm not gonna do that. You say, yes, you are. Because if you do not, I'm going to hire an attorney and I'm going to sue in circuit court to have this partnership disbanded, and the court is going to force the sale of the house to give me my half and it's gonna cost me five or $10,000. And you're probably never gonna speak to me again.


But I'm at the point that I'm tired of you screwing me over. This is how you have to handle it if you're going to handle it. Otherwise, you just gotta accept it and go on. And then you have to hire an attorney, and the judge will demand that you sell the house to liquidate the estate and they'll sell the house and the brother will get half the money and you'll get half money selling The house. Correct. Do what I said liquidating the estate is selling the house, correct? Yeah. Yeah. You sell the house. Okay. Sell the house and you get your half now, or we can have the house appraised and at 80%, 80 cents on the dollar of the appraisal. I'll take my half, I'll Give you a dis a 20% discount if you wanna buy me out.


How much is the house worth, Linda? What? From what we can tell, it's probably right around $400,000. Yeah. This is just wrong. And your, your brother-in-law's a leach. He's a parasite and you're tired of it. That's why you called. Is your husband as tired of it as you are or is he just gonna let this go on? Oh, no. He's as tired of it as I am. Okay. He's just a super nice guy. Okay. If you want to, if he wants to try to be super kind to his brother, he could fly out there and try to do this very calmly and just say, this is over.


Okay. You're gonna buy me out, or the judge is gonna force the sale of the house. Because when I leave this conversation, if we're not in agreement, I'm gonna contact an attorney and we're going to court, and the house is gonna be sold. 'cause you living here for free is not right. And it's not fair. You've been taking advantage of me. And I can't let you do that anymore, even though I love you. That's wrong. And, and Brother isn. And if you wanna buy me out, I'll Give you a discount on the appraisal. But I own 50%. You own 50% and you can't live here for anymore. That's over. Fly it. Take a plane ticket and invest a plane ticket into the relationship. Try to do it nice.


And see if you can get him to move off. He, he may just think that he, your brother, your my brother's a nice guy. He's never gonna do anything. And he might be right. Talking about your husband, right? Yes. I know, I Know. He sees your husband as a target and he is using it. He sees, he thinks your husband's not gonna do anything. Yeah. And so if your husband doesn't wanna do anything, it's okay. I don't care. If you want, if you want to just let this go on, I'm not mad about it, it doesn't matter. But if you're going to do it, that's how you do it. I, I would sell it to him at a discount. Because if you sell it, you're gonna pay expenses anyway. Right? Right.


And so if it's worth 400,000, I'll sell you my 200,000 at 80%, which is 160. That's a great deal. You have 30 days to get me my money. If you do not get me my money in 30 days, I am going to begin a court proceeding that's going to force the sale of the house. And don't, you know? And, and that's the end of the discussion. And then just go hire a lawyer and do it. And it'll take a dadgum year and it'll take 10 th and it'll be $10,000 outta your pocket and legal fees. Is there a way to find a reputable attorney in Colorado? Sure. That was our other thing. It's like, how do you, how do you find one there without, you Know, call, call one of our real estate endorsed local providers.


Jump on the line at RAMSEY and find the real estate endorsed local providers tell me it needed a good real estate attorney Estate. Okay. And they'll, they'll Give you a recommendation. Okay. And that's the only way I, I mean, I, you gotta have somebody you, that you trust. And these are high, high octane real estate agents that we endorse, and they'll know somebody that's a quality attorney that can litigate this. Mm. But I, I really wouldn't. You know, I, it may be that when you hire the attorney and you spend $500 and he has to, he decides to send a letter to the brother that, that wakes the brother up and then the brother does it. 'cause the brother's probably, he's been living this way a long time. He's probably not gonna take the first, he's not gonna believe your husband that he's gonna do anything.


'cause he is never done anything. So he's suddenly a man of action that's gonna be shocking to the brother. This is The Ramsey Show.


Remember the good old days of the internet before it was a privacy nightmare filled with scammers, scammers, hackers, and fraudsters. Simpler times. Now I don't have a time machine, but I do have the next best thing. Delete me. Think of delete me as your online bodyguard, helping to protect you from the risks of online scams and data breaches. Here's how they do it. They scour the web to find and remove your data from these sketchy data broker websites. And this includes your name, your phone number, your email, your address and more. And delete me. We'll send you a detailed report of what they did and how much time they've saved you. And they've saved me 66 hours so far, which is more time I can spend trying to nail the wordle of the day on the first try. Deleteme has been around for over a decade and they now have over a hundred million data removals, which explains why they have a mountain of rave reviews and an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. It's been great for my family and I love getting fewer targeted ads, fewer spam techs, and fewer creepy robocall. So this holiday season, share peace of mind by gifting a Deleteme subscription to someone you love or even just like their individual plans. Start at just nine bucks a month and you can sign up today at join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY for 20% off. That's join Deleteme dot com slash RAMSEY.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY Personality, my daughter is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Ashley is with us in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hi Ashley, how are you? Hey Dave. Oh my gosh, I'm so excited to talk to you guys. You too. What's up kiddo? So my husband and I are looking into maybe starting a new business. We are totally debt free with a paid for house. We have one year of emergency funds saved up. Wow. Nice. Yeah, we've been following you and doing you for seven years since we got married. And so we just got debt free not too long ago and paid our house off about a month ago. Oh wow. Congratulations Ashley. Way to go.


Yeah, Thank you. So we are, I love food. I love making food. People really seem to like respond well when I post things on Facebook sharing things. And they have actually come to us wanting us to maybe start a food truck or like a cafe of some kind. We talked to our CPA and he was leaning more towards the food truck. He said that like the overhead was less, they were less likely to like not go under because of all the overhead. But my concern with the food truck we had been looking into them is of course it, you know, it would still be considered depre depreciating asset.


Correct. Like even if we paid cash and saved up for it, it's still depreciating versus like a brick and mortar. I mean, I guess if we're owning, if we don't own it, we're still paying rent. So I just didn't know if you were winged one way or the other. I would not decide my business model based on either one of those things or based on a CPA's advice. Okay. You need to decide your business model on what you want. Your dream is what do you wanna operate? Do you wanna operate a food truck? Do you wanna operate a brick and mortar? And then let's figure out how to pay for it and how to make the money to, how to make it profitable. Right. Gotcha. And is there another, is there another in-between step, like start catering as a start and start to build up your customer base from catering?


I know several excellent chefs that have big operations now that started as catering. Gotcha. Okay. And what's your end goal, Ashley? Do you wanna be a, A restaurant owner? Yeah, Like do you wanna like have, like is there a big dream or is it more just a passion of yours and you Love it and it's something to do on the side that's really fun? I've always wanted to be more of a chef. Like the food in part of it is more like my dream and passion. My husband was in the food industry for a while and he actually was the business side of it. So as far as that, I think the, the brick and mortar having like a small cafe, I'm thinking something kind of small scale of like the Cracker Barrel.


I'd love to have like a little store inside and be able to combine healthy, like whole foods, plant-based foods with more like regular foods, like a, like a blend of the two. So people that my husband eats burgers and fries and Steak. I think the only reason you're considering a food truck is it, it's not, doesn't sound congruent with this dream. Gotcha. Yeah. The cafe sounds congruent with a dream. It does. Yeah. Now that you're talked me through that. It does. Yeah. Yeah. It just feels like it, the way you say it out loud. And, and here's the thing, your, your CPA is right about one thing. Restaurants have a higher failure rate than almost any other business category really?


Yeah. And so you've got to really lean in on the business operations part, not just the food quality. Okay. If you make the best and healthiest food on the planet and no one is there, this isn't gonna work. Right. And so there's the marketing and the operations of this. And what I would do is I probably would start as a catering operation and build a customer base and then look for a, a place to lease. Don't buy a piece of real estate and build you out, build you out a little restaurant and your leasehold improvements that you put in, there'll be a depreciating asset too.


So, and, but let me, I mean, but Ashley, like, I mean, and tell me if I'm wrong, I mean, but this could be hundreds of thousands of do. I mean, this isn't just like a little thing. And I wonder if that's why the CPA was like, yeah, food truck is gonna be way less expensive to get something going. Right? Not necessarily. I mean, if you, if you found a location that the building was there and someone else had had something in, Had the kitchen in there. Yeah. Ready. Some of, some of, but you're not happy kitchen. Some of kitchen items are in there. You go in and renovate, you might spend less than a food truck to renovate it. It's possible. And, you know, to u upgrade it, get the fresh coat of paint and you know, that'll work. You could start with a food truck if you want to, but I just, I, the question is just what you want to do for the next five years of your life.


And I think you want to cook and I think he wants to run a restaurant and that, that doesn't sound like a food truck to me. Yeah, that's a different gig. It's a different field. And Even Ashley, like, you know, it, we've been to a few places over the last probably two or three years, people's homes for events, and they have someone come in and cook and the, you know, and the, and the chef guy brings his card around. He's like, next time you guys have a party, I can do a, I can do a dinner for eight of your friends or like, you know, whatever it is. And I'm like, if you get the right people in a room that taste your food, that then spread the word. Right? Like there's ways to do it. So the catering, if that's what you were meaning, but even Yeah, we were not coming in and cooking for, for friends and, and having them bring friends and, you know what I mean?


You can start small just to get the word out about what you're doing. Yeah. Because it sounds great, but also, I just know restaurant, it's just a big investment. Like when you hear, it's a hard business when you hear brick and mortar, I mean, it's just, you're gonna be having staff, you're gonna, if there's not already a kitchen, how much those appliances cost. I mean it's just, it's a lot. It's a lot. Not that it can't be done, Ashley, but it is, it is a, its a feat to take on. So it's, you guys really great. You drop, you drop a hundred dollars in a truck and you can drop a hundred thousand dollars into your leasehold improvements. Either one. Yeah. Real quickly, make sure you've got the cash and that way then the only overhead you've got is your lease and your payroll and your food. I just know there's, there's like the, I mean, I just can think of probably three or four food trucks and I don't know, that started as food trucks that ended up becoming restaurants because their brand was so big here in Nashville that they opened up a restaurant because of that.


So I'm just wondering, is that a, is that a, that's not a stair stepping way It can be, but then you got, you've still got, you either continue to operate both or you've got this extra truck left over. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I, I just, I, the question is what she wants to do. I mean, I I'm with you on the idea of starting some chefing in home stuff. Yeah. We were at a high end charity event, your mom and I the other day, and the food was incredible. She collects the chef's card and he's helping us with the family reunion that's coming up. So, I mean, you know, that's, that, that's how, that's how you get the business out. And so it's, it's, but you can build a clientele based on that. And then like we have friends that are chefs that have do in-home stuff and if they ever open something, we'd be a customer.


Right? Right. You know, so because we're a customer now, that kind of thing, same kind of thing with this guy and that, that's a process there that you can go through and pick up the book, the e Myth by Gerber and read that. He talks a lot about work, learning to work on your business, not just in your business. Because being a chef is one of the pieces you have to do to operate a successful restaurant. The other pieces are business orientation that your husband has apparently. And I would lean into all of that. I really, really would. Open phones at triple eight, eight, two, five, five, two, two five. Thank you for listening out there America, we appreciate you.


If you are new to The Ramsey Show and you're trying to figure out what in the world are we talking about that snowballs, baby steps, what is all this wor all these words, all this vernacular mean? Well, you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on the get started button, the get started button. It is a free process to help you figure out what you're looking for in this RAMSEY journey and how we can best serve you on this RAMSEY journey, where you are now, and what your Next Steps are, all those kinds of things. So click get started at Ramsey Solutions dot com and we'll get you moving and you know, you, you become acquainted with the baby steps and the debt snowball and all those kinds of things.


If you just keep listening to the show, we'll keep, we'll keep talking about it and you'll start to understand what we're dealing with. And you'll look it up and you'll watch a YouTube video or some people go through, you wanna do the best thing you can do, go through Financial Peace university and that'll line you up and get you, you know, get you on the fast track to doing everything and getting control of your money and changing everything. So all of that to say that we're here to help you. So check it out at Ramsey Solutions dot com.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable in Field of Greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or Field of Greens will Give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY.


Student loan debt is an epidemic. A pandemic and defaulting on debt makes you feel even worse. But our question of the day sponsor, why refi, refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. You'll have a payment you can afford with a low fixed interest rate that you couldn't get anywhere else. Go to y refi.com today slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in Allstate.


Today's question comes from Carter in New Hampshire. He says, My wife and I are avid listeners, but we don't share the same views financially. I'm an analyzer when it comes to finances and it annoys her to no end. I have a two year emergency fund and our home is paid off together. We earn $200,000 a year. She likes to spend and wants me to co-sign on a vehicle that's $80,000. She has $10,000 in credit card debt and she pays $15,000 each year for private school for our kids. If I mention anything about money, I'm the one who's wrong. I wish I could say that. We pay for vacations, recreational toys and trips, but these funds come from my checking account and she gets mad when I say that I pay for them.


Is it okay to have an account together to pay bills and separate for spending accounts? I mean, I think you guys are disjointed completely when it comes to money. I mean obviously this is like a pick and choose what we wanna do together and what we don't. And I think the goal here is that you are a unified team with all of it, right? All of it together. So the spending, the saving where your kids are going to college or or to, to school where you guys, you know what kind of cars you guys buy that you are in a agreement to gather in those things. And so some, you know, she's a spender, so you guys are in a great position. You have no debt, you have great emergency funds. So if she wants to go spend a little, you can't be crazy and be like, no, you can't spend anything.


Right. And you sound a little bit, you sound a little crazy to a degree Carter that she just wants a little bit of freedom. But then she on the other end is not what it sounds like $80,000 car Debt and credit card debt. That's crazy. The same value system though is what's not being played out. So I think that's, that's the issue is that you guys are functioning not on the same value system. And so it's looking like a mess like this and, and, and the accounts that doesn't fix it. I th I think people think that, I think, I don't think they have a money problem. People think, I think they Have a marriage problem, right? But that's the problem is people think, is it okay if we just have separate accounts? And what that does is it sweeps the one issue that you actually need to talk about under the rug. It doesn't fix it. It actually continues to alienate you guys from each other.


So no Carter, I would not do these separate accounts. I would force you guys to work out of one account because to your point, it's actually going to reveal other issues that are actually going on in your marriage. Yeah. And I'm the one that's wrong. She gets mad, you know, if you just change out the subject and it wasn't money and you were talking about something else and she acted that way or you acted that way, you overanalyzed everything, which is what you're doing for sure. And on the other hand, then she's acting like a princess and stomping her foot with her little red face out till I get what I want. And if you don't let me have what I want, then you're wrong. This is a marriage problem.


You guys desperately need to sit down with someone. 'cause here's the problem, okay? The probability that you have a high quality marriage going forward using this system is close to zero. You may or may not get divorced later, but you're definitely not having fun in your relationship. And the probability that you build wealth with both of you pulling at each other the whole time instead of pulling the wagon. No, almost zero. One of the things we found when we studied wealthy people is the data tells us that they work together with their spouse. They're unified in their goals, they're aiming at the same target and pulling the trigger together.


That's what we're doing. And you can't drag along a princess, she can't drag along someone who overanalyzes everything and has no fun left anywhere in life. 'cause you squeeze every dollar until George Washington screams and no, you can't. You gotta, you gotta have something in here. We gotta have some flow to this, some relationship to this that's not in here. And so yeah, this desperately screams of a need for marriage counseling to me For Sure. Open phones at triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Bos with us in Las Vegas. Hi Bo, how are you? I'm doing good. Can you hear me? Absolutely.


What's up? So I wanted to know if I can keep using my credit card and I know you're probably gonna say no, but I'm gonna try anyway. You're right. No, So Do your convincing Bo So Give it your best shot Bo. Alright, so this is a unique situation. I've never heard it on your show and I've been only listening for like five months. Okay. So I have one credit card, I have a medical condition and my medication is insanely expensive and I can't afford it until I hit my deductible, which my insurance will cover. But my deductible is $13,000.


And so the pharmaceutical company that makes it will reimburse me for it. And I've been doing this for two years and So I use the credit card and I get cash back for the, and then they reimburse me in a few days. Okay? So is that something that I would keep it for? Why don't you just pay cash? So I Only need to be, what was that? Why Don't you pay cash? I can. Why? I have, but it's really expensive. Oh Good. Well pay cash And then you get, and then you still get Reimbursed cash back. It's really expensive either way. Dude, you, you're out the money either way, right? Yeah, but I get it.


The money back from the pharmaceutical company. And so you use your cash and then you get your cash right back. I can do that, but I get another 300 bucks or 600 Doty. Okay, You're gonna sell your financial sold for 300 bucks. Well it's, I never met a millionaire, said, you know, Dave, I made all my money on my airline miles. It's not airline miles. I know It's 300 bucks. Use regular cash back. 300 bucks has never created a millionaire. Okay? I I agree. I just don't make a lot of money. So it's, it's really Well then that's a d if if, if $300 is a lot of money, then that's a different problem, isn't it?


You have an income problem then. Yeah, I don't think I'm gonna make more money. Why? It's not because I'm lazy. I'm, I'm not really worth a lot of money. Why I society would say I lack intelligence or education. They're different. You don't lack intelligence. You've carried on a very clear conversation in a high pressure situation. You don't like lack intelligence. You've, you've done a good job in this banter that we've had here, which was kind of fun. So I you're not lacking an intelligence. You might not have education. That doesn't mean you're not able to make a living. What do you do? What do you make? I make 26 35 an hour.


Okay, that's not super bad. You were getting 40 hours. No, I worked. Well it varies, but seasonally I work between 30 and 45 hours a week. It depends on what time of year, What do you do? It's kind of, I work for a distribution center. I am, I operate, I, the simplest way I could say it is, is I manage robots. Okay? I Make sure. Okay, are you 24 job? Are you 24? What? No old. I'm 42. I'm sorry. 42. 42. Okay. So here's the deal.


What I would do if I were you is I would say, hey, I can be anything I want to be, what are the steps to being one of those? And I could make twice as much money being one of those and I wanna go start working towards being one of those. And it could be an apprentice program, it could be a certification program, it could be a couple of classes at the local community college, I don't know. But you're capable of doing all of those things I know. And so your issue is that you need to increase your income and have some career goals. We'll help you with that. I'm gonna Give you Ken Coleman's book, find the work you're wired to do.


I wanna get the title right. So I turned around and looked at it and it's got in it the get clear assessment. I don't have to look at it 'cause we've had over a hundred thousand people take this assessment and it'll help you get clear on what your skills are. And I want you to go work on that boat where $300 to where you're no longer in a place where you think $300 changes your life. Don't be in a place where you think 300 bucks changes your life. You wanna be in a better place than that. And then you don't fall into the traps of these stinking banks and these stinking credit card companies and you get sucked in thinking they're actually there to help you. They're not So problem solved. Hang on, we'll give that to you as our gift. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've got a lot to keep organized in life, kids and calendars and carpooling and cleaning. I mean, it is so much. That's why you need a knock box. That way if something happens to you, you leave your loved ones with happy memories, not a huge mess. Knock box is a complete system to help you organize your accounts, personal history, estate planning documents, and all your other info in one place. I'm talking about everything from life insurance policies and social media accounts to your dog's vet divided into 15 simple categories. Plus they've got checklists that tell you what to add to each folder so your family won't have to guess where everything is. So start getting organized today@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. Your family will thank you. That's knock box n Okay. box.com/ RAMSEY.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. The phone number here is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Rachel Cruz, multiple number one bestselling author, RAMSEY personality co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour. And my daughter is my co-host today. Open phones at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Nicole is in Salt Lake City. Hey Nicole, how are you? Hi. I am good. How are you? Better than I deserve.


What's up? Well, I'm so grateful to actually get to speak to both of you, especially another working mom. I am concerned with whether or not I would be harming my family's financial future if I take an extended maternity leave with my second child. I did. I didn't take that with my first child and I've had a lot of regret about that. And my husband and I are considering whether or not I could take a year or two off of work. If I did, we wouldn't be able to put as much toward our debt snowball as we have. We've paid off about $217,000 since 2020.


Yeah. What do you, What are you doing Nicole? I'm an attorney. What do you make Net take home for both of Us. No, I said what do you make? I I think my net take home is one 20. What about your husband? His is about maybe 60, I think. No, it was 70 last year. His, his net was 70. What's he do? He owns some, some car washes. Okay. And so, so You're gonna cut your income by 60, 65%? Yes. Okay.


And then we would still have $86,000 of my student loan left. It's our only debt besides our mortgage that we still have left to pay on. But we've, we've been paying on it and so it's gonna set us back. We'll be able to make the minimum payments and maybe a little bit more with distributions, but maybe inconsistently. And I guess I'm just, I'm concerned because we started a family later in life. We'll both be in our early forties by the time I wanted to go back to work. And so obviously having that debt and then having not invested that long, I'm just concerned this is gonna cause harm long term.


I kind of wanna like relieve you from, from that, Nicole. I don't think it's harm long term. I mean, I think yeah, your, your goals are gonna shift if your family goals shift and that's a reality, but it's not like you're putting your family in massive danger here. Right. I mean, I have some other ideas that we can talk through here in a second, but this, so many women feel this and especially since you're the breadwinner of that, I have to be the one to save everything and it's up to me and I'm gonna put my family in danger. I'm, you know, like this language that you're using. It's, it's very heavy. And I think it's, and what I would say is that it's, you're putting more pressure on yourself than needs to be there.


Yes. Getting outta debt is a huge goal and it's one that I want you guys to work towards and one that you've made such significant progress to. But like we said, the last hour of the show, we, we talked so much about how debt is a tool to create, or I'm sorry, money is a tool to create a life that you love and you guys have to look at your family unit and your family is a priority. Nicole. I mean, your family is one that you're like, okay, what what is best for us right now? And as a mom, I get it like that. I mean, I pulled back from work after my third because I was like, I just, I wanna be home more. And so all of that is real. Now does that mean we wanna stop everything you guys have been doing and the progress you've made? No, I wouldn't suggest that either. And So I think a, I think a wonderful middle ground, Nicole for you is to have, because I mean an attorney, I'm like, that is such a stressful job and the hours you work, I mean, I can't even imagine.


So what does life look like if Nicole stays home and her career shifts and your career looks different for a year or two, what does that look like? And So I would start, you know, having that kind of conversation of, and I don't know this world Nicole, so you probably can direct me better in this conversation from this point on in this sense, but is there work to be done that you could do, outsource your skills at some level, some degree that is significantly less stress and less time than what you've been doing and still be bringing in some kind of flow, right? Because I, I would to To offset the student loans that are Yeah. There because of law school, right? You know? Right. So let's use the law degree to clean up the law degree mess.


But does it have to, does your life have To look like it? But maybe not, maybe not in a traditional right. Attorney setting. Right? What Rachel's saying, and Rachel says she pulled back, she pulled back, she's not, but she's not out of the saddle either. She's, you know, her social footprint has grown. She's still doing appearances. She's still on this show, still launched a number one bestselling kids book a few months ago. And so, and did all of that on, you know, le less than a full-time hour slate In an office. Yeah, correct. Yeah. In the office. And so, you know, there, but we just shifted around how, what we're doing with her brand and how we're doing that for a season here while the little one is there.


And so for You, that's what I would present to you. Yeah. What does, what does that shift look like, right? Because there is a, you know, there's a level of responsibility that you guys have financially, right? That you have to fulfill. You have to make these payments and getting outta debt as you know, lifts so many burdens, right? If you didn't have this debt, then you could have the option to stay home full time if you wanted, right? Yeah. So, but, but I do think Nicole, that there's something there that there still can be money to be brought in. I think you have to think creatively and that's probably what I would encourage you to do, to have something. And then he honestly, Nicole will probably have to step up his game if you guys keep this momentum with paying off debt. I just don't want you to think it's an all or nothing. Yeah. Things can shift It's, and harm is not the right word, Rachel's right?


That's an overstated word. A gi a mom guilt word in this because you, the mo you guys can't win. Okay? You get mom guilt if you're at home 'cause you, you feel like you should be at work and if you're at work you get mom guilt 'cause you feel like you should be at home. I mean, it's a no win and there's always some more on, on either side of the coin telling you you should be doing the other one, right? And so, and, and so we're not gonna be either one of those, but probably some kind of a, a change a hybrid approach because I, I, there's a part of me that says, okay, that the went to all the trouble and the expense and the debt to be a lawyer to go cold Turkey doing nothing with that while you've still got 80,000 of it outstanding.


That doesn't feel right either. Okay. Yeah. But, but also not addressing this need that you've got, this desire you've got to be at home doesn't feel right. And So I I think somewhere in there along Rachel's suggestion is the, is the proper answer. But I, I wanna take the, I'm with Rachel, I wanna take the, the guilt thing of are you doing irreparable harm? No, you're not doing irreparable harm. You just kind of gotta think through. I spent a lot of who I am in money, time, debt, effort, brain power to be a lawyer and to cut that off completely, even for just two years feels pretty extreme.


Yeah. And Nicole, and everyone's obviously created so differently, but considering what you've done and, and as you listed all that, Dave, I was thinking like, you know, you might look up in six months and be like, oh my gosh, I'm, I'm crazy. I'm not happy 'cause I need some output. You know, so you may find that in you how you're wired, you're gonna want to do something as well. Yeah. And so that's, that's a possibility too. So you're doing great, Nicole. You're doing so good. You're gonna be okay. You're gonna do good. You got, you're asking the right questions.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean, but I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade. Look, let's be real. With everything that's been going on, staying on track with your money gets tough between bills trying to pay off debt, saving money. Honestly, it's a lot and I've been there. That's why I'm excited to tell you that Dave Ramsey and I are hosting a free live stream on January 23rd to help you Take control of your money in 2025. Plus, Rachel Cruz and George Kamel are also gonna join us for a live q and a where you can finally get your money questions answered on the spot. And check this out, you could win $4,000 in cash. It's a giveaway. Imagine what you could do with all that money. All you've got to do to enter the giveaway is to sign up for the live stream. That's it. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream and sign up today.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY. Personality is my co-host today. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host. This is Common Sense for your dollars and cents concept Congress Can't grasp, it's called The Ramsey Show. Thank you for being with us. The number's triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Aaron is with us in Las Vegas. Hi Aaron, how are you? Good guys. Thanks so much for having me. I really appreciate it. Sure, our pleasure. How can we help? Well, My wife and I love the show. We've gone through FPU, we're in baby step six right now, so we're super excited about that. But a couple months ago our situation changed. I'm currently in the process of being diagnosed with a very rare form of muscular dystrophy.


Oh. And wow. So just what, just wanna say in the process, I've had a genetics test that's a possible match. My doctor is 90% sure and I've done a biopsy, but next week I actually find out the results of the biopsy. And so we've obviously done the baby steps. We're in a good situation that way. But I guess my question is what insurance and what type of long-term planning would you suggest in this? And I guess, am I too late to get to the party to get insurance in this sort of situation now? Life insurance?


Yes. Yes. You're too late to the party. Yeah. Okay. All Sorry, the, and then how you plan for it would be based on, I, I don't know anything about muscular dystrophy in this millennial. I mean, I remember sure. Like the telethon when I was a kid or something. And that was, that was one of the dinosaurs roamed the earth. And I don't know what this prognosis means for you, do you or what, what do you understand? So far it's, I know it's very rare. There's less than a thousand people in the US that have what I have. And it's, I'm, I'm fully functional right now, but it's possible in the next 10 to 15 years I could be in a wheelchair and I could lose a breathing function.


So I'd have to have a, a respiratory device. Okay. Oh, Aaron, I'm so sorry. Oh wow. Thank you and then that following that stage, it probably doesn't end well, I'm guessing It is very possible, yes. Continues to deteriorate. Or does it plateau off with a breathing device? It, it can plateau, but more than likely it will deteriorate from there. How old are you? I'm 46. Okay. Alright. So we're talking about 60 years old, give or take. Exactly. Okay. All right. I'm sorry, man, that's hard to face. Something like that. I'm, do You guys have kids?


No, we did not. Okay. Okay. How's your wife? She's so supportive. Very, very, very awesome. Yeah, she's great. Well, I, I think one of the things I'll tell you from working with families, I don't know anything about the medical world except that they call it practicing medicine for a reason. They're practicing. And so things, in other words, things change and extra opinions and continuing to study and continuing to argue with the what's in front of you is good. Not in a denial way, but just not accept that that one guy says, okay, you're gonna be gone in six months, and you go, well, maybe not, maybe I'm gonna try this.


And, you know, so on. So, you know, you're gonna, you're gonna con you're gonna become an expert on this. Dad blame it, you know, to be an advocate for yourself. So I, I'm gonna tell you to continue to do that and don't just accept one thing and walk away. I don't think you were going to anyway, but second, third, fourth, and later on eighth opinions, just keep working the problem. Now, while you're doing that, there is, I have perceived in others, not myself, I've not experienced this. Okay. So just like someone calls me up and says, I've got a, a stage four cancer diagnosis and they're giving me four months to live.


Okay? That call has come in here over the years, several times. Or I've actually sat with people in a room where they were telling me this stuff and they're, they're already have processed the emotions and now are going, okay, what the flip do I do? Kind of thing. All right. So that's why you're calling. So in, in that case, what I found is, is that facts are your friends. And so there, there is a tremendous peace that comes from having your spiritual house in order, number one. But then number two, getting your house in order financially. And you say, okay, if this unfolds, I got about this many years and we're talking wheelchair, and then I got about this many years on a breathing device, and if it doesn't stop deteriorating, I've got this many years.


And so you, you okay, based on that, I'm gonna lay out a plan and then if I get a different result, I'll change the plan. But if you go ahead and make sure, okay, I got a will in place. I'm gonna investigate and find out and make sure Dave's right about life insurance. I'm going to say, this is our wealth building plan. We're gonna continue to pay off the house, we're gonna do this and this and this. And you, you know, you, you, the more detail, it sounds ridiculous, but the more detail you say, given this diagnosis, this is the exact plan. Once that detail's in place, it gives you just like a release, you know, a sense of peace.


But having the medical be chaotic and the financial future being chaotic simultaneously is almost more than some folk can bear. So I'm gonna encourage you to do what, continue the journey you started with this phone call, and that is really detail out exactly what, how, what is your version of the baby steps facing this rare for form of muscular dystrophy. Dystrophy. Because it's almost chronic in that it's not, it's not a, a one year or two year diagnosis, it's a 15 year or 20 year diagnosis. Right? And So today it is, anyway, it may change next week and it may change for the better next week. So facts are your friends details in the financial arena are not you being cold.


They're giving your wife peace and you peace and then you can turn back around and concentrate on being well. Does that make any sense at all? No, it, it, it totally does. And just hearing about this, I mean, we found out in March, and like you said, it's, it's about, you know, emotionally trying to register it and then trying to figure out what the facts are. Yeah. And I feel like we're at that place right now. And now I'm going, oh wait, I have to plan about the future now and figure that out. Yeah. Which is why, like you said, I called. Yeah. And it's a different, it's a different future than it was in March. And truthfully, there may be a, a a a treatment that comes a year from now, you know, and then the the the thing changes again.


Yeah. Because you're not gonna stop studying this. You're living it, you know, Aaron, do you guys know medical bills? Have they given you guys any direction like your insurance? Do you guys know financially at all what the costs will be at certain stages of this? We do not. Okay. And it, it's because it's So rare, so rare. There's still, I mean, it's just being discovered sort of thing. So I, I'm in a research study right now. Good. That just put me in one to hopefully take care of some of the medical bills, but also figure what this thing out and how it does in the long term. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Well I could tell you this, you know, continuing a, a big old pile of money in your 401k and a paid four house is still gonna help the situation.


So that part didn't really change. Right. Right. I mean, it, it, it, it's if you live with this deterioration and disability or you don't and you leave her with the situation, either way, a big old pile of money in a paid four house ain't gonna be bad. Right? True. So, you know, we could keep working four and six. You know, the only question is in between like Rachel's saying, do we need to pile up some cash for interim treatments or treat, you know, we're gonna fly to got it, check a Slovakia because there's a treatment there that's not covered by insurance. Heck, I'm going, man, heck, we're paying off the house. Get on an airplane, let's go. You know, and we'll change, redistribute that cash in a different way out of the budget.


And of course you're gonna anticipate your income changing potentially as well as you go along. And so all of that goes with it. But just, you know, keep adjusting the plan, but the more detail the plan is, the more peace she's gonna have, you're gonna have. And then you can turn in your energy around to fighting the disease instead of fighting the money. And that's what people that are like with a cancer diagnosis are doing as well. So, man, I'm so sorry. And Aaron, we're here for you. We're not going anywhere. If you need something you call anytime. We'll, we'll, and tell your wife to call if, if you for some reason aren't able to get on the phone, we'll help any way we can. Thanks for calling man. I'm sorry.


Hey, what's going on? Dr. John Delony here. I'm excited for our next money and marriage getaway coming up over Valentine's Day weekend 2025. This is your chance to invest in your marriage, strengthen your communication, and get away from all the noise and chaos of everyday life together with your spouse. Your are worth an incredible marriage. And trust me, it's way better than the chocolates and flowers you had planned. Tickets start at $799 per couple. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash getaway to get your tickets.


Retro Cruz RAMSEY. Personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt, a free stage. Stephanie is with us. Hi Stephanie, how are you? Hi, I am good Dave and Rachel, how are you both. We're honored to have you. Where do you live? I am about 25 minutes away from Boston, Massachusetts. Awesome. How much debt have you paid off? About 105,000. Wow. Way, Way to go, kiddo. Excellent. How long did this take you? Three years and eight months. Wow. And your range of income during that time? So I started at about 60,000 and I ended at 115,000. Excellent. And what do you do for a living?


So I work for a hospital. I'm a manager in it. Good For you. Okay, cool. And what kind of debt was the 105,000? So it was everything, Dave, about 360 thou $60 was medical. I had 3,100 in a car loan, 6 60, 200 personal loan, 7,000 in credit card debt. And the biggest was my student loans. It was about 88,000. Wow. Wow. Okay. Very cool. Okay, tell us your story. What happened three years and eight months ago that put you on this journey? So I've, I've been living with debt since I was 18, So I, from the first time I got a credit card, I just, How, how old are you now? 36. Okay. So it took me 18 years to get here. Okay. But, so 2018, I, like I said, I'd been struggling for many years and, you know, I'd really have been praying and asking God to really help me because I never knew how to budget.


Just was outta control, didn't know what to do. So September, 2018, I was home on maternity leave. I had my third child and I was actually searching for sermons really, to watch on YouTube. And then in my feed it came, this couple video came up and the title was Dave Ramsey Ruined Our Lives. And so I had never saw the couple before and never watched them ever. And I never heard your name. So, but it, it was a pretty, you know, good looking couple, sharp couple. So I decided to watch and they proceeded to say how, you know, they, from the time they started your program, they were getting outta debt. I mean, you know, selling things left and right, living on rice and beans, not going out, just, you know, making sacrifices to live the life that they wanted to live ultimately.


And So I, you know, sat and I believe it was Divine Connection, I believe God led me to that video. And so as I was watching, I said, wow, like they can do it, I can do it too. So I started searching for you on YouTube. At that time, I just saw a lot of the short videos, the seven to 10 minute clips. I didn't know you had a show, but I just started digging into those, learned about these, you know, the seven baby steps I learned about, you know, just what you teach, what you practice. And it all made sense. Like I said, I was on maternity leave, So I only had, I was making half of my income at the time because I was, it was just using my vacation time to try and spread the time out. So I downloaded the every dollar app and I couldn't really start the budget until October.


That's when I went back to work. But I had the budget in place, I listened to, you know, Rachel Cruz and all the material that you guys put out there and tried to do my budget as best I could. And so once I went back to work in October, my budget was set and I, you know, I pretty much hit the ground running. I initially started out, I was, you know, picking up Instacart shifts, you know, even with sometimes my little kids in the car. And my daughter, I, I would work full-time during the day and I picked up a temp agency job, you know, at, at the evening. So we were home, it was during Covid, so you know, kids running around in the background. But I'm doing a temp agency job and I also, you know, delivered pizza for Dominoes.


You know, a short while. Fast forward to 2020 December, 2020 I interviewed and got a, got a position at another hospital. So that jumped me up in my pay about 20,000. And the next year, 2021, about November, I got a promotion to manager. So, and that jumped me up as well. So that has been my journey up, you know, through 2018 to Wow. Now, Golly, You worked your tail off, kiddo. I, I was, and you know what? I believed in the vision. I believed what you taught. And I, from that first pan off that first credit card, just seeing how free, you know, how a little bit of, you know, space in my budget and I said, wow, this really works.


And I was determined regardless of what people said, I was determined that I was gonna do it, not just for myself and my, my kids to leave a legacy. And that's really why I, I kept going, Wow, congratulations. That's a big, very proud of you. That's a big deal. I mean, you know, we get all different types of debt-free screams on the stage and we celebrate them all. But you doing this with little ones over three years, working all these shifts, I mean, you've done the hard work. You've done it. Congratulations. Thank you. Incredible. Absolutely Incredible. That's beautiful. What do you tell people, the secret to getting out of debt is, it sounds like seven extra jobs. Well, and perseverance, but I think the biggest thing is a mindset. Mindset change.


You know, people that I talk to and I let them, I share my journey with, they're happy for me. But, you know, a lot of what I hear is, you know, you'll never be out of debt. You're always gonna have debt. And I, by soaking myself into your show, you know, listening, watching all the debt-free screams that have come across the stage, you know, watching the Everyday Millionaire, you know, like listening to all these people that have done it and they live debt free. It is possible. So I think it requires a mindset shift, you know, being around different people listening, but realizing that it is possible, but also perseverance. I mean, regardless of what comes, I mean, I had life happen during those three and, you know, eight months. So, but it's perseverance, being willing to persevere through and trusting God in the process.


Yeah. Because once you've committed to it, he will see you through the end. Amen. Amen. Well done. Very, very, very well done. Who are your biggest cheerleaders? I would say a little bit of everybody. I mean, my mom is here, my family, they all supported me through this journey. My coworkers at work. When I, at the time when I could pick up oncall shifts, they would, they would know I was on this journey. And so they would, you know, help me out, you know, send me there oncall shifts. But I think the biggest one is my oldest daughter during Covid. She was my babysitter when I had to pick up the shifts, she was my babysitter and she sacrificed a lot, but she knew what, what we were after. She knew the reason why we sacrificed and she was willing to delay gratification for a season so that we could be here today, you know, and become debt free.


So I would say she's my biggest out of, out of everyone. Hmm. My biggest supporter, my biggest cheerleader. Was it worth it? Absolutely. Absolutely. How's it feel to be free? Amazing. I cashflow this trip here. It wasn't cheap and, but I, I didn't stress the money's there. It's absolutely amazing. And I wouldn't, I, I wouldn't trade anything for the world. I would do it again if I had to. And you don't have any payments. That's the beauty of no. Making 115 hundred $20,000 a year. Yes. And the ability to pick up and do whatever you need to do. 'cause you've proven that to yourself. Absolutely. And to your kids. So your kids got to witness a warrior princess. That's beautiful. Amen. Yeah. You got after it kiddo.


You really got after it. Well done. Amen. Very, very well done. Congratulations. Thank you. You're a good mom. Absolutely. You're a good mom. We got a copy of Baby Steps Millionaires for you. That is definitely the next chapter in your story. You are on your way. Thank you. And a copy of the Total Money Makeover for you to give away to someone who was inspired by your story that you run into. 'cause I'm sure you've talked about it some and of course Financial Peace University. We want you to go through the class we just launched the new videos. The best, best class we've ever had at Financial Peace right now available. It's one year membership will Give you that as well. Thank you. If you've been through it and you wanna give it away, that's fine. We're happy to have you pass it on, however you wanna do it. It's very, very good. Alright, bring the kiddos up and tell us their names and ages.


So I have Nia. Sonia is 15 years old. Emmanuella, she is five. And my youngest one Atara, she's three years old. All Love it. Beautiful. Very, very, very well done. Alright, Stephanie from Boston Mass, three years and eight months to pay off 105,063 jobs. I'm exaggerating A tiny bit, but not much. And some help from the teenage daughter that's just beautiful. 60 to 115,000 income during that time. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. Three, three. Two. Two. What? We're at three. Yeah.


Well done. Oh man. Man, she made me tear up. She gets it. I got the circle, she gets it and she pushed it through. That's beautiful. Oh, very, very well done. That that lady, that lady is such hard work force of nature right there, man. That's what you have to do. Mom's like that. The, she said it beautifully. What's it take? It takes a mindset change. I know, I know. And you have the, and you know it's not forever, It's a mindset change. But in those moments, in those nights, it's hard to leave and she still did. I'm gonna live like no one else so that later I can live and give like no one else. This is The Ramsey Show.


Between Christmas shopping and holiday get togethers, investing might be the last thing on your mind. But there are certain things you might need to take care of before the year ends. And you don't have to do it alone. The Smart Vista program can connect you with a financial advisor near you. Whether you've got questions about retirement planning, required distributions, or anything in between, a smart Vestor Pro will walk you through what you need to know. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster to get connected. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


The best way to make the most of your money is to make your money. Do what you want it to do instead of wondering where it went. Tell your money what to do instead of wondering where it went. Most people in this life live actively, but people who are proactive, who happen two things intentionally, are the ones that we call successful people. In the wealth building world, if you're gonna happen to your money, you do that with a budget and every dollar is the budget that'll help you do it. It's the app that's free in the app store in Google Play. Download every dollar, get the premium version while you're at it and start working with your spouse, working the baby steps, working paycheck planning. There's all kinds of tools inside this thing. They're gonna help you do the RAMSEY system more efficiently and it really sets it up to win. Go to everydollar.com or Download the EveryDollar app for free in the app store or Google Play today.


Dorothy is with us in Fort Myers, Florida. Hi Dorothy, how are you? Hi David. Hi Rachel. Thank you for taking my call. And I'm in Naples, just so you know. Okay, cool. How can we help today? Well I unfortunately am a widow. My husband committed suicide last year. Oh My gosh, sorry. And I would really appreciate it if you'd let me borrow your Magoo glasses to see my way through my mess. I'm so sorry. Wow. Me too, me too. It was certainly something that we weren't expecting and now I'm, you know, I have a lot of debt and I wanna get rid of it.


And I have some very specific questions for you. One of them is I have an IRA that has some money in it. That was part of his, do you know what the drop is? Have you heard of that term? Okay. How, How much is in the IRA? It's not a lot. It's about 40 grand, about 40 k and It's not, and it's not invested in anything that's earning us and earning me anything. How Old are you? I'm 57. Okay. And what is your career? I don't have one. My husband wanted me to be his playmate when he retired and we had a, a granddaughter who was born with some complications and So I stopped working to help, you know, get her through that.


And he just didn't want me to go back to work, So I didn't. And so we played and we accumulated a lot of stuff and I know I can sell that stuff to get into a much better financial situation and it's just taken some time to kind of sort through. Sure. Sorry, S okay. To kind of sort through everything and I wasn't expecting to get emotional. Yeah. Sort through everything and get some clarity in all of it, you know, So I know I need to get a job. I do know that. And I, I, I want one and I, I've, I've already started looking for one and it's kind of hard not knowing what to do because I have no technical skills whatsoever because I've been out of work for so long.


I'm a personal person So I know, you know, like customer service and things of that nature I should do pretty well at. Yeah. So I'm, I plan on doing that right away and I plan on selling several assets right away. It's just taken me some time to get there. I understand. I already downloaded your EveryDollar app and So I'm, you know, working with that right now. What is the most pressing thing you have today that we can help you with? Well, I, you know, I still have our two trucks that I have payments on and I have some credit card debt. And that was one of the questions I wanted to ask.


Do you have any, do you have any cash other than this 40 K? No, sir. Okay. How are you, how are you paying light bill and food bill and all that? His pension. I, oh, I, I get, yeah. And that's supposed to die. How, How much is his, how much is his pension? I a year or monthly? Either monthly it's fi just under 5,500. And for annual it's like 65 9. And how much is your house payment? My house payment is 1900. I, I always Pay 2000. And how long does the pension last? The pension is gonna end in less than five years. Okay. Alright, good. So we got a really good plan here.


You can survive, I think, so monthly you can survive and have been monthly on the 55 with the every dollar budget. That's very possible. We may or may not use the 40. We'll see, prefer to wait till after 59 if we can. Okay. And you're gonna get rid of the truck payments by getting rid of the trucks and getting you a car you can afford and you're gonna start the next chapter of your life. You're a wee 57-year-old. You have a lot left. Lot left. This is your chapter two. This is act two. After the curtain comes back up, we took a bow. It's an encore. Didn't turn out like we thought he was going to. The story takes a twist, a rather tragic turn, and the heroine steps forward with her shield and her sword.


Okay, Thank you. Thank you. That's you, that's where you're going. Yeah. And so what's gonna happen is three years from today, you're gonna be booming as the biggest real estate agent in Naples or whatever it is you choose to do. Okay. And you're gonna be laughing about this little tiny pension, but it survived you, it sustains you when it should have and that was good. But it's certainly not your future. You are your future. Okay? Right. Mathematically, you are emotionally, you are spiritually, you are. Yes. Financially. You definitely are. So you're the se you're the secret sauce to the equation and you're up to it. You can do it. I can tell by talking to you. I mean, you're, you're, you're hurting, but any normal human be hurting with what you've gone through, honey.


But I, I think there's a lot going on inside Dorothy. So Yeah. How much debt, Dorothy, you, you mentioned that, you know, you guys kind of just traveled and, and bought stuff and racked up some debt. Yeah. I'm just curious, what, what all is the debt? How much credit card debt is it? I have about, it's actually $18,306 and 38 cents. Okay. And what other debt is there? I have the, the house is just a little over a hundred thousand. That'll be under a hundred after September's payment. I have two trucks totaling 21,000 and an rv. That's at 15. Yeah. So the trucks in the RV are gone and get you a reasonable car, but That's it.


Right. Okay. And then we're not plow through plow through the credit cards. Is there anything else? The credit card? No. Okay. I mean, just monthly payments of course. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Alright, here's what we're gonna do. Okay. I'm gonna load you up with homework. Are you ready to go to school? Yes sir. Alright. Alright. Can I ask you one more quick question? Yes ma'am. You might Now I'll wait till you're done and then maybe I'll ask No, you go ahead. Go ahead, go, go right now ahead. Well, I re I the, i I had already taken one of the credit cards and put it on a 0% for 18 months and I'm plugging away at that one. The other one has an interest rate. It's the one that's at only at 6,000.


Would it behoove me to transfer that to a 0% for 18 months? Doesn't matter. You can if you want, you can if you want, but that's not your problem. Your problem is, your problem is getting the income up above and having your future lined out. And once you see that, then you can turn up the heat and just get rid of them. And the interest rate doesn't matter when you're paying aggressively on them. So if you want to, it's okay. Yeah. But it's not really the answer to your situation at all. So hold on. Christian's gonna pick up, we're gonna put you into Financial Peace University. We're gonna provide you with a financial coach. All is our gift, okay. Where people of the book and the book instructs us to take care of widows and orphans. And we will do that today.


Okay? So you're gonna get that. I'm also gonna send you Ken Coleman's book, the Find the Work you're wired to do. It has in it and assessment. I want you to take the assessment. I want you to start the process of dreaming about what the new future looks like for Dorothy. What is it you wanna be when you grow up? You're just a wee 57-year-old. Just a tiny little one. You can do it, you can do it. And, and Dorothy, and I'm so proud of you. Can we just say too, you haven't messed anything up, right? When people go through tragedy, we even tell 'em just to pause. Yeah. You're doing good for even a year, right? So like you, you've, you're not behind. Yep. All of it. I know it probably feels very overwhelming, but you've done the right thing.


Hey guys, and you're smart. I'm sorry if you, if you want to hear the next 40 minutes of the show, it's on the RAMSEY app. The Ramsey Network app. So you can download that for free in the App store or Google Play. Make sure you jump over and get it there. If you wanna listen to all three hours or watch all three hours, you can always do that on the Ramsey Network app. It's completely free, doesn't cost you a thing. So the last 40 minutes of the show, now if you're on talk radio, it's still there, right? Right where it always has been. But if you're on podcast or YouTube, it's on the Ramsey Network app. In the App store or Google Play. It's completely free. This is The Ramsey show.


What up? What up? It's Dr. John Delony from The Dr. John Delony Show with some amazing news. The latest episode of United States of Anxiety is available right now exclusively on the Ramsey Network app. This docuseries follows real people from my show as they embark on a 90 day journey to transform their lives. And I personally walk alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. And don't forget to click the link in the show notes to download the app. What's up Kelsey? So I've lived with crippling anxiety for as long as I can remember. How do I stop it from constantly coming up in different areas of my life? What does crippling anxiety mean? Paint me a picture of that. All right, so you ready to jump in? I'm ready to jump in. We're gonna check in with Kelsey. 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. I cannot even function because I am just crying. My mom left us when I was four. I truly felt like for a while I had no family. She's Experiencing things that really hurt a long time ago. Tell me about this boy. He triggers me a lot. Scared of losing. And Paul scared of doing the wrong thing. Scared of not being enough. It just feels like it would be exhausting to be Kelsey. It is. Whenever somebody's playing whack-a-mole with their anxiety, when it just keeps moving, that tells me the underlying system's not okay. How do I get my inner child out of this relationship? 'cause I feel like she's running the show. One of two people that's supposed to never leave took off. I was this, I was this burden. You Burden that's right to the one person who should carry it. All of it. Did you ever tell that little girl that it wasn't her fault? I don't know what to do. Do you either have to choose to let this guy love you or you gotta choose to let this guy go.