
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, George Campbell, Ramsey personality number one bestselling author of the book, breaking Free from Broke and Co-host of the Smart, Money Happy Hour Ramsey Network Production. He's my co-host here. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Kristen's in Austin, Texas. Hey Kristen, how are you? I'm doing great, Thank. you Good? How can we help? Well, I have very close son of mine who has done a lot of good work as an electrician.


Doesn't have a lot of debt, but he is asking about tax lien investing and I. Guess his goal is obviously to make some more money, but also to get into real estate. I guess a little easier in a way, but I just kind of wanted to know your take on tax lien investment. Okay, he's asking you about it. Well, he, okay, so he's telling me what he's thinking about doing. Okay. How old? How old is he? He's 24. Okay. Alright. This falls and I can explain to you what it is and how it works and I'm happy to do that for the, especially for the benefit of our audience.


but it, lemme tell you where he found it. He found it on TikTok with the Get Rich, quick, easy, nothing down Real Estate people. Probably That that's where he found it because that's the only place anybody talks about this subject. And they do it to get clicks and views 'cause it sounds amazing and it sounds too good to Be true. Or the course for $3,000 on how to get Rich buying foreclosure real estate and doing tax liens. Okay? Right. And by the way, this is the same exact line they used. Wait a minute, Kristen, how old are you? I am 43.


Okay. You're barely old enough to remember infomercials. You remember those? I do. Okay. It's the same line they were using back then. The only difference now is it's cool 'cause it's on TikTok. Okay? And it's on Instagram and it's on whatever, but it's still the same genre of stuff. Can you buy a piece of real estate at foreclosure at a bargain? Yes. I used to do it for a living in my twenties and I bought a lot of real estate since then that was distressed in one way or another at a deal. It is, however, one property out of 200, we consider 200 properties to buy one.


Okay? It's not like I walked out my back door and the sun came out and I looked over there and there was a foreclosure and I bought it. It is actual hard work expertise needle in a haystack. Okay? Can you buy tax liens and turn them into real estate and into profit? Yes. The likelihood of your 24-year-old doing it is really close to zero. It's really complicated. It only works in a couple of states. Here's the way it works. Some states will sell if someone's behind on their property taxes, the state or the municipality, the local village or city takes a lien on the property for back property taxes.


They sell that to someone. In some states, my state, they do not do that. You can't buy tax liens in Tennessee. Okay? But they, they, so if I lived in Tennessee, I'd have to be buying them somewhere other than where I live. Problem number one. Okay? Problem number two is you're buying a tax lien. Okay? Now let's say that you foreclosed on the tax lien and the people that owe the pro that own the property do not pay off the tax lien. And you end up with the property, the property is worth $250,000 and they have a $270,000 mortgage.


Okay? You know what? You got nothing honey, Right? Nothing. You got, you got a $250,000 property with a $270,000 lien on it. You don't want that. It has no value, okay? Right? So you would have to find a property tax lien that is delinquent on a property that actually has equity. Oh, now we've really made this difficult, oh, and wait a minute. Almost all of these states with property tax liens have a two year or a one year right? Of redemption. Now let's take this a state further. You find a piece of property needle in a haystack that actually doesn't have a lien on it. Probably not in your state of Texas, I'm pretty sure Texas does not sell them.


And so then you've actually buy this 250,000 property. Maybe it's only got a hundred thousand dollars mortgage on it. Now you've got $150,000 in equity. But you gotta pay the a hundred thousand dollars mortgage to keep the property that you just became the owner of or they'll foreclose on. You follow me? Oh wow. Okay. This is a problem. Yes. And, and then on top of that, you become the owner of it. But the, the old guy that didn't pay his taxes has one year or two years to come back and redeem it for by paying the taxes plus 10% or 15% interest. So you can do absolutely nothing with that property except pay this mortgage payment for the next year and a half to two years and you're 24 years old, this is suicide.


Oh yeah, absolutely. Okay. Can it be done? Yeah. You need a real pile of money. A lot of patience, a lot of expertise and the ability to do a lot of work to actually find this needle in a haystack. Is there a way? So can you do it? I've actually bought two of these in my life. I've owned about 2000 pieces of real estate in my life. and I have, I've actually bought two of these and as you can tell, I've done it. I know how it works. It's a freaking nightmare. I'm not buying one ever Again. Haven't done it since. No thank you. Too much trouble. Too much risk. I did look it up Dave. Too much timeframe. I hope I explained it well enough that it sound doesn't sound like a barrel on a fish Hooks George. So Texas has redeemable tax de, so it's different than, you're right, there are no, you can't buy tax liens, but you can get these redeemable tax deeds and you're right, there's a redemption period.


They can come back. Okay? so I houses Is probably disre repair. They do sell the Deed then. Okay, so it's a little, yeah, it's a little different, But it, but it does not clean the title. People. Meaning if there's a mortgage on it, it stays there. Property tax foreclosures in zero states, clean the title. If a first mortgage forecloses, the second and third mortgage are now wiped out, it cleans the title. You get a clean title. If you buy a foreclosure in a second mortgage position, you inherit the first mortgage. If you buy a property at a tax lien sale or create a tax lien sale, you inherit all the mortgages, including the IRS liens from the guber who also didn't pay his IRS taxes 'cause he didn't pay his property taxes.


You think these things might walk hand in hand. You can bet they do. I'm guessing the house could be in disrepair as well. Y'all think on top of, We haven't paid any of our taxes or our mortgages and we're so far behind that and, and then I'm gonna sit there and maintain the house, pay all these bills for two years and then he can come back and redeem the thing for 10 cents over what I paid for it. No, thank you. And if this was a moneymaking scheme, there's gonna be banks, hedge fund managers, real estate investors with deep pockets going after these Now, you know, So you've got some competition even Then. It's been going on for years. People and people. I will say again, it is possible to go down this rabbit hole and get out with a handful of money, but it's just, it's juice Ain't worth the squeeze.


They said It's a 24-year-old got on TikTok and thought he found a way to make easy money. And I'm just here to say no. You'd be better off delivering pizza. You'd end up with more. This is The Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All right, we all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student, a graduate student, or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I guarantee you there are things that you loved learning about over the years. Gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us love learning about new things. Anything except about ourselves This fall, I want to challenge you, become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you get so angry when this happens? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you. It helps you regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about yourself and the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for just about any schedule. All you do is fill out a brief online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist and you can change your therapist at any time for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/delony.


George Kamel. Ramsey personality's my co-host today. Ryan is in Grand Rapids. Hi Ryan, how are you? Good. how are you guys? Better than we deserve. What's up? So I'm about to graduate my, with my bachelor's in computer networking and I'm just looking to figure out how, if I'm good enough to get married or get engaged, I have about three K in savings. I'm about $25,000 in debt. So is she and I just, I make about 800 bucks a week for right now. But I do have a job lined up after don, don't know the exact pay, but I know it'll be above 60,000 A job lined off a job. Lined up after what?


After I graduate. When are you graduating again? December. Okay. When are you thinking about getting married? This winter. Hopefully after December. and I married After December, Engaged after December. I plan like maybe like early either January or February for the engagement and then August for the actual ceremony. So by then you will have been working eight months at a $60,000 job and you have a $25,000 debt. Correct. And I just didn't know if I should start attacking the debt first before I like buy a ring or do I wait until I have the ring and then start working through all of the debt?


Well, how long have you guys been dating? A year and a half. Okay. A year and a half was yesterday. Have you guys talked about marriage at all? A lot. Yeah. What's her financial situation? She is a CNA and she works, she works there and she has an apartment. She also has about 20 K in debt and then she plans on going to community college in the winter to go for nursing. Okay. so what is y'all's plan and view of debt and budgeting going forward? If you're married? We're both, we both listen a lot to you and I. My parents are also like, use your way to get out of debt with their small business and stuff.


So we know the right way to do it. It's just about when do we start doing, going through those steps. Do we get married first or do we do it individually and then get married? And, we know the whole, we, we both have the same philosophy of combine everything. It's us, it's us, it's us, not you and me. Well, each of you would be doing the baby steps on your own and then as soon as you're married we combine finances, And, we attack it together and it usually goes faster at that point. Okay. Yes. So if you wanted to say, I'm not gonna pay off the debt, I'm gonna save up, get a ring, we're gonna save up in cashflow the wedding, and then we're gonna attack this debt together. You could do that As long as you're aligned on the, the belief and where you're going, that's all that matters. I don't care how broke you are when you get married.


Okay? What I care about is where you're headed, not where you are. Okay. Okay. Now, if you're broke and planning to, and she's planning to get broker or you're planning to get broker, like, you know, I, I think I'm gonna make $800 for the rest of my life. Yeah, no, I'm gonna be her dad and tell her not to marry you. Yeah. Until you get up off your butt borrowing some money. But you got a good job lined up. You're graduating, she's got a career move lined up. We're gonna knock out this combined $20,000 worth of debt with a combined a hundred thousand dollars household income next year when you're married. Yeah. I think that's a wonderful thing. So obviously the ring doesn't need to be anything super fancy, but you Can always upgrade later.


Yeah. Well I did. Yeah. Sharon, Sharon gr married me with a spec. It was so small, it was unmeasurable. No, it was actually a 0.23 karat, which means you needed a magnifying glass to find the freaking thing. We set it in the safe the other day and all thought we lost it. It just, it that small. It's that small. It's small. Well, the one she has now, I've seen it. It's blinging. It's a headlight now. Yeah. But that's 40 years later and one bankruptcy later. So she gets whatever she wants now. Mm. But yeah, you can get married by the way, there is zero research on the size of the ring as a correlation to the quality and and constancy of the marriage, the success of the marriage.


As a matter of fact, there might be an inverse correlation. so I thought I saw that with how much you spend on the wedding. Like same thing you spent an inordinate amount on the wedding could hurt the chances there's Something there. Same thing. Inordinate amount on the ring. Same thing. Oof. But but there's no, there's no actual data on it. It's just, but lots of people got married with very inexpensive weddings and very inexpensive rings and have a long, wonderful life together. Barbara's in Atlantic City. Hey Barbara, how are you? I am good Dave. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Thanks for taking the call. Sure. Okay. I recently got engaged, we're an older couple and my fiance has a home on a, in a shore town.


He's had it for about 30 years, but he has a reverse mortgage on it. I saw the paperwork and he owed, I guess it said that the total for the, the reverse mortgage right now is about 386,000. That was in July. Good Lord. Well, I'm not done. I know he was in a lot of credit card debt, but someone's helping him get out of that. I saw him right in front of me, cut up one of his credit cards. He works four days a week. He just got taken down to two days a week and he is upset and anxious and nervous.


And I think in New Jersey, if I was to when we were to get married, it, it, it's half, I'm a little nervous. Excuse me. Everything's half credit cards I guess this home. See, the thing is, is that being in a shore town, if he was to sell the house, he would get over a million dollars for it so he could get out of the reverse mortgage, but he'd have to move and he doesn't wanna do that. So he is trying to reverse the reverse mortgage now. So my question is, is should I walk ahead into this thing? I'm a Christian, he's a Christian and I'm just not sure if we should hold off on the wedding or I would like to sit down with someone, the two of us, some realtor mortgage person that I know rather than go with he had already gone with somebody who I never heard of.


and I think they're not even accessible. You know, you get them through the phone or some, you know, something like that. You're so quiet. Well, what is it you're wanting to accomplish here? I'm confused. Well, I want, I love this man and I would like to see us spend the rest of our lives together. but It sounds like to me that he has a pattern of financial irresponsibility and not working much. How old is he? 75. Okay, well that's understandable then that he is not working a lot. He's past retirement age, so to speak. And how is he, how is, if he took out a $300,000 traditional mortgage to pay off the reverse mortgage on this property, how is he going to pay the payment?


Well, I think that's what he's upset about now is because he just lost two days out of the four days that he's worked. And of course he has social security. If he's working those four days, how would he pay that payment Through that and social security? That's, he's making plenty of money in the four days. I don't think So. Do you know what he makes? What does he do for work? I He works at a furniture store, a seashore furniture store. So You're talking about a $4,000 a month house payment here. He's gonna lose the house. so I think he, there's no, well, he wants to keep it and he doesn't wanna sell it. He has to sell it.


He's broke in 75. So you're gonna be signing up for some of this money, stress, and you can choose to do that. don don't think he's gonna be able to pay this thing off with his income in his lifetime. Don don't wanna do that. I don't want to, you know, I I just don't Mean when you get married, you're signing up for all of his problems and he's signing up for your problems. Not legally, but morally you're not. Well, I've been, Your name's not on the mortgage 20 years I've been walking with you and following you and I own my own home and I have an IRA and I don't have any credit card debt. I mean, I'm not. So if you got married and you moved into your house and sold his house, what's wrong with that?


He doesn't wanna do that. He doesn't wanna, I know he doesn't wanna do, but he can't pay the payment. He doesn't have the money From the, from the shore. Oh My goodness. Take care. If he's in the corner of the Empire State Building, he can't pay the payment. It doesn't, you know, no, no nothing. Being on the shore magically creates money into your hand to pay the monthly payment. You have to pay the monthly payment or you have to get rid of the property. And so yeah, this reverse mortgage has bit him in the butt. Now that's what it amounts to. You don't get to reverse the reverse mortgage. It doesn't work like that. The only way you reverse it is you pay payments, go get a new mortgage and pay that one off with the old one, refinance it in. And then you've got a three or $4,000 month house payment that he can't pay that has to be solved for both of your sake.


This is The, Ramsey, Show.


So what does the future hold for business? Nobody really knows. You ask nine experts, you're gonna get 10 answers. Are the robots gonna replace us all or will AI usher in a whole new world of work? But because there's no actual crystal ball, more than 38,000 businesses have future proof themselves. With NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. NetSuite brings accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions, realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. And speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. The guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Thank you for joining us America. So glad you're with us. George Kamel Ramsey personality is my co-host today. We're so glad you're here. Hey, we're going on the live like no one else. Cruise setting sale. March 22nd through the 29th. Over 90 something percent of our cabins are full. But we have a couple left if you want to come. You can still get a suite on the, get a state room on the Holland America's one of their newest ships and it is a premium Caribbean cruise. Only gonna be Ramsey people on the entire ship. Hers and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, The Bahamas, all of our Ramsey personalities, all seven of us will be on there all week long. And my wife Sharon will be with us the whole week.


And Stephen Curtis Chapman, comedian Trey Kennedy. Now this is a big deal. Trey Kennedy's like world big deal, world class chef from the food channel. Monit Shahan. She's also a big deal. And by the way, Stephen Curtis Chapman's a big deal and so is Dina Carter. And they're all gonna be there and others all week long. So it's, our friends are coming to hang out with our friends. It's a good thing. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. Check it out. Josh is in Greensville Greenville, South Carolina. Hi Josh, how are you Doing? Good. how are you Mr. Ramsey? Better Than we deserve man. What's up? Well, I'll keep it brief.


So me and my wife are actually in about 20 K worth of debt and we weren't in this shape last year, but circumstances kind of changed for us. And we've got three credit cards. Two have pretty high interest on them. And, we have a car that we bought when we actually had a little bit of money we paid cash for. And my question was, do we sell the car to pay off those two high interest rates cards and then turn around and then throw everything extra at that other card? It has no interest on it and it's a low payment. Okay, so wait a minute. You were debt free and then you ran up $20,000 on credit cards.


Yes sir. And now you wanna sell the car that's paid for that has no payment in order to knock out some of the cards. Yes Sir. Okay. W why do we, why do you believe the stupid has left your house? Well, I'll put it this way. I'm a Christian, born again and I had to repent of my money. Mismanagement along with some other things, loving my wife like Christ was being one of the others. I got a hold on that one. Or at least I'm putting forth the effort, not just saying I'm trying now. and I truly in my heart do not want to go back to where we were last year.


Rental. What did you spend this money on ma'am? Well we sold our house. We had got it under a previous administration for a very low price. Obviously administration changed And. we were able to make profit after the mortgage and everything about 90,000 and debt free with 90,000 in our savings account. And through pretty much taking that, well it wasn't 90 k debt free, which Was 90 k. Josh, what did you spend $20,000 on with credit cards? Oh, so we live in a rental And. we pay rent by pretty much working on it. And What do you spend on the credit cards?


Well about 8,000 of it was home redecoration and there we go. We doing okay On a house you don't own. Exactly. And then the rest of it was dumb decisions. What happened to the 90 K in profit? There Ain't anything here that's been a smart decision. What was the dumb decision? Well pretty much everything that we spent that money on was a dumb and the bad thing is I've been a listener for pretty Much. Okay here here's, here's why we're asking. Lemme stop. Here's why we're asking this hun. If you don't stop what puts you into the credit card debt and you sell the car, you'll repeat the pattern.


So, right. Yeah. so I need the two of you as a couple to go through Financial Peace University. We're gonna pay for it so that you guys really get a handle on doing a budget together and not spending any money that you don't have. And please don't ever spend money to fix up someone else's house ever again. I agree ever again. There's no situation that, that makes sense. None whatsoever. and I agree. And so, and anything we're going to buy from this point forward, we're gonna pay for it. Now what's your household income? Currently we make about 3,500 A month. Yes sir. Okay.


And so only one of you is working. My wife works part-time. She works mornings. And then Do you have children I Watch? Yes sir. We have an 18 month old and have another on the way. Good for you. That's exciting. Okay. Sounds like you need to work on your income side of the equation too, don't you? Yes sir. Okay. I'm actually trying to get two part-time jobs as well. One for the morning before my work. Yeah. Or my wife's working before mine and then one in the evening as well. Good for you. Those applications are pending. That's a good start. And then we need to say, okay, what are we gonna do that makes me 60, 70, $80,000 a year.


What? How are we gonna move into that in the next year and a half to two years so we don't work part-time the rest of our life to survive. Right. And I think you take your side hustles right now and you pay off the 20,000 and you keep the car. Yeah. Pay paying, you know, getting rid of the car. It's not freeing up a payment. And so all you're doing is leaving yourself without a car, without changing behavior. Exactly. Exactly. So you hang on, we'll have the team pick up and get you signed up for Financial Peace University and the EveryDollar Premium both as our gift now the two of you as a couple, sit down and work on that. And that's gonna tell you I gotta work on my income and I've gotta work on my outgo. And. we don't buy anything else we can't afford. 'cause here's the sad story.


I think I just heard we sold a house, made a bunch of profit and now we have pissed it all away. That's what I just heard. And so now with a brand new baby, we get to start again. And when we had a hundred thousand dollars in our pocket earlier 90 anyway. So yeah, the car is not your problem honey. Your income's your problem, your lack of management and is your problem and you're no. Yeah, you're like a dog. I used to have, you don't have an off button for spending. This dog would eat itself into oblivion. I mean you just, if you put food out it, it would get so fat. Mm. It was just, it did not have an off button for food. It just eat and eat and eat.


Well there's no, some people, some people that way with spending, you just spend and spend. Oh, now we can't do it anymore. Look at that. And now we gotta sell the card. Well the credit card looks like unlimited food to the dog. Exactly. That's Exactly right. We'll just keep racking it up. Doesn't have an off button. It will run your butt up into debt. I mean it'll act, act like you're in Congress or something. That's what's going on there. Madison's in Boise. Hi Madison. Welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Hi. Thanks for having me. Sure. How can we help? Okay, so I am recently divorced after 14 and a half years. I'm sorry. We have thank you. Long time coming, but it sucks. Obviously three boys, 10, eight, and six and I have 50 50 custody.


So basically we're trying, we've been trying to sell the home and both moved in. I moved into a rental home and he moved into an apartment and it's been for sale for almost two months and it may end up in foreclosure. We both don't want a foreclosure on our record. And technically, I guess foreclosure, we could end up having to file for Bankruptcy or something like that. And my ex doesn't wanna do that 'cause it'll ruin his business. and I mean. I don't wanna deal with that either. What do you owe on the house? 512,000 for the first loan and 27,000 on the second loan. What's it on the market for? Five 40 the lowest.


Just enough. Just enough to get out, huh? Yeah, we're pro. We would probably have to put five to 10,000 to, yeah. What do you make to even close on it right now? Okay, so when we got the home, I was making over a hundred, 110,000. And now I don't know my, I've been dealing with a lot of mental or emotional stuff and I don't have a stable. I have, I went from a full-time job to working from home doing my own bookkeeping and Business. What, what were you doing at the full-time job? I was controller then I was financial accountant and I was just way overworked and burnt out and couldn't handle it anymore. so I wanted to go back to working from home. and I, if I was to guess if I was caught up and I on everything and not behind, I was, I'm probably making four to 5,000 right now, but I have multiple monthly, I mean, but I have multiple clients that I could start in October, November.


What does your husband make? I have no idea what he makes. How far behind are you on the house? Two months. Okay. The second mortgage won't foreclose. The first will, the second mortgage will then come after you as an unsecured note. You're gonna be bankrupt, but you're gonna have more problems on top of this. If you guys don't get the house sold, that is where you are. so I suggest both of you make all you can make and make these payments to you can get this thing sold. It's gonna be a bigger miss if you don't handle it. Sorry, I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable.


Yeah. And What's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I the Middle? How be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is. It's terrible. And so


life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family. By taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place to cost those stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 or go to xandr.com.


Our question of the day is brought to you by we Why Refi. I'll get it out in a minute. Politicians make a lot of promises and sometimes they might even keep one or two of them. But if you're in over your head with private student loans, you can't and shouldn't rely on the government because they're private student loans. Contact Why Refi, they refinance defaulted private student loans and they give you a low fixed rate loan built for you. You can actually be current and stay current and get it paid off. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in Allstate.


Today's question comes from Ian in Maryland, the federal reserve cut interest rates recently. How long will it take for people to see any real impact from that decision? Also, my high yield savings account is paying me over 5%. Should I expect to see, see that rate to start coming down. In your opinion, which rate is more important to the economy? The rate we pay to borrow money or the rate we get paid for saving money. Few layers in this question. Let's start with the first one. How long will it take for people to see any real impact from the Fed rate cuts? Well, it depends on the type of debt. Mortgages are gonna take longer to be affected. It's not a direct relationship. Whereas things with variable rates, credit cards, student loans, car loans will be impacted sooner rather than later.


Well, my experience is credit cards don't move at all. They charge a bazillion dollars in interest and they will continue to charge exactly a bazillion dollars in interest 18, 22, 24, 20 8%, whatever it is. And they don't move that up or down based on the fed rate. The fed rate is what banks borrow money from other banks at. It's the wholesale banking rate. Okay. So if your bank is paying less to borrow money from another bank, then they don't have to charge you as much interest on the debt that they are issuing. So local bank or bank debt, credit cards are not affected at all.


Maybe home equity loans might see a little movement. Maybe car loans might see a little movement. As George said, mortgage interest rates are not determined by the Fed at all. They're determined by the bond market. Now they generally follow the Fed, but they're not, they're not directly connected in any way. It's just trending. Prevailing interest rates is all that drives that. And so a half a point drop by the Fed 45 days before a national presidential election. Hmm. Which basically does nothing, is what I'm saying. It's not gonna affect your high yield savings account probably at all.


Half a point. Yeah. May it goes from five to 4.8 if it goes from five to two. Yeah. Your high yield savings account's gonna go back down where it was when things were two. Right. But right now you're not gonna see all, all it was is it's just great and interesting political timing when the economy is like probably the number one political issue. Whether the candidates realize it or not, it's not some of the other stuff they're talking about. It's the economy we know. 'cause we're talking to you and you tell us all the time, the things I'm concerned about are, they're not talking about up there. I'm concerned about $5 gas, $5 eggs, and 7% mortgage rates. That's what I'm concerned about.


And so this one thing, this movement right here is, is actually touching on the number one item in the political landscape today. Very difficult to find in history. A troubled economy reelecting a party to the White House, they usually get booted from the White House. They get their little eviction notice by a bad economy either side. Republicans are in bad economy, Democrats come in, vice versa. Right? We see it happen. All the is that the old saying, people vote with their wallet, they do what affects them in their house. They do. So that that's what this move is about. And so the actual truth is, Ian, it's not gonna make a lot of difference in anything you're seeing.


number one, it's only a half point. Your high yield savings account will follow it because the, when your bank is paying you to save money with them, they are borrowing money from you at 5%. If they can borrow money from another bank at 2%, they're not gonna pay you 5% anymore. So when the prevailing fed rate goes down lower than your high yield savings account, substantially, they're not gonna borrow money from you anymore. 'cause they can borrow it from somebody else wholesale cheaper. But right now the fed rate is fairly close to your high yield savings account, even with the half a point drop. So they're probably not gonna monkey with it much.


But when you're saving money in a bank, remember what you're doing is you're loaning money to the bank at that interest rate. And that helps you tell why they're willing to pay that interest rate and 'cause they're borrowing money and they can then loan back out approximately 12 x whatever their deposits are according to FDIC guidelines. And so if you put a thousand dollars in there, that'll if, if you loan them a thousand dollars at 5%, that allows them to loan other people $12,000 at higher interest at a, at at 7% on their car loan. They're making a profit on the car loan and they make the spread on that. And that's exactly how banking works. It's really not much more complicated than that.


Vernon is with us in Lexington. Hi Vernon. how are you? Not too bad. how are you? Dave better than we deserve, sir. How can we help? So I'm a single dad struggling to put food on the table for my kids. Hmm. don don't have any credit card debt. Okay. I do have a auto loan that I'm majorly upside down on. I've got about $4,000 in medical debt. And probably the most embarrassing one is I haven't filed any taxes in the past. The, this coming season will be three years. I just have not had the money to file them. And I'm tired of living paycheck to paycheck ends are not meeting.


I make about $80,000 a year. I should not be this broke. I just, I need some help. Okay. When were you divorced? About six years ago. Okay. And you've never really taken control of your whole life since then. It's all kind of just happened to you. Yeah, I, I've, I've never been taught how to manage finances. don don't know anything about it. Yeah. But what you described to me was you've been coasting. Yes. Just Today you took a step to try to figure out how to fix it.


But you've been coasting. Yes. $0 in the bank at every before every paycheck. Yeah. And $80,000, you ought to have some money, shouldn't you? Yeah, you should. Yes. Yes. Are you self-employed? I don't know. I work as a 10 99 contractor. Yeah. Okay. That's what I meant. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So well the, the first thing we do is we get on a written game plan called a budget And. we make EveryDollar that comes in behave. And starting this month, you're gonna set aside 25% of EveryDollar that comes in to pay your taxes.


So if you get a thousand dollars check, you're gonna take 250 and put it in a savings account to pay your quarterly estimates on your taxes. And then you're gonna do a budget with the remaining $750 per thousand. Follow me. Okay. It'll make EveryDollar behave. And you're gonna withhold on yourself because you have no money in the bank to pay three years worth of taxes. This is a problem. Right. And I'm guessing you're gonna have somewhere around 60, $80,000 in taxes on these three years you've been making 80 a year of those three years. Pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you probably got, you know, 60 grand gonna be owed plus penalties.


Right. Okay. So now here let me, you have a tremendous responsibility as a single dad that people do not get put in jail in America for not paying their taxes. They do get put in jail for not filing them. So you have 24 hours my friend, to get it. Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on tax ELP endorsed local provider for someone in your area to sit down and you get those taxes filed. I don't want you let away in bracelets that connect.


I hope I'm scaring you. Twenty five hundred and seventy one people went to jail last year for failure to file. It is a law. It's a criminal law. Not paying is different. You can get away with not paying, you can't get away with not filing. Get your freaking taxes filed now And then get on a budget and we'll walk you through the rest of this. Hang on. We'll also send you a copy, total Money Makeover and help you with the money Part of this, you gotta get on this


buddy before we get to the next caller. I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free. Right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play. Or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel Ramsey personality number one, bestselling author of the book, breaking Free from Broke. He's my co-host today and also the host of the George Kamel Show on The. Ramsey Network. You'll see him on YouTube. Be sure and check it out. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Nancy's in Mobile Alabama. Hi Nancy, how are you? I'm good.


how are you guys? Better than I deserve. What's up? Okay, so long story short, I'm gonna make it quick. My husband and I are in our early forties. We did things a little bit backwards, but we are debt free now we have about a total of two 20 or so and 4 0 1 Ks. However, about 1 25 or so is in old 4 0 1 Ks from old jobs. What is it? Or when is it good to roll those into Roth so that we don't end up paying taxes on growth and required minimum on distributions when we get to that point?


Oh, you're asking really that obviously that 1 25 end up being question a million dollars. This is great question. Really smart. You're on top of it kiddo. Way to go. So when you said debt free, you mean your house? No, no, no, no. I wish How house household income's. What About one 30? Okay. Alright, so the original question, when do I roll A IRA or a 401k? An oh 401k. You can't touch a current 401k into a Roth and create the tax bill. So we move a hundred thousand dollars over there, we create a tax bill $25,000. Okay.


Now if you take the 25,000 out of the IRA and therefore only end up with 75,000 in the hundred 25 goes out for taxes and out of a hundred. Right. And you leave 75 in there, the 75 will only grow it. It it's a break. Even the hundred would've grown to enough to pay your taxes. Although you'd have the RMDs. So you shouldn't have done that one. So you don't take it out of the actual account to pay the taxes. number one, you would move it only when you have the cash extra to pay it outta your pocket, pay the taxes outta your pocket that has the mathematical effect of actually investing an additional 25,000 per hundred.


You follow me? Okay, I'm Follow you. So if I move the hundred over and don't reduce it, now it's growing tax free, but I gotta pay 25,000 in taxes outta my own pocket over here to the side. You follow me? Correct. So you gotta have that cash, number one. Number two, you need to bend debt free on your house before you do that. 'cause it's more important that your house is debt free than that everything's in Roth, but you'll get there pretty soon. Okay. I think that was the question. My husband's a mathematician. So like he runs the numbers. Good. And so he, he was, but we, neither one of us grew up with any financial literacy. So we are kind of new to real financial literacy. Okay. And so we're trying to like that's where I think the thing was what at what priority does that make it?


Do we just let it sit for now? Well this is not a con a completely a math problem. It's more of a data response. Okay. Okay. When we study millionaires, we find that the first one to $5 million of net worth that they have comes from their retirement savings and a paid for house. So we typically run into somebody with like 49 years old, they got 1,000,008 net worth and six or 700 of that's their house. And seven or 800 of it is a retirement account. You follow me? Correct. Which is kind of where you'll be at 50. Okay. That's about where you'll be, what's left on the mortgage, which is Just about one 70.


Yeah. So you're gonna be out of that, it'll be gone. Few, few years you'll have it knocked out. So the element that, that's what a, the profile of the typical person that gets the first one to $5 million a net worth looks like is, is that so I I wanna take you there first and then yes, you get all the benefits of having all of your accounts. Then when you got extra, you, you got no debt and nothing to do left but to invest. Well, paying the taxes on a rollover has the same mathematical effect of having invested. So we'll do the rollovers. So like for instance, today I've been in baby step seven for 30 something years. And so I, I don't have anything but Roths now.


So Now you're just trying to optimize the wealth. Exactly. Exactly. A different phase. You know, when you get to my age at 65 or something, I'm 64, a hundred percent of my retirement is in Roths. So that does a couple of things. One is not only is it growing completely tax free and say I live to be 84, that money's gonna be, it's gonna double like four more times if I don't touch it all tax free. That's pretty cool. I have no required minimum distributions at 72 and a half now. 'cause the government already got their taxes. I Ross don't have required minimum distributions. Only traditional. so I don't have to start pulling money outta my account unless I want to. Oh, and here's the cool part that I didn't even think about when I did all of it and I, but now I'm getting into it a little bit.


When you have an inherited IRA, you have to pay all the taxes on the inherited I traditional I RRA or 401k in 10 years. Mm. Under the new secure act under, So grandma leaves you a million, You gotta pay that over 10. You gotta pay all the taxes on that. The income tax. Not I inheritance tax, but the income tax on it within 10 years. So you've gotta start, you know, you gotta start pulling it out and paying taxes on it. Guess how, guess what? My heirs have to pay on the Roth Zero Ding ding, ding. So they're gonna inherit Roth IRAs tax free that are gonna continue to grow infinitely tax free. Pretty hypothetically, if the laws don't change at all, my grandkids could inherit my Roth IRAs.


Wow. Can you imagine what they would touches if be worth by then? They might be the first trillionaires. Can you imagine what they'd be, what those IRAs would be worth by then? All growing without the stinking government's hands on it. I mean, I didn't even think that's how awesome that was. I just thought I don't have to pay any taxes, but now I'm gonna leave tens of millions of dollars completely tax free that they are not required to withdraw. And by the way, they don't need any money. They're in all good shape so they can just sit there and watch the stinking thing compound tax free, maybe even a whole nother generation. That would be super cool. That's, that's a cool ripple effect Because inherited IRAs, regardless of whether they come from your mommy, your daddy, your grandpa, doesn't matter where it came from, inherited IRAs that are Roth have zero taxes.


This is stinking cool mathematically you math people, you're gonna love that one. Yeah. Your your grandkids will love the inheritance. They'll love you even more when it's tax free. I'm just saying. Yeah. It's one thing to get a million dollars from grandpa is another one to get a million dollars tax free from grandpa. That's just different right there. I'm just saying that's generational wealth. A godly man leaves an inheritance to his children's children. Why are we doing this? We wanna change our family tree. Somebody had to be old man Vanderbilt. Somebody had to be old man Rockefeller. Somebody had to do it. It might as well be you. You can do it. So when she asks a question like that, that's why I think she's awesome. Well You're thinking so far she's A hero man and I guess that means you're old man RAMSEY based on your own logic.


Hey, not my words. Hey you just, you you, you had to twist this to something ugly, didn't you? The history books reveal he'll be up there. It'll be Vanderbilt then. Ramsey. You need to get me a commodore hat. There We go. I could see you with a monocle later in month. A Commodore. You should consider a monocle Omo. Commodore Ramsey. A monocle. Yeah. and I just I need a ship. You'll be so rich. A You only need one. I'm gonna, if I'm gonna be a Commodore, I'll need a ship. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know my philosophy on planning and preparing, being proactive is always better than being reactive. We have a provider we recommend that can help you stay prepared for unexpected medical situations. I have a medical emergency kit from the doctors at The Wellness Company. And guys, lemme tell you, you really should check this out. This is not a simple first aid kit. The medical emergency kit contains doctor prescribed medicines to treat over 30 common and serious medical conditions. Ivermectin the lifesaving medicine generic Z-Pak to shorten the duration of colds and flu you feel coming on Amoxicillin for infections, ear aches, strep throat, and pneumonia. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. It's like having an urgent care in your home. Order 100% online in minutes, then fill out the brief questionnaire in your email and your kit ships to your door. Visit urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey and use the promo code RAMSEY for 15% off. That's promo code Ramsey at urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day. Find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent


George Kamel Ramsey personalities. My co-host Liam is with us in Salt Lake City. Hiam, how are you? I'm doing well. how are you guys? Better than I deserve. What's up? So my wife started her business earlier this year and I wanted to ask if there was some things that we should be trying to help get the business off the ground. So far we've only done two online orders and about 10 or in-person orders. We've been doing everything from social media to, in-person interactions, And, we were, we were just wondering how we can help get that business going. What is she selling?


So we're doing a lot of her artwork that she does and also some customized like vacation t-shirts or family reunion stuff. Is this an Etsy shop? Shopify. Shopify. Okay. Has she tried Etsy? She did look at Etsy, but I think Shopify looked a little bit better to her based on what they offered price per month and assistance in helping getting the website set up. Okay. I say that only because you want to sell your products where your audience is at. And I've only heard people going to Etsy for these vacation type T-shirts and you know, artwork might be a different story depending on what kind of art she's making.


There might be a local community where she gets her start, but this is, it's not a business where it's instantaneous money starts to rain down from the heavens. Yes, I was aware of that. I was just wondering what we, what we should be trying to help get to that point. What kind of artwork? It's just mostly stuff that she does on a whim. It's a lot of artwork based off of books and movies. And then she does commission artwork as well. So is this more in the kind of pop culture world? If she went to, let's say, forums where people love this movie or this book, I imagine that would be a better audience than a random Shopify store hoping people see it.


Yes. I imagine that would be a good, I good place to start. Yeah, let's find some Reddit pages. Let's find some Facebook pages where people are gathering as groups that, around those types of things. Okay. Yeah. I I, I think you've gotta find this is not something you have, you can throw a broad net on and get a good response, get a good return on investment with your marketing dollar. It's gonna have to be very targeted. And so, you know, we're always asking ourselves where it, where are the people, where's the customer? Where do they live? Who, what are they on? How can we reach 'em?


Where are they? And you know, the, you know what, what's the demographic? And, and like George said, if there's a, a group of people discussing that movie somewhere and you drop an offering about that movie in the middle of those people, well that, that's pretty much like piranha. That's perfect. Right? But if you drop it into the general public, 98% of which never heard of that movie. You just lost all your money, your marketing dollars. And so very targeted, very specific communities that you're diving into. I don't know other than that. 'cause the problem with podcasts or social media is that it's now infinitely large.


There's somewhere around 2 million podcasts and what is there something like 26 million Instagram accounts or something. I mean, it is just in terms of just In a sea of people Trying to do business that way. It's not so, you know, and I, I, you, you're, you're, you know, you're lost in a sea of nothingness out there in those worlds. Has she found people who are crushing it in this exact space? I believe she has. Yes. I would study them, follow them, befriend them, figure out what they're doing and try to replicate it. Yeah. I look at best practices there. That's a really good suggestion Because if there's an Etsy shop that's doing a thousand sales a month doing the Same thing, there's a lot of T-shirts on.


I mean, how many millions of people got a T-shirt on Etsy? My god, If you're gonna Disney and you want, you know, the Camel family Disney vacation, well I got a lot of options when it comes to who makes that shirt a Whole lot, Including myself. I can go to Canva and make one and get the Walmart, you know, iron on and do it myself. So you've gotta have some unique value proposition to go, here's why mine is better, or my artwork is that much better. I personalize it in this way. So it's gonna take time to stand out. And she's gonna have to do a lot of research and get involved in a lot of different groups to try to kind of infiltrate and say, I have a great product. You ordered family vacation T-shirts. I I have not. Oh, I'm not the type, lemme just say that I'm not the Target demo for vacation. Well, I'm not tshirts because I didn't even know it was a thing.


So there you go. You Know? Oh yeah. Well you've seen our debt free screamers. They get the matching T-shirts. A lot of them get them from these, you know, Etsy places. Oh, okay. They make it themselves. That's where that came From. And so, you know this, I think it's the crafty mom target demographic. Gotcha. That's who you need to find. Okay. I guess I'm not gonna give Dave the matching t-shirt I made him. This is awkward now. Yeah. Yeah. That's good George. I'm glad we got that Settled. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Joe is with us in Louisville. Hey Joe. What's up? Oh, well how about you guys? Better Than we deserve man. How can I help? So, I got asked a question yesterday about taking over ownership or taking over the payments on the family farm.


However, in my current financial state right now, don don't know it'd be a good idea or if it'd even be plausible and I am not sure where to go with it. Okay. The family farm, your parents have it? Yeah, it, it's in my mom's name and her health has been going downhill for the last several years. What Do you do for a living? And so, I, actually I live in logistics and I found out that I was back in an application process for the police force. so I jumped out of the logistics probably a little too soon.


so I'm actually in between jobs right now 'cause I didn't wanna be out on the road if law enforcement decided that they wanted to pursue or go along with the application process. Alright. Logistics had you on the road, you were driving truck? Yes sir. Okay. You call that logistics. Okay. All, so you, you, you quit your truck driving job 'cause you're hoping the police department comes through. Yes sir. I have several different applications out with different police departments. What Are you doing for income right now? Couple of them. how are you eating? I was relying on my savings. Now I'm working on doing applications around town.


Okay. And trying to be home for when they go on with the process. Okay. And your mom owes how much on the family farm? It's right around 40,000. Okay. Alright. Are you gonna move there? No, I, I'm not gonna move there. I already own part of the property there free and clear. And all it was gonna do was, you know, take over where the house is and rent Some of the other properties. Do you rent your home or have a mortgage on your home? I rent, yes sir. Okay. Alright. And so you're gonna start paying her payments, Either start paying her payments or she's gonna make the payments through me.


She wants it over in my name in case she has to go to long term care. And I'm not sure that's a good idea to be honest, but I don't know for sure. I need outside information. Yeah. Yeah. How much debt do you have personally? Right. Close to a hundred thousand. What kind of debt is that? If you don't have a mortgage? So I was looking to start my own trucking business and I bought a truck and a trailer that are up for sale now along with some other stuff that I'm working on selling. And So the truck that you quit driving was yours? Yes. Yes sir. Can you not just start driving it again until you get the police job?


I could. I'm looking for some local stuff. Yeah. But everything I'm seeing is all either gonna be out for three or four nights or, I mean, they don't give you like three days notice on a police application. They give you like 30 days notice. Right. But one of these is for the state police. Yeah. And they do random home visits. They randomly show up and there and You're supposed to be sitting at home 24 7. No, Not not, not necessarily sitting at home but you know, be relatively close where they can have a essentially an in-person interview. Right. Right. Close. They can come to you real quick.


I don't buy this whole process. No I don't either. Something fishy. I think you need to get back on the road and get to making some money. Okay. No, you do not need to take over your mom's dad because no, it will not help her with long-term care. Okay. You can, if you move property to hide it so that you appear poor to get welfare. Nursing home care called Medicaid. They have a five year look back and they will undo anything that happened five years before. And if they think you did it even before that fraudulently for the sole purpose of getting free care from the government when you actually had the money with your property to pay for it. They'll undo it whenever they want to undo it under the heading of fraud. So don't do it.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds credit union's different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall, Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on Fairwinds dot org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. Go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Hey guys, are you ready for the secret to help you reach those money goals that you've been dreaming about? It's simple. You gotta get on a budget with our budgeting app EveryDollar, you'll get intentional with your money and build the habits that will make those dreams a reality. And we'll be with you every step of the way. From your first budget to that retirement home on the beach. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play. Remember today, download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play today.


George Kamel Ramsey personality is my co-host Today in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage. Matthias and Sierra are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Better Than we deserve Dave. Love it man. Where do y'all live? Wild Lakes, Minnesota. Good. Just north of the Twin Cities. Very Cool. Good for you guys. So how much debt have you paid off? We paid off a $308,000. 308. How long did that take? Four years and 11 months. Four years and 11 months. And your range of income during that time? 155,000 to 190,000. Wow. What do y'all do for a living? Or both? Physical therapists.


Oh, okay. Wow, pt. Excellent. Yes. So was the whole 3 0 8 your student loans Basically with a sprinkle of medical debt in there. Wow, That Was ouch. Yes. Ouch. It was Terrible. How long have y'all been married? Six years. How Long have you been outta school? Six years. There we go. And almost five years of that has been spent cleaning up the student loans. Yes. So you had one fun year of marriage so far. That's correct. And It's great vacation to Nashville to do a So you had the, the honeymoon phase of a year and then you woke up one day, four years, 11 months ago and said we gotta clean this up. What Happened? Tell us what happened.


Oh, We're just looking at this debt And. we had a minimum payment of $3,200 a month just for 10 years and just, yeah. For 10 years. And it was freaking us out and one of my friends who is like, Hey we're taking this financial peace course and I'm like, Oh my gosh, this is heavily on my mind. And so we, yeah, we took the course and I was dead set and let a snowball my wife into it a little bit, then snowball. It took me a little longer. That snowball. Did you not go to the course with him? I did, but I was kind of against budgeting at first. Okay. It felt very restrictive to, it is be on a budget. So It's 308,000. Exactly. It it was, well which one do I want?


Yeah. Which, Which which of these painful things do I want? Yes. So how far into financial peace were you before you said I'm on board Sierra. Oh well it took, honestly it took about a year before I was like, okay, I get what we're doing and why we're doing this. Okay. And so then I was like, okay, we'll do, we're just gonna Go hard. Whatever game on. Okay. Alright, good for you. So You made more than that $3,200 minimum payment. You put extra at this. Yes. Because it would've taken 10 years, you said? Yes. Put It, you stuck to the Plan. Six to 7,000. You Must've double payment. Yeah. Yeah. To do it in five under five years. That's amazing. Yeah. Way To go. Yeah. So you guys Were like living on very little even though you, you're making great money, you were still living like you were broke college kids.


Well we lived in his parents' basement. There it is. That, that whole time. So shout out to them for allowing that And are you gone now? Yes, we are out. Yes. It's, it's Beautiful. That's gotta feel good. That's gotta be a feel as good as being debt free. Yes. It kind of feels, feels like our, this is the honeymoon now. Yes. It was just delayed. Exactly. Yeah. Wow. That's incredible. And how old are you two now? I'm 32 And 31. Alright. And tell people what you think the secret to getting out of debt is. Well, one of the big secrets don don't know, for me it's just like, so we're Christians and just like the Bible says to be renewing your mind with scripture every day to remind yourself, you know, of the purpose of your life and day-to-day actions.


I think that same principle can be applied to this getting outta debt as well. And just kind of renewing your mind, I think through the show or reading your books or things like that. So you're kind of, you're constantly reminding yourself, why are we doing this? Instead of inputting other things like from TikTok or wherever. I like that. Make sure your inputs are coming from good sources that are actually improving your life. Right. What were, what was the why? What was your why your, your big motivator that drove you so hard? We couldn't do anything with that, with that minimum payment. We just couldn't do anything. So we were like freedom. Yeah. Freedom. Yeah.


I went out. Yes, Yes. Yeah. Wow. Well if there's a 25-year-old that's got $300,000 in student loan debt out there, talk to them. What should they, how can they do it and what should they do? Oh, they can do it. It's just gonna take a lot of dedication. A lot of ignoring what your friends are doing and ignoring the things you wanna do as well. But knowing that there's better things in the, you know, in the future. We always said sad, now happy later. Live like no one else. So later you can live and give like no one else. I love it. Delayed gratification. You guys did that. You lived on way less than you made.


'cause I mean, if you're making 10 grand and you're throwing seven at the debt and you're trying to pay all your bills with the rest, you guys really sacrificed. but it's gone now. Yes. The rest of your friends, they're on the 10, 20 year plan and you guys are free in your early thirties. Yes. It feels amazing. Now we're thinking, what should we be doing with our mortgage payment with the money? Should we be rolling it into that? What should we be doing Now? We used to living on nothing. You take that same seven grand and chucking at the mortgage, you'll be completely debt free house in everything in no time. Yeah, that's, that's a little intense. We might lighten up a little. All of that. These two seem like the intense type. If I lived in my parents' basement for more than I think a month, I might just go crazy. So that's impressive. That is, it's impressive for everybody involved.


Well done y'all. Very well done. Thank. you proud of you. Excellent, excellent work. Very, very good stuff. Alright. Matthias and Sierra from Minneapolis. Man, this is incredible. What a great story. $308,000 paid off in four years and 11 months making 1 55 to one 90. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1 word. That free. Yay. Wow. Wow. You know, I that's an incredible, very smart, very wise beyond their years.


Young couple. I wonder these days with, there's so much in our face about how bad student loan debt has gotten. We're up to about 1.8 trillion now. Oh my goodness. Now as you know, and when we did borrowed future, I think it was 1.4 trillion or something like that when we did that documentary a couple of years ago on student loan debt. But I wonder, I mean, because I'm convinced that 98% of the people that sign up for student loan debt have no idea what the flip they're doing. And they look up, get married and they go, I got 150,000 in student loan debt. Oh wait, so do you, we've got $300,000 in third loan debt.


Oh my God. And it's more than a mortgage payment just to make that minimum student loan payment. You're talking $3,200 If you told an 18-year-old that they'd go, nevermind, I don't wanna sign. Yeah. Wow. Well, because they don't, you know, number one, we think about us. We don't think about getting married. And when you get married, you double it. Rachel was talking about, she was at a Christian college speaking and a little couple came up and said they wanted to be missionaries and they've got $180,000 in student loan debt. And she said, you're kidding. Oh wait, each of them, Oh my goodness, Had 180,000. She's like, you're not going to Africa. Yeah. I mean, you're gonna be working. You Can't make that payment on missionary money.


You can't. Well, you not, not No. Oh my goodness. So It holds back your dreams. Yeah. We're seeing the stats that people are delaying home ownership. They're delaying marriage, they're delaying having kids. All because of student loans. Yeah. Parents teach your kids to choose a school you can afford. Teach your kids to go into a field. At least they, the good news about these two heroes is they went into a field where they could earn some money. Mm. 'cause they're earning, you know, almost a hundred a piece here, which that helped the story considerably. And, and they're, they, they woke up, saw it, and to their credit said, okay, instead of reacting like a victim to this, we're gonna react like a victor and we're gonna get in attack mode, And, we're gonna knock this out.


That's powerful. And we've got a parting gift for them. We didn't mention, but we, we got two EveryDollar premium subscriptions for you guys. Good for a year. A piece. You can use those, you can gift them to someone else because that budget really is the key. It's amazing when you go, we make 200 grand, where is it going? Well, the budget shows the, shows you the reality of those numbers. And you go, Hey, you know, our bills are actually like three grand. We could throw the other seven at these debts. And what would that do that could get us debt free in half the time? And that creates some hope and momentum. That's exactly what it did. Four years and 11 months. Wow. Way to go guys. Excellent, excellent work. So that's the thing, you know, the moral of the story is know what you're signing up for. And if you find yourself and you wake up and you have that oh crap moment, which is kind of where they found themselves after graduation, then you go, what are we gonna do?


We're getting in attack mode and gazelle intensity. They Were willing to do anything including Run Living in the parents' basement. That's the equivalent of run in this case. That's, That's hardcore. That's hardcore for five years. Woo. Bless. This. is The. Ramsey Show.


Hey folks, there's a lot of half-baked investing advice out there. But here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart


George. Kamel RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Effie is with us in Houston, Texas. Hi Effie, how are you? I'm great. how are you? Better than we deserve. What's up? I was calling. I, so the last two years I've come, I've been coming out of postpartum depression. I had a couple credit cards that I let go because I, well I was also not working and I couldn't pay them. My husband and me, we do not, we do finances separately. I know a lot of your listeners, they, you know, they might be doing things together, but me and my husband have always done things separately.


Okay. So his dad is his debt. My dad is my dad. That's wrong. and I, that's wrong. You shouldn't do that. And I, I don't disagree with you, but getting my husband on board for anything is always very difficult. So It's Wow. But I have two credit cards that I could not pay while I wasn't working. And one of them in particular has been sent to a lawyer and I like I'm, they're knocking on my door. They're They're serving you with lawsuit papers. Exactly. Yeah. so I have, I mean our debt is considerable considering we have, you know, we have a rental house, we have our, our primary How much credit card debt do you have that we're talking about?


The credit cards that in con that I'm most concerned about? It's about 20 K. Okay. It might be a Does your husband make and what do you make? So I just started working again, all probably even making anywhere from 70 to a hundred. Just, but it's not a hundred isn't guaranteed it's bonus. Gotcha. And then and what does he mean? Same about the same? And how much other debt do y'all have in the house? How much other debt other than the house do, do you Have No, no, no. Yeah, other than house. Do you have a more card debt? Does he have other debt that he has in his name or what?


Yeah, well his, yeah, it's, it's his name. Like he has his credit cards. I have my credit card. I know, I heard that. Cars. So cars together with the credit card. With his credit card or Well, if I was to combine both of them, it's 1213 cars or 1300 a month. I, I know that's bad. What's the total loan amount? Total loan amount for the Your car and his car. My car and his car is 11, 11 28, 11 30 a month. Now I'm saying the total loan amount, is it $50,000 left on this loan?


Oh, Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I have, we both have about 20,000 left on the cars. Okay. So you're around a hundred thousand dollars in debt as a couple not counting your house. Correct. And you make somewhere around $200,000 a year as a couple. That's About right. And you have rental with a mortgage on it? Yes. Okay. Alright. And you're how old hun? 38. And you have a baby and do you have other children? Seven year. Okay. And you've just come through postpartum?


Yes sir. Yes. Okay. Alright. You're the same age as my daughter who has three kids. Okay. And I think what your husband is doing to you is abusive. That's hard to hear. Yeah. As, as your dad. I don't appreciate it the way he's treating my daughter. I'm pretty pissed at him right now. He makes, he makes a baby. His wife is in postpartum and his answer to it is, go figure it out, chick.


You're On your own. We have our finances separate. I heard in the that they said for better, for worse, in sickness and in health, I bet by God when he has the flu, he wants you to make him soup. Yeah. So this is the core of it. You don't have a $20,000 credit card problem. You have a very serious issue in your relationship. And you guys have, Hey, you guys have walked along. You've walked through the forest with your hands over your ears going la, la, la, la la, la acting like nothing happened until something happened. And now the situation that you're in is revealing how terrible your theory on handling money is.


So the two of you need to sit down together and rethink your marriage and saying, we're gonna love each other in sickness and in health. We're gonna love each other for richer, for poorer. We are mommy and daddy, we are husband and wife. We take care of each other. It's us against everybody else. You're not on your own. This is not a joint venture. It's not a partnership. And so you really, guys, you've really gotta se rethink your theories on relationships. 'cause they're broken and they're wrong. And it's caused you to be in this situation where your soul is unraveling.


I can hear the fear and even almost a, a sense of shame in your voice. And you didn't do anything wrong other than as a couple, you've run up the stead. So if someone had abandoned my daughter while she's in Pulse postpartum to her own devices, who was supposed to be her husband, who was supposed to love her and care for her, he and I would probably be having a discussion about that. And it wouldn't be pleasant 'cause it's not fair and it's not right. The way you're being treated is wrong, hun. and I'm, I'm begging you to no longer accept that as, okay, so, 'cause instantly when I take a $200,000 income, I can clean up a hundred thousand dollars worth of card debt and credit card debt when we're working together in a unified front.


How fast can we pay off a hundred thousand dollars? George making 212 To 18 months max. Yeah. This thing's Gone. You can be a hundred percent debt free and yet we have service pe people serving warrants at your door and you have a baby and there's no excuse, there's no reason you're not broke. Y'all are just broke in. It's just to see my wife drowning emotionally with postpartum, financially with lawyers at the door and I go, well it's her dad, it's her problem. I'm not A honey. They're here to see you. What kind of man does that? I I don know if I can call 'em a man. That feels generous. There we go. There we go.


Woo. There we go. So it's a crisis folks. It's a problem. I'm sorry hun. We love you, we love him, but we're ready to box his ears right now. That's an old southern term. But anyway, not even sure what it means, but somebody's getting ready to get hit in the ear I guess. But anyway, I'm always say, I'm gonna box your ears. What the crap does that even mean? I don't even know what that means. Adding that to my day one Liners had my, had my, my ears threatened to be boxed several times. I don't, I'm still trying to figure out what, trying to find my, you couldn't find his butt with both hands. You never explained that one to me. Well that's, It's like southern riddles I gotta figure out. It's means you're pretty limited on your abilities.


What That means. That explains it. It explains itself. Effie, I'm sorry hun. Mm. But you guys really, if you guys, you understand the, the math in your situation is easy. It's a hot knife through butter. You can fix this very quickly when you fix the reason that it's caused what caused it. The, the, the problem. The people showing up at your door, not the problem, they're the symptom. and I would even go so far as to be so bold as to say it has contributed to your postpartum, your depression. And so it certainly didn't make it easier at a minimum, no question about it.


This sense of abandonment and you're on your own, you know? No, that's not how this works. So if you guys want our help, we would be honored for you to go through our classes. I'll put you on hold and if you wanna sign up, I kind of don't think your husband wants to sign up with anything with me right now after I just finished with him. But I'm okay with that too. Pissing people off's. Like one of my spiritual gifts. 'cause folks, I love you and we're gonna do one thing around here. We're gonna love you enough to tell you the truth. This is The Ramsey show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.