
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app, Start budgeting for free today.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about your money, your work, and your relationships. The phone number to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'd love to hear from you alongside the incomparable George Kamel. I am Ken Coleman. We're excited to be with you. George is gonna coach you up on how to handle the money. I'm gonna coach you up on how to make more of the money. That's a good combo winning team. So great Jean jacket Today, I feel like you're fresh and ready to go. When I get up on a day with Fresh brand show with Ken, I go, what am I gonna wear? Because Ken is gonna comment. I need to impress Him. Well, you look sharp and you look like you got fresh, fresh fade, right?


Every two weeks. Every two Weeks, as you may know. All Right. This is what America needs to know. I another hand found out that I've got a lot of lettuce, according to the young guys I play pickleball with. What does that even Mean? It's a name for longer hair. Oh. So there You go. You taught me a new word Today. There It is. I try to help. We All learned something on this show. Let's help Kim out in West Palm Beach. Kim, How can we help today? Yes. Hi. Thanks for having me on. Sure. My question is, I have been helping my mom out monthly with expenses. Actually her and her husband, and they have not made changes in their life to try to be able to pay their own expenses.


And I'm just getting to the point of complete frustration and whether I should continue to give her money or you know, how to handle this without ruining our relationship. How much money you've been giving them. Well, I'm in a unique position where my mom also works for me. I have a firm and she works part-time, and I just try to keep her busy and you know, and I do give her extra money and bonuses there. How much? But then outside of that, You said, hold on, hold on. You sound like a politician on a Sunday morning show. So I'm gonna go back to the question. How much money? I don't care how you're giving it, I don't even care where it's coming from.


I would just like to know, and I think George does too. How much money are you giving them and have you given them? Well, on a monthly basis, I would say it averages around 12 to 1500 a month. And over a period of time, I, I've kind of lost track, but I would say probably somewhere over 10,000. Okay. Extra over the last, you know, year or so. Okay. One other quick follow up. If this employee was not your mom, would you be bonusing that employee to the level that you're bonusing that employee? No, I probably would've let that employee go already because it Has to work.


I had a suspicion. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So my short answer is no. I mean, excuse me. Yes. You should stop giving them money. Sorry. You should stop giving them money. And You, you asked about their behavior, like, well, they're not changing and Well, they have direct access to the Bank of Kim. Why would they change? What onus do they have to change their life when they have it good? Yeah, so part of this, and they both pulling the plug, is to help them. They both Get, they both get social security and he lost his job in September, but isn't very actively looking for Job. Well guess who needs to get active Again. Why would he when he gets unemployment checks from Kim? Yeah. So this is how old are they? Are they able to work? My mom is 78, so she's older with some health issues and he is 68.


Oh dude's a spring chicken. He's, and they, he's living off of Sugar Mama. And that happens to be your mama. You need to remove the sugar and then Mama will push him out the door. He needs to get a job, 68. He needs to be working. And they're straight broke. It sounds like this is the reason you're helping them is 'cause you felt bad. It started off as a, Hey, I'll help you out this month, and then the next month, and then nothing's changed. Has this been going on for Yes. A year now, how long? This has been going on and on and off for several years, depending on their financial situation. They barely make ends meet. They get down to $10 in the bank. She's crying. It, it, it's What is their total income without you involved?


Let's see. That without me completely not involved, I would say it was around 2,400 a month. And what are their expenses? Are they living on their own? Do they have debt? They do live on their own. They rent a home. Their expenses are probably five to 800 more than what they make. Okay. So you're telling me 2,900 bucks could solve this and they make 2,400, Right? Yeah. That means, So you're telling me a 68-year-old can't work and make 500 extra bucks a month? Evidently not. Well, no. We're gonna find out, you know, that's not true. We're about to find out. Yeah. I this You, You're already borderline resenting your mom, if not full.


I'm, and, and I, and I don't want to get to that point. I know you don't. This money situation is, I know is getting bad and very frustrating. So the reason I'm bringing that up, I them to please come up with a plan. They're not going to, and you know why? There's no reason for them to innovate. So I don't know if you've ever studied innovation, you run a business, you probably have read some books on innovation. You probably talked about innovation and you yourself have probably had to innovate before. But what's so fun about innovation is, is the research shows that innovation is at its most effective when someone has very little resource. It's just amazing how creative we humans can be at problem solving when we don't have much resource And we just have to figure it out.


Does that resonate with you, Kim? It does. Yeah. Well, Guess what? They don't have a plan and they're not gonna come up with a, a plan because they're not squeezed into a corner. But you put them in a corner and it's gonna be shocking how quickly Sparky will get to work. Yeah. And he needs to get to work. And so you're, the reason I bring up the resentment piece is this, your mother's 78 hope she lives 10, 15, 20 years. Okay. Yeah. But I have aging parents right now. They're in their mid seventies. And, and I just think if I were you, I would be more worried about the limited time I have left with my mom being soured by this codependent situation that you've allowed yourself to get into.


And you aren't a bad person, Kim. You are a phenomenal person and a phenomenal daughter. Make no mistake about it, but I'm trying to encourage you to say, the person that I know you to be is gonna want to have a nice twilight season of relationship with her mom. And the only chance of that happening is if you go, mom, I can't do this anymore and lay it out very clearly, why? But be o be okay with her not being okay with it. But the the alternative is way worse to you get to a 0.1 day where you snap at her, say something, it hurts her, or you cut her off altogether and it's ugly. I I just think there's pain on both sides of this. One is a rip off the bandaid, quick sting pain, which is cutting him off now and telling mom why the other one is that George, that deep surgery, a lot of therapy afterwards.


Oh yeah. You know, There's a lot here. Yeah. Has this been going on her whole adult life? There's been a lot of situations in the past that yeah, she has made very poor decisions and, and needs to be bailed out here and there and Yeah. I mean it's, it's a, it's an underlying theme. Yeah. And that it's much harder to turn this around at 78 years old than It is 38 years old. So this is not gonna mean an easy road, whether it's stopping giving her money or firing her as your employee. But I want to see Yeah. If, if she needs to work, she needs to work. I don't want you to do this out of pity for her. That's right. To give her a paycheck. I want her to have a sense of independence. Yeah. I would.


At least, I I would at least cut the bonuses. She knows she's being paid for at least subpar work. Your words, not mine. Yeah. But, but I can live with that. And I think that eases this, but the bonuses go away starting today. And, and her husband, who I've been affectionately calling Sparky, Sparky Mc Sparkless, that's his new name, Sparky Mc Sparkless. He needs to get out and get a job. Yeah. He's, he's, yeah, 10 years younger. Yeah. So he's got 10 years more energy than she does at least. Yeah. Man, I got no sympathy for him on that deal. So, whew. Sorry about this, Kim. But we're thinking about your long term situation. I want that relationship to be great in her twilight season.


Thank you for calling Mike.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp, my friends, listen, I know it feels like the world is falling apart and I know that we're all under huge pressure to perform and to look like we're keeping it all together at the same time. Here's the statistic that blew my mind. 76% of people globally agree that mental health care can help resolve personal problems. Yet six outta 10 people still believe that society discourages people for asking for help. Here's the truth, real bravery, real strength comes when you open up about what you're carrying, how you're hurting, and learning something you can do about it so that you can be your best for yourself and for everyone else in your life. If you're feeling the weight of the world, please talk to someone. Anyone a friend, a loved one, or Yes, a therapist. I see a therapist every week. If you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. If it's not the right fit, you can switch therapist at any time easily and for no extra cost, talk it out with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/de.


All Right, let's Go to Eddie, who's joining us in Columbia, South Carolina. Eddie, how can we help? Hey, how are you guys doing? Good, Eddie, what's going on? So me and my wife we're both 25. We just found out about a month ago that she's pregnant with our first kid. Hey, way to go, Eddie. Way to go, man. Thank you. All Right. And so my question is, I'm currently in baby step two and I have, we have a couple car loans and then I have a bunch of student loans and anyway, and I know I've heard you guys say to kind of stock as for during the pregnancy and just make sure everything goes well. But I have a slight concern is I have a car that is extremely negative with like negative equity.


I didn't roll negative equity or anything, but I just bought it. I overpaid for it. And it just has gone down to value because I've driven it so much. It's, I owe about 11 and a half on it and it's only worth three. Wow. You Got, you didn't overpay. Sounds like you got ripped off. Yeah. And so I, I would, I, I'm like one car wreck away from like o owing a bunch of money, you know what I'm saying? So I, I just, I want to, you know, is there, would it be smart to still try to work to pay off that car a little bit while saving? Or should I just save off for the baby and then if everything goes well, then just kind of take all that money and throw it at the car? What would be the, what's The other car loan approach?


The other car loan is, we owe 11 on it as well with my wife's car, but it's worth 11. Okay. And what's your household income? 103. Amazing. And what's the total debt between student loans and Debt is around a hundred. So the, it's around a hundred total after student loans. So yeah, about 80,000 of student loans. Okay. And how much could you sock away if you just started making minimum payments on all of these debts? How much could you save each month? $2,500. Wow, that's impressive. So that's a margin you could throw with the debt. Yes. Yeah. So actually it was funny, we, we had started baby step two, like the month before we found out she was pregnant.


I made one like $1,900 payment to my car and then my wife's like, I'm pregnant, so Yay. We kinda, okay, here's what, here's what I would do in your shoes. I would say yes to the stork mode, which is pausing, making minimum payments. But here's what I would do. I would save up to your out-of-pocket max as aggressively as possible on your health insurance. Then anything beyond that, start throwing at the debt. So do you know what your outof pocket max is? So, I know my deductible, I, I'm a teacher so I have really, really good benefits, but I know that my deductible is like six 50 and the out-of-pocket max is a couple thousand And we already got the plan from the, you know, from the, the doctor.


It shows how much we will come out of pocket and I think with my, with my health, with my insurance, we're only gonna pay out of pocket like two grand total. Amazing. For, For Everything. Alright, George. Now how does that change your specific advice? Well, Here's what I'm thinking. What if for the next two months you stack up that five grand, you said you could do that. Okay. Right. Then after that we start chunking money at the debt and you'll likely knock out that car payment before the baby's even here. I agree. So now you have $5,000 ready to protect you. I wouldn't wait till the last minute to save for baby. That's just too stressful and puts you in a bind. I would rather see you just stack up that money real quick, let it sit there and then hit play on the debt snowball until baby and mom are home safe and then we can deplete the savings back down to a thousand.


Okay. Awesome. Well, I really appreciate it. Yeah. Way to think through this, man. Man, you, you've done your homework. Yeah. And I wish you the best knocking out a hundred k. Whew. That's gonna take a while, but you guys have some great margin here and a solid income, so hopefully it doesn't take too long. That's Right. Wesley now is joining us in Los Angeles area. Wesley, how can we help Gentlemen? Thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. I got a, I got a silver squatter question problem for you. A what? Silver Squatter. A silver squatter. Is that one of the superhero in the Fantastic four or is it somebody else? Oh no, that's a silver surfer. Very different. Oh, see I got confused for a second.


Silver squatter. Okay. Yeah, tell us more. Here's, here's my question. Do I kick my mom out of my rental? I know legal, I know the legal answer is gonna be yes, but I'm, I'm having trouble with the emotional part of it. Tell Me about the legal story is, tell me about the legal piece. Well, she had paid rent in five months. Why is that? Because because she birthed him. She's like, I'm not paying you jack squat. Yeah. So the, the backstory is my dad passed away and she was living with him for the past 12 years, but they weren't married so they were just cohabitating together.


And when my dad passed, I had a handshake deal with my brother that said if my mom passed first, my brother would take care of my dad. If my dad passed first, I would take care of my mom because we're a family of dysfunction. Okay. So so you Lost a bet, essentially. And here we are much Wow. Pretty much the very setup of that whole thing is, first of all, how how long ago did your dad pass away? Coming up on two years. Well, sorry for your loss. I didn't wanna skate over that deal. So you lost a handshake deal. And is, have you confronted mom in any time? Many times. Oh, you have Many times over the last five months.


And what is her response? Oh, she, it's, it's just always an excuse as her And I think, I know I'm, I'm an enabler. I, I can admit it that I just, I can't get myself to finally pull the trigger and kicking her out because What are you worried about? She's mom. Right. But what I'm worried that she, But you already changed that relationship when she became your tenant, Correct? Mm, yeah. And a not good tenant. Yeah. Is she not yet? Correct. Okay. What is the rent you're charging her? 1500. And that literally just pays for HOA insurance, property taxes, utilities. And so like, I'm not Seeing you're losing money on this deal.


Oh, Of course. Yeah. The, the average rental in that community is like 3,300. And what are you, what are you on the hook for personally on this property? Every month? Zero I every month It is about, it's about a thousand bucks just for the HOA taxes. It's paid off, so, Okay. Okay, great. But You're not bleeding money from this thing. Well, I mean, a thousand bucks a month, you're not making a little more than a scrape making. So, okay. However, With that, with my, with the career, I'm also a real estate agent and our area, it's really slowing down right now. And so I have, you know, I have my emergency fund, but my emergency fund is three years just in case something like this were to happen.


But I can see that every month the account, you know, dropping lower and lower and lower. And we're not in the red zone yet. Like, we're not, we're not totally scared. But the reason I have these rentals that are paid off is to be my stable. Of course you don't have to sell us on that income. What did you call us for? Because I think you, you know what we think what, what, what can we do for you today? We have about a minute and a half. Yeah. I just, how can I emotionally get over sending her the notice of 30 days to get out? 'cause I'm just, I think I'm at my wit's end here with her. Well the way you emotionally get over It is you walk through it and so it's gonna suck.


I can't sit here and tell you all the different range of emotions. You're probably gonna be a little bit angry at her. You already already are angry at her. You're gonna be sad based on what she says and does. You might feel a little lonely. I mean, I could go through all this long list of emotions. I don't know what you're gonna feel, but the, the only way to deal with those emotions is to actually walk through them and you're afraid of 'em right now. And I understand that. But you're just gonna have to deal with it. 'cause here's where this is going. Just let your mind wander six months from now, a year from now, two years from now, what this is gonna feel like. Just let your mind go there.


And that's gonna be toxic sewage. Far worse than any emotion you're gonna face right now. So it's time for you to step up and be an adult and your mom's acting like a child. Come up with a plan. You and your brother need to stop doing, shake hand bets and figure out how we're gonna take care of mom and in this situation and then, you know, be good sons. But she doesn't get to rent for free anymore and it's time for her to move on. And you can help her with the root of the problem, which is she can't afford her bills. And what's the cause of that? Is she working full-time? She is not working full-time. She is working like her, her monthly income is just around 2300 bucks.


Okay. So it's either pay rent or put food on the table and cover my other bills Pretty much. Yeah. It's not like she's outta control spending. So let's see if we can get her income up. Well she's okay. She is outta control spending. She's gone through financial peace and failed miserably because she's filed bankruptcy three times. Right? Oh my goodness. And so yeah, for those reasons I would not have her as a tenant. She needs to go find rent elsewhere And we, where she's going to get evicted by someone. Much meaner than you. And you can't help her at this point, help her find another place. But until her behavior changes, nobody can do anything. And that's what really stinks. So, sorry Wesley, that you're going through this.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely Devastating It is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Alright, if you're buying or selling your home, you understand what a big financial transaction that is. And we wanna make sure here at Ramsey and The Ramsey Show that you aren't clicking on the social media headlines. It's all clickbait trying to get you to buy a product or scare you half to death and to doing something that's really stupid. We're paying attention to the latest trends, we understand the principles of buying, of selling, and we've really created a great website. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market. We're talking about the real estate market. So that's the website, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market. And we have tons of news in there about the market trends right now. Free tools to help you buy or sell with confidence perspective on the rates, the mortgage rates right now versus maybe where they were versus where maybe they're going. All of that stuff. It's a great website to make sure that you're informed so that you make a great decision in buying or selling a house. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market.


Kyle is joining us now in the big Apple. Kyle, how can we help Dr. Ken? George, first of all, great to talk to you. Huge fans of both of you. George, I, I'm a huge fan of your YouTube channel. Oh, thanks. I watch it. No, in all seriousness, I listen to your podcast on daily walks and I also do for weekend motivations when I walk to the park. I do like a daily gratitude. Wow. I listen to the Everyday, everyday Millionaire podcast. So this, so you guys have, you are Plugged in. Wait a go cut. No, no, no, no, no. Huge fan. Like over COVID. I lost over a hundred pounds and you guys helped. Besides financial motivation, physical, mental, Congratulations man. Different different guy.


Dude, I've been debt free eight years because of you guys. Oh. And I owe you a huge debt of gratitude for my Life. Oh, you're very kind. Seriousness. You're, we know you're very serious and you're very kind. Thank you. Not a lot. How can we help you today? So my question is, unfortunately I moved to New York from Wisconsin for my job and I've had this job for 10 years. I've done well recently I found out that I have been laid off. It wasn't performance related. And right now I'm hunting, looking for a new job. I've updated the resume, done a couple interviews, but I am going to receive a, because I did well and I was well liked at where I work, I'm gonna receive a three month severance package of 40 K.


Now that's pre-tax. I know Uncle Sam's gonna want half of that. So we'll say 20 K and then unused PTO of 20 K. So Uncle Sam's gonna want, again, 50%. So let's just say I'm gonna receive 30,000 probably at the end of the month. If you want high level. I currently have two 20 K in my 401k in the bank. I have I think 13 K checking 30 savings, and then a high yield of 7,000. I'm trying to think what else. 27 K and HSA 60 K brokerage.


60 k rock IRA. So you could say whatever, around 420, 420 k. I have no debt. My monthly expenses are around $5,000. My rent's 1600. My one vice. I have though being from Milwaukee, I'm a huge baseball and sports fan. I'm not even kidding. Ever since the MLB ballpark app came out in 2019, I have been to 121 MLB games, 26 stadiums. I've seen every team play. Yeah. Wow. All Right. So, so let me jump in real quick. Appreciate the setup. Yep. That's your side, that's your, your one problem. Well you're aware of it and you've been very disciplined money.


I know that all stops right now, obviously no more ballparks for you. I I I know, I know. And You get that. So the Of course. So, so the question is how do you use that severance wisely? Have you correct. Already received your last check paycheck? Not the severance. I, I Did. I I did. I'm gonna receive the severance at the end of the month. Alright, So you're currently on your budget with that last check. And so at the end of this month you get the 30. So George, I'll just jump in real quick on some income things real quick and, and then kind of hand him to you on what you would do in this situation. And by the way, can't think of a better person to give you advice on this than George. George could survive multiple world wars and still have money buried in his backyard.


He's just, he's absolutely the best. Here's what I would say if I'm in your shoes. When is your last day of work? Is it end of the month? No, no, no. So it already happened. Okay. It's effective immediately. And right now I'm getting paid not to work, so can't complain. Well, I like that. However, if I were you, I'd be doing some type of part-time work, two part-time jobs. Okay. If I'm in your shoes while I'm looking for something else, certainly in an expensive place where you are in that area, I would be doing 40 hours of week of work. Okay. Let's just put it that way. And George, what would you do then on that Severance? I Would try to not use it would be my goal.


Yes. And so if you have to dip into the severance to cover some expenses, that's okay. I would try to avoid using the emergency fund because you are a very able-bodied man who can get to work and no interruption of income is the ideal scenario. I'd rather see you get outta this with a great job and an extra 30 grand to put toward your next goal versus draining it down for the next six months because, well, I just couldn't get a job, Which is, by the way, Kyle, that's why I said get anything right now. Nobody, you know, you, you know what profession you're in. You know what you're looking for. So I'm saying while you're looking for that, if you can work 40 hours a week making 15, 16, 18, 20, 25 bucks an hour, I don't care what It is.


That is the, the idea. So when that severance comes in, hopefully we don't touch it at all. And there's really no interruption in income. That's the ideal scenario. The severance should be treated like a parachute and not a hammock. I don't want you using it to lounge for the next six months. Of course, of course. My, my ideal goal, so I've already had a couple interviews, I had a couple in person, so I'm an accountant, but my ideal goal is hopefully finding something by either mid-August or starting to work around Labor Day. That's my goal. So I'm pushing towards that. Great. For finding the next full-time job to get back on my feet. Great. Well I'll see if you, because you're an accountant, see if you can pick up any contract work between now and then, or again, you're going to work in a big box store.


I'm telling you, stacking money right now is such a, it's such a good thing for your emotion, you know, in that, George, in a situation like this, we know from psychology research that when somebody loses a job, and in this case he's, this is a great example. Kyle's is, is laid off not for performance. Companies do this stuff all the time, but still, even though he didn't do anything wrong and they've treated him well with a severance, he seems to feel very good about it. They compare this to the loss of a loved one. So whether we realize it or not, Kyle seems very upbeat, but you know, It is a, it's a real emotion, emotional.


There's, there's Grief, there's no clarity of mind when You're grieving. There's certainty. I don't, I don't know of a greater fear for anybody than uncertainty, especially In this economy. I mean, the job market is slowed. That's right. And it could take longer than it used to. That's right. To find that great gig. So I don't know how you feel about that, but I, if I'm in his shoes, and that's what we always try to do, we try to give advice going, okay, if I can, I'm in that dude's shoes. Okay. I'm, I'm grateful for the, for the 30, but I to your point, I don't wanna touch it or very little of it. And so if I can go work, starting today, he lands a job, he's like, oh, I'll make it 18 an hour doing this great. You know, and, and just keep some income coming in until we land that next accounting job. Do you agree with that?


Yeah. Well, keeps, keeps, keeps us busy. Keeps us Sharp too. Momentum, I don't think idle hands during a time of grief is, is a great I agree. Combination. Yeah. So getting to work, doing anything is gonna help him stay sharp and go, I want that next great gig. Alright. So what would you change from a budgeting thing if you were in his situation? Would that change how you do your budget? Absolutely. I would go use my EveryDollar budget tonight and do what I call a budget audit. And so what you do is you go through and you go, is this necessary for survival? If not, we're gonna cut it for now. And you realize how little you really need to survive. You need food, utilities, housing, transportation, insurance costs. And I would dial down everything else, all the fun money, the luxuries, the subscriptions, even pausing, investing right now until he has stable income because I don't wanna see him burn through this.


'cause those are the calls we get. This is not us being doomsday. We get those calls when they say, well I thought I was gonna find a job next month and it's been six months now and still nothing. And I've burned my savings down to zero. And I don't wanna see that for my friend who's worked so hard to build this wealth. Putting you on the spot here real quick, what would you say an average person is gonna find in savings if you had to pick a number outta the air, if they did a true budget audit, what do you think? Well, We found if they use the new EveryDollar $9,500 is the number, a yearly number over a few months. Oh, a Few months. Yes. Wow. That's a lot higher than I would for. So think about that. I mean, you could shave off in most people's budgets, they're blowing a thousand bucks just on overpaying for insurance. Wow.


Little luxuries here and there. You can shave off a thousand easily. So over a year, that's 12 grand. The budget audit George says, so try it. You should do it.


You guys, one of the best gifts that you can leave your family after you're gone isn't stuff it's peace. When something happens, your loved ones don't wanna be digging through drawers or guessing passwords to access your important information. That is why I love Nokbox. That's n Okay. As in next of Kin Box Nokbox is a super practical physical system that helps you organize all your important documents like accounts, passwords, assets, medical records, even your will in one safe place. And your Nokbox is divided into user-friendly categories to help you get organized. So you can give your family clarity, not clutter when they need it most. Go to Nokbox dot com slash Ramsey and check it out.


All Right, let's Go to Jerry in Chicago. Jerry, How can we help today? Yes. Yes. Hey, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. I, I have an 18-year-old son, he's just about ready to turn 18 and I have been able to scratch and save $6,800 for him that I would like to give him on his whenever he turns 18. But not just give him, I want to set him up with good investment and good savings for retirement. And I'm curious what you guys would recommend on that. I'm thinking maybe brokerage or maybe like a Roth, something he could like put 100, maybe $200 a month in and just always do that to help him get started.


You know, get, get good, stable, get a better start than I did. So he's 17 years old now. What's his next move? Yes. Is he in high school? Is he going to college? He turns 18, a few months and he is got one married, he has one more year left of high school. And his plans after that is probably not college po possibly like a trade school. Love it. Okay. And we're gonna need to cash flow trade school. Yeah. And that be, you know, 10 or 15 grand. Yeah. I already have, I, they do it on a, they do it in a notebook, but I already have them somewhat budgeting their paychecks whenever they do work.


They kind of balance it every week like a checkbook. But I it good split up between giving, giving and spending and a goal and saving and investing. I'm just wondering what to do with his 6,800. Well, my question is, I I think he's gonna be fine in retirement. The bigger concern is the next five years of his life could get very expensive very quickly as he enters adulthood. You know, does he need to upgrade a car? Does he need to cover trade school? Does he need to cover deposit for an apartment? So all of these things come into play. So I like to think about this in, in short-term goals versus long-term goals. And I'm, I think the power of compound interest is great. We should definitely teach 'em that you put a hundred dollars in, now it's gonna turn into 2000 when you're retired.


But there's also a piece of this where I go, I don't want 'em to shove this away in retirement and have no money for trade school. Well, right. Which is part of my concern too. So that's where I'm going. I'm focusing on short term. I'm not concerned if he starts investing even at 22 by 62 he's gonna be a multimillionaire. Okay. Okay. So that is Reassurance. I would help him figure out what his next priorities are. That's something you can do as dad. And then help him figure out how to map out a plan to get there. So instead of funding it, help him figure out, hey, Where would you allocate $7,000 knowing these are your next three goals coming up over the next four years. 'cause that's real life, right? As an adult.


Right, right. Okay. Yeah. So I think think about the bigger plan, I guess is what George is saying, you know, and then what does that then mean over the short term? So big plan, big direction. He may not know yet, but if he does know it's trades, I would, before I gave him any money like this, I would, I would be letting him kick the tires on those trades, letting him, you know, interview some people, sit with them, encourage him to really do some research. And if he goes, okay, I know I want to do trade X and then you can go, okay, let's look at the trade schools or the training required for this, what's that gonna cost? And now everything comes into focus if you come about it that way. As opposed to just going, well I'm gonna give him 6,800, which by the way is very generous, very kind, great dad.


And putting that in a retirement account for him and maybe you decide to do that. But I, that's what George is, is challenging you to do. And I think that's a good move. You know, so tactically this would look like a high yield savings account where we park this money for now until we know the next step. That's right. And I like the idea of teaching him of how to budget each paycheck going, Hey, we're gonna put 15% away versus a lump sum from dad in an investment account. It doesn't really teach him how to put money away first and pay himself first. So I like to see that happen from his future income and not from this lump sum from dad. Right, right. And I really, really appreciate that. In fact, he does not even know about this. Perfect. So I could just put it in a high yield savings account until he gets a bit of a path.


Yeah. And here's one other idea, I'm gonna throw this one at George. George May not like this. Uhoh, I don't know if you're gonna like this one. What if he says to the son, All Right, tell you what, between now and the time you get outta high school as you're working odd jobs, summer jobs, whatever, I'll match up to $7,000 Oh of whatever you make. Now he doesn't know that you've got essentially the 7,000 saved, you're 200 bucks from that. But what do you think about that? I love that. Well it's a secret way to, to force him to have some work ethic, have some skin in the game and get a very nice generous bonus from dad for his efforts. Yeah. Just another idea. You're gonna put it in high yield savings as you do all the stuff George told you to do.


But I thought that was an interesting way of doing it. And let's say the kid comes, let's say the kid makes five and you go, All Right, I told you I'd match it up to seven. So here's another five and he's got 10. You know, that kind of thing. That may have real impact on him, you know, and to George's point, if he gets started in the trades really young and you've taught him how to save and invest, he's gonna be fine. And he remains debt free with money in the bank. He's already so far ahead of most American adults. Yeah. So the key For setting your kid up for success is setting them up from 12, 13, 14, 15, 16. 'cause by the time they're 18, it's hard to just all of a sudden change their habits. But if they know that money comes from work and the value Of a dollar at 18, they're gonna be just fine.


Yeah. And so I love this idea of setting him up for the next few years because this is a difficult time as you step into adulthood and setting him up now, you won't need to worry about him in retirement. Yeah, I agree. Alright, let's Go to Anne real quick here in Columbia, South Carolina. Anne, How can we help today? Hi, Thank you so much for taking my call today. 'cause I have just no idea of what to do. But I'm calling about my mom, who's 91 years old. She's a widow. She owns no property, but she has over 1800 $18,000 in credit card debt. And we don't know what to do with that. Wow.


How did she get into this debt? It is just been accumulated over the years. After my dad died, she had a lot of expenses that she had to take care of. And so the easiest thing for her was to put it on her credit card. I'm confused what credit card company thought giving a 91-year-old broke woman access to 20 grand was gonna pan out for them. I don't know. And so now we're stuck because she, you know, just lives off her social security. And How much does she make from that? I know what to do without this debt. Her social security with her re, she has a small retirement.


So together that's about 2000 a month. A month. And what are her expenses each month? It's quite a bit. She ha she's has to rent a home because she doesn't, the home that she had was falling apart and she had to get out of it. Well she doesn't have have to rent that home. Could she rent an apartment that's cheaper? Is there income-based housing that she could get into? This was the only thing that we could find at the time because she had to Move quickly. Well, how much is it Actually? It's about 2000 a month. My Gosh. Oh there you go. There's our problem. Of course she has to go into debt.


So there's only one solution here. And it's to get her out of this housing situation that's costing her every penny of her paycheck. This Is all hands on deck. You seem to be, you seem to be befuddled by this. Well the thing about It is, is you know, my siblings and I have been trying to help her out a little bit, trying to, you know, help get her through. But we're, we're just not able to do that on a regular basis. You mean financially? Financially So Everyone, but I'm not talking about that. I'm saying Ann, between the siblings and you and family and friends, we can't find your mom a much cheaper living situation At the time we had to get her into a home.


We did. Not that. I'm talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm telling you, you called us and your mom's in a financial crisis. What I'm trying to help you out in this limited amount of time we have with you is that's the big problem. She has a fixed income. We can't even think about the credit card debt because there's no margin. So, and That credit card debt is unsecured. So if she dies with that debt, the credit card company writes it off. We're not worried. It's not in Your, you're not gonna have to pay it. It'll get paid out first date if she even has any money. This is a four alarm fire, Anne. Like this is a conference call with your, with your siblings. Like as soon as you hang up, 100% of her income is going to rent. That is a major problem.


And she needs to pay rent first. Put food on the table first. Pay utilities first before a credit card company gets paid. But I would cut her off of this credit card. It's only gonna make the problem worse. And we need to find a new housing situation. Whether that's her moving in with one of you guys or finding her cheaper housing. But you turn a temporary solution into a permanent one and decided there's no other way. That's the problem.


Confession folks, when life gets really hectic, I don't take time to plan my healthy meals. Some days I can't even remember what a vegetable looks like. That's why I keep Field of Greens handy. It's a superfood powder made with real fruits and veggies selected by doctors to help your heart, lungs, metabolism and more. I mix Field of Greens with water. I shake it up and I'm ready to go. And to tell you the truth, I did expect it to kind of taste like compost, but it's really delicious. Plus Field of Greens promises your doctor will notice your improved health or you get your money back. So Go to Field of Greens dot com slash Ramsey for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash Ramsey to save 20% on your first order.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, their profession, and their relationships. Excited to have you with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number alongside George Kamel. I'm m Ken Coleman and we're gonna Go to Lily, who is in the big Apple. Lily, How can we help today? Hi, thanks so much for taking my call. So basically I dated a guy for a little under three years And we just broke up. I took out a debt consolidation loan for him and I wanna know what's the most ethical way to get him to pay me back faster than we originally planned.


It is, it was originally a $35,000 loan. I have really good credit. So the interest rate was, it said 11.49%. It was much lower than his credit cards, his high interest credit cards. So lemme make sure I understand this. You took this out in your name, Correct? Hmm. And you guys just broke up? Yeah. And this isn't the first time I did this for him. It's the second. Both times I offered because I, I thought we were gonna get married. We were talking about rings and everything. So like emotions aside, like I just wanna know how to move forward. How much does he owe you On the loan that's left? It's about 30,000 and I took a loan in October.


So with interest it's about 30,000. How has he been paying it before you broke up? Is he just sending the money to you? Yeah. Yeah. Minimums every month. What's the minimum? 9 51 12. Oh my gosh. Yeah. And has there been any conversation about this? Yes. He told me he's willing to sign a contract saying that he'll send me about 2000 a month. Like somewhere around there. He only makes after taxes is about a thousand a week. And, but he moves back home so he doesn't really technically have any expenses, whereas I'm And you think he's gonna commit to coughing up 50% of his income for the next two years?


Well, I mean I need it done in a year. I need it less than a year. That's kind of the issue. I am, well I, Well I need, but I need a Lamborghini. That's not happening tomorrow. Two Grand for 12 months is 24 grand. So it's not even get you to the balance. But I mean it's close. I just, I would love if he commits to this, but legally I was, you took on the debts, you signed up for this awful ride. And so legally, I don't know you have any recourse Now you said what are the ethical ways? What I wanna know what the unethical ways are. It would be hiring the Gambino family or somebody like that, you know, know What I mean? Hunter to show up At his take offer or he can't refuse. Well I figured that I would either maybe talk to one of his family members and, and just say like, can when you guys take out a loan firm or tell him to do it himself because I am gonna be going back to school next year and while my credit is great, I'm at a seven 50, I should be at an eight 50.


So I only have Year which family member? Which family member you got in mind? This is clearly His brother. I mean, somebody should know, someone should hold him accountable to at least, you know, get his own loan. So you're gonna Go to his brother and his brother's probably gonna laugh at you and go, well you should have said the same thing to him. You know? So I just, I don't like that move at all. I don't see, I know that going anywhere you can try it. George, what do you, do You have, do you have any written evidence that he acknowledged that this is his debt that he agrees to pay back? A hundred percent, yes. We have lots of text messages. I'm, I'm gonna draft up a contract soon. That's not an issue. We're just kind of agreeing on a number of what he'll give me. Well, The time to draft it was before you signed up for this.


So I don't know. I mean I hope he signs it and you could take him to like small claims court and try to deal with this if it gets to that point. That's the only way. If he doesn't pay, No. Yeah, we have text messages of talking about the loan and that he's paying and what he's willing to do. So there's Not, there's not much you can do here is what we're getting at. I mean, And I would work on paying this off yourself and maybe you'll get reimbursed, but I wouldn't let this just hang over your head for the next several years hoping that he pays this back. Right, I understand. So are you working full time right now? Yeah, I, I I may have a good income. It's just now that I'm left alone in my apartment, I, I just, I focus on investing my money.


But I do understand what You're saying. You, you have $35,000 in debt. You don't need to be investing at all until this mess up. Let's, can we run through your numbers? Li Lily of Course. Let's pretend like he never pays us back and Lily has to clean all this up. Alright, so What is your take home every month? Well, yearly I make about 120 post tax. Okay. Post tax. So that's your take home base. So 10 grand a month. 10 grand a Month. That's about 11, 12, 10 a month. It depends how much I work. And if you pause investing probably more. Well, that's how much I take before I invest in spend money. Okay. All Right. But what we, I wanna make sure you hear what George is saying. We want you to pause investing for a very short amount of time, right. So that you got more income. 'cause we want you paying this down yourself.


And then anything that the X gives you is gravy because in the eyes of the law, I don't care if you got text messages or not, this is your debt. Right. And we're not piling on here with you, but George is right, like you have gotta fix this situation. You trying to Go to his brother or his parents or signing a contract with him and all that stuff. That's not the solution. Hopefully this kid's got some character and, and he does what he says he's gonna do, But he could easily block your number and you spend the rest of your life trying to chase him around the country too. And so we just don't know what's gonna happen in the future. So you gotta control the controllables.


And that means paying off your debt that's in your name. Is this all of the debt or do you have any other debt out there? No, That, that's all of the debt. Okay. I don't have any debt on my own. What Are your monthly expenses? Bare bones about about 3000, I guess now, maybe like 4,500. Just 'cause my rent just technically doubled. Moved out. George, tell her what she needs to do. Okay, well here's the good news. If you have 5,500 left over, that means in, let's say you got 35 30 left on it. Yeah. Okay. So here's the good news. In about five or six months, this debt is gone. Right. And I'd get a roommate, wouldn't you, George? Yeah. That sounds like if your rent doubled, you gotta find another situation or get a roommate.


How much is your rent, Ma? 2,500. Okay, So it's still a quarter of your take. Take home pay. Yeah. Okay. But he was paying some rent, wasn't he? Well, he was, so my rent was 1237, but It is now. All Right, double that I'd get a roommate. Yes. You know, you don't need to be living with some other dude on the, on the end of this breakup anyway, so, you know, lick your wounds, get healthy, heal all that jazz, get this debt outta your life. And then again, hopefully he pays you back. Yeah, I know what you mean. I'm, I'm sorry, I believe believe he's a man of character. But I do understand, I just didn't know if ethically I should demand, or I should say you have to do this now and you have to go by my timeline, but I understand what you're saying.


I Think ethics are out the window. This is not an ethic issue. You're not a bad person for wanting this money back. But the truth is, there's not a lot of legal recourse here because the debt is not in his name. And so there's a stupid tax that you are gonna have to own up to and go, I cannot believe I was so blinded by love that I took on 35 grand for a guy that I'm not even with anymore. There's the lesson, That's the hard pill to swallow. And we're distracting it by this whole, like, I gotta get a contract and talk to his brother and see if he can get in touch with him to convince him. Because if he was a man of character, you wouldn't need to go through his family, I know. To keep him accountable to pay this debt back. Would you? No. Yeah. And it's just me being like a little scared Freaking out, but Well, you're, you're freaking out.


Yeah. And by the way, I get it and I feel so bad for you. Oh Man. I just, I feel like you're dad right now. I just Please Lilly don't ever do something like this again. Okay? I won't. You're so, so smart. You don't need to do this for some dude. Okay. There's never a scenario by which you need to give somebody, take a loan out for somebody. They're just not, there's always a better answer. So please tell me you're not gonna do this again, correct? Absolutely not. All Right. You got this. All Right. Good Luck with the debt payoff. Yeah. It's not gonna be fun, but hey, five months from now you're back to square one. Living your best life


What's up guys? It's Jade. And let me tell you, when my husband and I had $280,000 of student loan debt, we were not sitting around waiting on the government to bail us out. We did the hard work to pay it off ourselves. So if you're still holding out hope that forgiveness is coming. That's like you waiting for your landlord to start paying your rent. It ain't gonna happen. If you really want those student loans gone, you need a plan. And for some of you, refinancing might be part of the plan. So I recommend Laurel Road. With Laurel Road, you can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can set up 30 minutes to talk to a real actual human being to find out if refinancing is right for you. Ramsey's advice is clear. Get out of debt as fast as possible, and a lower rate or a shorter term can make that possible. Laurel Road has low competitive rates and they even offer interest rate discounts. So stop waiting on the maybe's and the some days and start taking action today. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash Ramsey to get a free rate, quote or schedule a free 30 minute consultation. That's Laurel Road dot com slash Ramsey.


All Right, back to the big apple we go. Nicole is joining us there. How can we help today? Hi, I'm so excited that I got through. I've just started, discovered you guys in March and on my ride to my mother's house, I listened to you guys for about 16 hours in the car. Wow. Bless your heart. Thank you. Congratulations. I'm Sorry. Congratulations. Hope your ears are, Are bleeding from hearing us all the time. So my question is, I recently started working, I'm a registered nurse. I've been a, a nurse now for two years and I really didn't have any credit card debt. And then as soon as I started working, I started spending and now we're about $55,000 in credit card debt. And I don't know how to get out of it.


Both my husband and I make decent amount of money And we just need to figure out the right way to go about it. Do you still have the credit card? Yes, I still have them. I am, I lock them all and I'm trying to pay them all off, you know, every month, but it just doesn't seem to be going very far. What's your household income? I make about a hundred and my husband makes about 2 30, 2 50. It, it ranges with his overtime. Okay. So you're making three 50 household. What caused you to go, we don't have enough money out of $350,000, I need to go 55,000 in credit card debt. What caused that? Well, Well I guess every month we're just, we are down to like 50 cents of left in our account and we're trying, you know, we don't Where, where is $30,000 going every month.


Even in New York City. I mean, even Congress would've a hard time spending all of this money. Yeah, I don't, we we, we own our home. I, I guess, you know, mortgage and then just paying off the credit card debt. We don't really spend any money otherwise. You told me you dropped 50 5K on a credit card. So where, if I looked at your bank statement over the last two years, where would you say are the top two or three things where you're blowing money, Food, Are you eating out every night? DoorDash, what is it? Get specific? No, it, it's our, you know, grocery bills and then I guess we do order out like once a week, which we stop.


Well, what's your, let's start with the big things. 'cause you know what's funny to me is that you, you literally have no idea what you spend the 30,000 on you. You just, you couldn't even pull it. It was like, well, I don't think we're not making 30,000 a month. It usually comes to Closer to 20 about, Yeah, closer to 20. Okay. Or sometimes I said depends on overtime, so. Oh, okay. Sometimes it's less, sometimes it's 10, sometimes it's 20. It all depends on how much overtime. But What are your actual hard expenses? That hard expenses start with your mortgage. What's that? Our mortgage is 3012. Okay. That's not the problem. We Pay, we pay, like all our household bills and everything like that are about 7,000.


And then our credit cards are, you know, our credit card payments each month minimum are about two. Okay. Thousand. We still have 9,000 to go. And then, and then, Yeah. And then my husband has to take a lot of money to get to work. Usually it's about a thousand dollars or so to get to work. What does that mean to get to work? Is he flying on a private jet? Well, No, so the fire, he's a fireman. The firehouse has like house taxes and they have to pay for meals every day. And that's usually, you know, every shift he goes in, they have to bring in a meal, they have to, everyone has to contribute to the house basically.


So it's usually about a thousand months plus gas. And then we have, you know, gas bills, everything like that. Okay. I'm confused where the other 7,000, you said there's household expenses of 7,000 outside of the mortgage? I mean, I, I, I guess it depends on the overtime, but I mean my, my, I I, I have everything written down. Everything that we spend, do You have any other debt outside of the 55 in credit cards? Yeah. Yes. Yes. I have a school loan and I have a car loan. Okay. How much is the car loan and how much is the school loan? School loan is 30,000 and the car loan is about 27.


Okay. So you've got well over a hundred thousand dollars in consumer debt. You have a great income and I think the solution here is to get on a very strict written budget with your husband starting tonight. Okay. Now is he willing or is he like, eh, whatever we're doing fine. No, he, he's willing, he's willing. He and both of us, we don't shop like, we just do basics. You know, we're just living basically we don't, I don't know anyone who lives basically making three 50 who still goes 60 grand into credit card debt. I just don't, I don't believe that It was the first year that I started working. It was just my mistake. And I was spending on them when I shouldn't have, 'cause I didn't have any.


Sorry. Okay. Well your new life starts today. I'm gonna gift you EveryDollar premium. It's our, it's our budgeting app. And here's what you're gonna do. There's an onboarding process, it's quick, and then you're gonna list out your income for the month, whatever you think it will be based on, you know, you said it's irregular, there's gonna be some commissions and some balances there, but then you're gonna list all of your expenses beneath that and that's gonna show you how much margin you should have or that you don't have. It'll show you, hey, you have $3,000 left to budget. Every single extra dollar is gonna be going toward your smallest debt. Make minimum payments on the rest. You can keep up with the minimum payments. Correct? Yes. Okay. I I do pay the minimum payments every month and I so far have paid off three of the crowd cards since I started listening to you guys.


Good, Good for you. That debt snowball method is your ticket out of this thing and making three 50, you can knock out, you know, 120 grand in debt really quickly. Yeah. 'cause I think there's a lot of room in this budget and your income, this shovel is going to save you guys if you can get a handle on it. But the good news is, Nicole, this is not the first we've heard of this. We get calls all the time, people making insane money and they're going, we're paycheck to paycheck. We got bills up to our eyeballs. And it's because of lifestyle creep. The more you make, the more you're gonna spend, the more you can stomach that next payment. So what you and your husband have to get really good at is saying no, no to more debt. No to eating out, no to the luxuries that you're used to. This is gonna, you're gonna feel like you're living in college again.


And you know, maybe hub starts taking casserole to the firehouse. You know, They're not really allowed. That's a fight that we have pretty often. I Thought it was a funny little idea. And I know shot down casserole not allowed. It's unconstitutional. That feels un-American to me, but I digress. Yeah, they have, they have to make the meals together, they eat together, you know, I'm confused. What kind of job costs you a thousand dollars a month to work at? Well, it's, it's, it's, you know, they have the house tax, they have to pay house tax, I mean cover Shampoo. It's not a fraternity that he signed up for. It's a job house Tax. Yeah. Well they pay, you know, pay for the food and the house grocery bills. They, And You're telling me like shampoo, they live there basically, you know, a lot of times they live there for, you know, yeah.


A day Or so. Well, here's the deal. We, we digress on that. He, here's what I want you to understand. You getting in your budget, and by the way, we're so glad you called, we're glad you're jumping on board. You've made some great progress. But I'm gonna tell you something, it will set you and your husband free when you truly get every budget item in that EveryDollar budget and begin to look at it because when you can see it, And we weren't trying to grill you or put you on the spot spot, we're having Some fun, we're Having a little bit of fun. But it's obvious that there's a lot of spending that you still don't have your hands on. And so by knowing where EveryDollar is going, what a game changer. You would be surprised, I promise you right now, and George, I'm gonna put you on the spot here, but if you and I went to their house tonight And we brought a casserole with us 'cause I think maybe we would And we had dinner with you and then afterwards we got it all out on the table And we got the legal pads or the whiteboard or whatever.


I bet you we could find a lot of money in your budget. George. You Agree? I could find probably $12,000 in the past month that could have gone towards debt payoff. That's my best guess. Now that's not to scold you, Nicole, that's to Encourage You. And once again, I, you know, his, his pay is variable as is mine because of overtime. Sure. But On a bad month you're still making 10 or 12 grand. Yeah. So sometimes a paycheck for it might be 3000, sometimes it's 7,000. Sometimes mine's 1700, sometimes mine 3,500, you know. And that's even more reason for you guys to get really serious. That's right. And we have to live like we don't know what's gonna happen tomorrow. That's right. And that means not borrowing money, having money in the bank. Do you guys have anything and savings right now?


Yeah, we have. And we have. You have like, you know, retirement funds and everything Like that. Li liquid cash. Do you have like a, a savings account? No. No. Okay. I think you guys are gonna Pay our mortgage And everything. You guys are about to experience something called financial peace where you're not stressed about money. I'm gonna gift you that on top of EveryDollar premium. There's nine lessons in there. Watch every single lesson with your husband. Have a hard conversation. Do that budget, have a weekly budget meeting. Make a new budget before every month begins and you're gonna feel so much more in control. Yes, because you guys work too hard. You're too successful to be living this paycheck to paycheck life. And Nicole, when you have one of those big months, you get ahead and then pretty soon you're outta debt and now you're really making progress.


Hang in there, you'll get it. We're gonna walk with you.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps. Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


Alright George. So when people are tackling debt or building wealth, one of the things that it's kind of a human thing is to, is to forget about one important step in each of those goals. Whether you're trying to get rid of debt or build your wealth, it's insurance. And I know you like to talk nerdy about it. Insurance, it's a big thing for you. You love insurance, but having the right coverage as opposed to too little or this is one you talk about a lot. Too much insurance. Either way it can really hamper the journey. And so you probably begs the question you're going, All Right Ken, you make a good point. How do I know if I have the right coverage? Good question. If you Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup, this is a short quiz and it's going to tell you what you need or what you don't need when it comes to insurance coverage.


So it could save you a lot of money or it could really protect you from financial harm. Again, takes just about five minutes. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. And George, you do this on a regular basis yourself. It's Probably the number one place I send people to because it's such a great quick resource to go. I don't wanna have too much, I don't wanna overspend, I don't want to be unprotected here. When it comes to building wealth, this is a big part. It's not a baby step for a reason, it's a part of the entire Ramsey plan. So get this stuff done today, make sure you're protected. Alright, Adam is up next in San Diego. Adam, How can we help today? Hi guys. Trying to finalize a divorce and then I've been dating another woman for a while And we live in different cities and both have young children and 50 50, 50 custody.


So trying to figure out how we navigate living in two cities. Yeah Man, I don't know that either one of us know how to handle that deal. That sounds like a lot of complexity. But I mean, for sake of giving you an answer, What are the expenses? You have to be where you live and she lives where she lives. You guys are not a joint household. You, you haven't even finalized a divorce. She's got her kids in another city. You got your kids in your city. We got custody issues. Lot of complexity. And the solution to complexity, George is usually simplicity. So you do your life and when you guys get together, it's date night.


You got a budget for that I hope. But other than that, you're doing your thing. She's doing her thing Well kind for now. So we're trying to kind of navigate that. She is fully divorced and, and mine's been kind of a three year process that's ending. We see each other almost probably half the month at this point. She's in Phoenix. So it's a, it's a cheap, cheap flight. Usually $75 round trip flight back and forth between us. So let Me flip this back to you. I gave you my opinion and, and, and again, the opinion doesn't cost you anything and you quickly went into explain mode, but you called us.


What are you struggling with and how do you want us to help you? You, you got it. So my, my big question, I guess I've got a house here with my ex that's gonna sell and as we navigate getting married, she has a a mortgage there. What I'm trying to decide is post-marriage, right. Combined households, even though we're living in two separate places, how should we pay down the debt on her mortgage or should I look to buy a house and try to grow equity here? And so we would have two, we would end up with two mortgages in that. Why would you keep the other house if she's not living there?


Well, she, she would continue to live in Phoenix and I would continue to live here. And you not be married? No, that's a a after we're married, why Would you live in two, two different cities when you're married? Because we, I mean, Like I said, we have 50 50 custody of children and both of us. So you're both tied to those places? We're both tied to those places. Then let me ask a really dumb question. Why get married? Well, we, we fell in love And we love each other. We spent a lot of time working through that and figuring it out. But what makes this a marriage if you're not together? So I mean the, the kind of the we, like, we see each other half, half of the month, so probably half the days in the month, something like that.


And because we're both Christians and believers, our divorces didn't come through desires of our own. They came through actions of our, our partners. And as we kind of came together and met and, and talked, we found that that there was a lot of connection and similarity and that the, I mean marriage is, is the next step for us. Okay. That I, okay, I'm starting to understand now. I appreciate that conviction. I I get it. But again, back to George's question then I I I get why you wanna be married and you are locked in because of the custody deal. I get it. But I wouldn't have two houses that we have mortgages on.


Yeah. So Am I right George? Yeah. She visiting you half the month and then the next month you're visiting her half the month. It's, it's kind of back and forth. So, you know, one week our custody schedule's aligned so I go there when I don't have, my kids don't and she comes here when she doesn't have the kids. So it's, I'm there once a month almost. And she's here once a month. Okay. And how, how much longer do we have of this kind of custody issue where we're stuck where we are because of that? Is this 10 years, 15 years? Probably about 10 years. It's probably about 10 years. Yeah. Okay. That It is just too long of a time for me to do this like long distance marriage relationship.


So I don't know what the, if there's a magic solution to this, I just know I wouldn't be comfortable paying these two mortgages for 10 years while living there half the time for each of you. I would rather just be a little more flexible. Maybe rent somewhere and use the funds to either stockpile, savings, invest, but it just feels like a big waste. How much will you walk away with Adam, when you sell this house post-divorce? How much will you walk away with? My portion of it'll be about 300,000. Okay. And you said that the, the girlfriend, she has a mortgage on her house. She has a mortgage of about 500,000 on her home. Is it pretty big? Yeah, it's a four bedroom, three bathhouse, good Bath house.


Can, can either one of you downsize or both? How many kids are you talking about? Let's, let's talk about you first. How many kids you have? I have two kids. How Old are they? They are a 9-year-old son and a 6-year-old, almost 7-year-old daughter. Okay. So you don't need a big place for when you have time with 'em, you don't need a big place with them, correct? Nope. I'm in a, I'm currently in a two bedroom apartment here. I moved, I moved out about a, a year ago. Okay, Well and then if you're gonna marry this woman, I would have the same conversation with her. You guys are in a very transient relationship. The two of you. Okay. And then you got the kids coming back and forth. So if she doesn't need that big old house, I would have her downsize as well.


Eliminate the debt if you guys are gonna get married and I feel like this is happening whether George and I like it or not. Yeah. It's not up to us. The Key is you're gonna have to learn how to budget for all this if this is a non-negotiable. We're keeping these houses, we have to have the income to support all of this and more. So can you guys do that currently with no issue? Yeah, I mean It is, it's currently happening. She's paying hers and, and covering the mortgage fine. And, and I'm fine in my situation here. I got, we've got emergency funds and are continuing to hit our investments. No debt. Okay. Other than these mortgages And you have a mortgage on your apartment other Than, other than the one mortgage there and then yeah, the the mortgage that will end here. Yes.


If she could downsize, I feel like that would be great and, and get close to paying it off through that process At least to limit your expenses. But I'm not sure why you called now that we've actually talked, 'cause it sounds like you've got on like you're on top of this. Are you The sense for another thing you were thinking of? I guess, I guess the question that I'm, I'm thinking of is, the real question was should we pay down her mortgage there or look to buy in both or me look to buy here after we're married. I Bet we already answered that. We don't think you should, you don't need two homes that you have a mortgage on. So yeah, if you guys get married and if and when you get married then you start paying her down that. And I'm saying, well one of the strategies ought to be to downsize if she can sell that $500,000 house in Phoenix and make a good chunk of money and downsize because this is a season for you guys.


This is about a 10 year season you said, right? So I would actually reduce expenses by reducing space. Sounds like you've done that good on you. But I think this other lady and your girlfriend needs to do this in Phoenix. And then we kind of just, we regroup after the kiddos have left the nest. Yeah, You guys are in baby steps 4, 5, 6 if you have no consumer debt. So invest that 15%, put some money away for the kids' college, however you guys decide to do that. And then anything left over, let's chunk it at the the next smallest mortgage and get it knocked out.


All Right.


Today's Ramsey Show question of the day is sponsored by Why Refi when you're tired of making no progress on your defaulted private student loans. Why Refi can help you explore fresh start with low fixed rate financing, refinancing rather. So if you wanna stop spinning your wheels and Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey and learn more, I highly recommend it. That's YREF y.com/ Ramsey. It may not be available in Allstate.


Today's question comes from Jared in Nevada. How do you feel about businesses that prefer to be paid in cash? We are doing some home upgrades and following the baby steps has allowed us to pay in cash. A friend recommended asking our vendor if he would prefer cash payments and I was shocked when they jumped at the notion and offered a better price for cash payments. Is this ethical? As a Christian, I feel conflicted. I'm not opposed to paying my fair share of taxes, but this feels like a win-win for everyone except perhaps Uncle Sam. Wow. Okay. See, Jared is assuming that this is now tax evasion, which I think is a far Cry. Yeah, I don't, I was gonna say, unless I'm missing something here. Asking someone to pay in cash doesn't mean that they're evading taxes.


Number one, it helps the business owner avoid, you know, the 3% credit card processing fees. There we go. Which saves them big money. Ask any small business owner how much they pay in these stupid fees that just make credit card companies richer and they'll tell you. So I don't think this is as big of an issue as you think It is unless you have clear indication that this is a front and they're running some kind of shady business, in which case I just wouldn't do business with them. But you're not morally responsible for what a business does with their money here. Yes and yes. And and here's what I would say to that. If they ask you to pay for it with a debit card or a check, okay, you still don't know what they're gonna do with that money.


They doesn't mean they're reporting their taxes properly, they're paying taxes. So you've built this up in your mind somehow it feels really, really skeezy or something. And it's not. It's just cash. So, and by the way, just because you're a Christian doesn't mean we do, we really need to be worried about the federal government. I mean, I think they're gonna take care of themselves. It's not your job. I mean, think about it. We not your job pay taxes on our income and then with our post-tax income, we pay sales tax with the post-tax income. That's Right. Pay Cash. It's just a never ending loop. So cash Is king. Yeah, I pay my fair share Uncle Sam and more, but I I nothing wrong with paying cash. In fact, I always ask if they have a cash discount and I would say seven outta 10 times I get a discount.


Yeah, it's happened this week. You Know what I think I might do this weekend? I think I might Go to a restaurant and literally pay cash just to freak out the waiter. They wouldn't know what to do with that. They Wouldn't know what to do. Although wait, I just Lay it all out, you know, what's the bill? Okay, think about, hold on a second, I'm licking my finger like my grandfather counting out the bills. I don't wanna touch a bill that has been licked. I agree. It's just, I said that I knew that that would bother you, but back in the day, a distinguished gentleman would lick a bill to try to get it, you know, out of the, he's got the whole thing going on. He says counting it. Okay, let get, that's If the bills are real crispy, fresh out of the bank vault And usually the guys that are Yeah, You nailed it. You gotta watch that in slow Em, you nailed it for a guy who would never do it.


That was well done. I've seen it done. I knew it, But I don't have enough hand sanitizer in the world after touching that bill. No, That's the truth. You're probably nervous about licking your own thumb right here. Yeah, I'm actually thinking about it right now. Yeah. Mm. Let's move on. Donna in Seattle, how can we help? Hi, thanks for having me. You bet. So my, my question is related to investment properties. So me and my significant other, we both live in Seattle, Washington, but his family lives in Syracuse, New York. We were looking at homes around there mainly for his parents just because the pro the house that they bought there. And we weren't super happy with what they, with what they bought.


And you know, his, his siblings could have done a better job as kind of focusing more on, on what to buy besides that. So we, so we were looked around and so it's on a pro. We found an open lot. They're asking for 60 k, a lot of the utilities are already done. Electrical sewers, done a lot's actually cleared. It's been on the market for over 200 days. And you know, my my thinking is okay in this area there's a big chip manufacturer that's going in there. They're expanding their healthcare. So, and houses are actually selling are going in pending within two weeks to less than 30 days.


So are there any other aspects I should look at for, you know, to purchases this in investment? He's more conservative than I than I am. And you know, we already looked at what I'm, what do we call, I Feel conflating to either, either mom and dad need a place to live and they're unable to figure it out because they're incapacitated health wise and you're the financial power of attorney. Or we're buying an investment property across the country for no reason under the guise of helping in-laws. Yeah. I'm a little confused. Which one is it? I'm confused as well. It It is, it's both right. So who's paying for this for, for me. Oh, we can afford it. But why, why can't the parents afford it?


They haven't made the best financial decisions. The great people that they have, I think they make emotional financial decisions. So let's label it what It is. It's not an investment. It's you sinking your hard-earned money into people who have been financially irresponsible their whole lives. But we would own the property. We would Yeah, But wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. So quick question. All Right. Just wanna make sure we got the details. They're currently in a situation they cannot afford. Did I get that correct? They can afford, they can afford where they live right now. Yes, But I, okay. I thought they made a bad purchase decision and this was all about getting 'em out of it. Well, so it, they can afford to live, but they're spending money on a place with fixing, remodeling, things that should be lowered on the list.


Who's paying for all this remodeling? They are, they're putting themselves in the debt doing that. Okay. And is this your parents or your husband's parents? His parents. Okay. It's his parents. And I heard the part about the other siblings let them make a bad decision. I'm not sure I buy into that. These are grown, these are grown people. But what I don't understand, I'm with George on this one, is, are they actively trying to get out of their current house? Meaning they're gonna now sell it and then, and then jump into the house that, that you buy and they're gonna pay you rent. Is that the solution? Yes. Okay. What happens when they can't, what happens when they can't afford the rent paying you?


They, well, they're both retired so they're able to pay. So the mortgage that they pay now would be the same. What, But you just told me they're going into debt because they can't even afford the renovations. What makes you think as they get older they're gonna be more financially stable? I don't, So do you see what we're saying? You're buying, you're taking on debt, which is a risk for people that you can't get away from without a lot of pain if they start messing up their financial life just 'cause they are in your house and now they don't, they can't do renovations. They may find ways to spend money on other stuff and all of a sudden they can't pay rent and now they're, now they're in your house.


Do you see why we're concerned or does it seem like we're being a little bit too uptight? No, no, I see your concern. But the so, but the point is it would still be under our name and doesn't matter accumulate by you, It doesn't matter. We're talking about the part where you gotta kick 'em out. We can't pay the rent During this show, Donna, we took a call earlier, like an hour ago where someone said, I have to evict my mom 'cause she hasn't paid the rent. That's exactly right on my rental property. What do I do? And so I don't think you should ever intermingle your finances with family. It's going to sever the relationship. You're gonna become resentful, you're gonna be on the hook for all the finances under the guise of, well this was supposed to be an investment property that panned out.


We would never tell someone to buy investment property across the country and especially not for their in-laws to live in and hopefully pay them rent for the rest of their lives. So truthfully, I would just not get involved in this. What is forcing you guys to be involved Just to have something better for his parents. But they have chosen this and they've made peace with it, it sounds like regardless of if it's good for them or not, that's not the point. But it's, it's not, they're not asking for your input. And one other quick thing, I thought I heard you say that you are more aggressive or a little bit more risk to take her than your husband.


Correct. I'm more of a risk taker in coming to investments. Right. I I I have always been very financially down. So here's my follow up question. Does your husband, he's got some, he's got some holdups on this himself doing this, correct? Yes. Then back off. These are his parents. If you wanna be an investment property mogul, you go for it in your own area with tenants that you select. I would not intermingle the in-laws in all this. It's a recipe for disaster. And if your husband, who's their son is nervous about this, I have to hold off on this, stay out of it.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, their profession, and their relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. We'd love to hear from you alongside George Kamel. I'm m Ken Coleman and we're gonna get to Ryan in Houston, Texas. Ryan, How can we help today? Hey, this is Ryan. I've own an outdoor landscape and construction company and I've been doing it for the past 10 years probably. And I, oh, since COVID I have found myself, I guess deeper in depth than I ever have. And then in 2024, the, my line of work slowed down to the point that I actually went backwards in sales versus the other years where I was all always increasing our numbers.


And so I had financed a bunch of stuff based off of what we had done in sales over the last couple of years thinking that we would only continue to produce more and more. And when that wasn't the case and the bottom kind of fell out of our, our market of our economy for what we do in 2024, we started, started tanking and even considering bankruptcy and other options. So How much debt are you in total? I would guess somewhere close to half a million. And what does that make up?


What what are the debts? Yeah, we got one of those COVID loans for about a hundred thousand dollars to the SBA and between a couple of trucks and a tractor, I owe another 150 to 200. I don't, I don't have the exact figure sitting in front of me. Okay. Do you Have equity in any of those pieces of equipment? No. No, I don't. How's business now Business is still kind of slower because I also, I also moved at the beginning of this summer to another city, so I relocated.


So I'm having to restart from almost, you know, no, no clientele. No one knows who we are and just bought a new house over here too. Why'd you move? Didn't, didn't like the area that, that we were in. And are you married? Just wanted No, No. Single. Yep. Okay. And what's your mortgage? What's left on that? Well it's, It is brand new right? At 300,000, well about two 90. Okay. How much could you sell all the equipment for if you had to? The stuff that's got loans on it? I would be, I would be negative on those and so I would have to come up with the difference to get the banks paid off.


Yeah. What would that, I think you need to do some homework and figure out exactly how much you owe. I would go pull your credit report from all three bureaus@annualcreditreport.com and pull all of that. Get some real facts and figures on your numbers. 'cause right now it's all just a guess and you're overwhelmed and scared. So we need some facts on paper to understand what we're actually dealing with. We gotta see what this boogeyman looks like. Yes, sir. Once you have all that, now we can figure out what everything's actually worth, then we can figure out how much we're underwater and that becomes our, our gap. We need to save up. Yes. Yes. But It feels like to me that, that you've gotta do what George says and go, okay, let me just see what I can do here and how much we can knock this thing down.


You know, filing for bankruptcy is the last option here. And, and I almost wonder if you just, if you don't try to go work for somebody else for a season, you know, you just move to a new area, but you've got skill and you've got experience. True or false? Yeah, both. True. And the, the other thing I was actually trying to get outta what I do. Okay. Because of the labor field, the, the employees and the damages and the, and the bad choices that they bring and they cause Okay, what would you do to, I've got some other options. I could start a hot shot company where I go around hauling loads for people at, at various prices by myself.


And Is that, is that gonna pay you the most amount of money? Mm. You get my point here. Let, let, let me reframe you for just a minute. We'll get back to your bigger debt issue. George, you know where I'm going with this. I I I wanna know what you can make the most amount of money doing right now. What can you do? What skillset and experience hauling people's junk. I can do that and I have very little skills as George knows, But Ken and I can go get a pickup and just, And George and I can trash start a trash hauling company today. But I mean, we aren't, that's not a premium service. What do you get paid the highest dollar to do? What? Where's the most margin for you?


What kind of jobs? Well, It's, it's selling, selling the outdoor landscape. Construction's probably the highest, but it, it seems to be such a rollercoaster. And that's, that's kind of the first thing. Budget. Why is a rollercoaster? What happened in 2024 where it's like, well the market in Houston just nobody wants landscaping anymore. I just don't buy that. Yeah, You Keep blaming people, people Quit spending money on, on stu on services like That. All Right, let's say that you're right and we're wrong, although I have some questions which we're not gonna solve in our limited time. Let's go back to the question real quickly. I want you to answer it. What is the best skill and experience that you have outside of what you've been doing and hauling trash.


Gimme something. What do you, what? Where can you make the most money right now? Doing what I've bought and sold real estate and I've bought and sold heavy equipment trailers and trucks. Okay. But again, bought and sell. That's not a skill. You're telling me a business idea. You don't have any money. And so you getting into some type of business right now is very Risky. You're, you're looking for the next scheme to shortcut your way out of this. And there is no shortcut out of a half million dollars in debt when you're underwater on all this equipment. Yeah. The next scheme's gonna put you further into debt. You understand? So one last shot. What's a trade skill that you have? Their best trade skill? Like I said, driving trucks. I could get a job with Dr you know, driving semis, making 150,000 a year.


Alright, what did you pay yourself last year? I didn't pay myself anything because the business I I I get it would've hurt. I It is a trap question. Yeah, go start driving a truck today, George. Now what does he do after he starts making 150,000? You're Gonna live on as little of it as possible and make minimum payments on your debts to keep them current. And you're gonna have to debt snowball your way out of this, attack the little, the smallest debt first with all the margin you can. And then work your way out of this. And if you can get a loan for the difference from a credit union on some of this equipment and sell it and get rid of it, that's your best bet. Yeah. If you can do that with all of the equipment, it'll really bring your debt way down. I could, I could go into the trucking deal two ways.


I could go in it driving someone else, someone else's semi or I could go into it with my truck and trailer that I currently have and, and make about the same amount of money. Do you have all the correct licensing? You don't need to get any further experience or tests? No. Yeah, I've got all that. Well then that's what I would And you don't have a team right now for your business. Is there anyone that's on your payroll? I got three employees, right? Yeah. I've got three employees on the landscape company right now. Well, You can tell them they gotta go find other work shut. Yeah. What are they doing down if there's no business to be had? Well, I, I'm, I'm finding and selling some jobs, but I'm not, I'm not finding the, the, the bigger jobs that I'm used to selling that, that put money in the bank.


It's, it still seems like the area of Texas that I'm in is Ryan, you gotta stop blaming everything. It's the location. Nobody wants to work. It's the labor you signed up for half a million dollars in debt. So let's start with the bad choices there before we go pointing fingers and let's clean this up. Income is going to be the solution here while bringing your expenses as low as possible. So everything that you don't have to drive in this new trucking job you sell. And yes, you'll have to pay the difference off, but that again is gonna give you some breathing room. You gotta get after this. Go make some money and don't try to start another business. Not now.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. Do you ever feel like insurance companies only care about your money and not what you actually need? Well, there's a better way. When you Go to Ramsey's Insurance resource Hub, you'll start feeling confident that you're getting the right coverage that's truly best for you. You'll find helpful info on everything from life insurance, health insurance, identity theft, protection and more. And when you're ready to get the coverage you need, you can connect with a Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pro who will only get you what you need at the best price. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


Alright, question for you. Have you ever found yourself trying to explain to baby steps to somebody Yes. Struggling with money you have? It's difficult sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Words are hard for you at times. Exactly. Well if that's you, you're going, I love this stuff. I can understand it, but I'm trying to talk to my family about it or friends or whatever we put together. I say we whatever. There's no, we, I didn't do anything but our amazing production team probably led by our fearless leader, James Childs. For all I know one would assume have put together the RAMSEY 1 0 1 Playlist. You're asking, well what's a Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist? What that means is the basics, the fundamentals in a free, easy to share Playlist. It covers what are the baby steps, how to pay off debt with the debt snowball, or maybe how to build an emergency fund. Just to give you some just basic examples. And you can get this by clicking on the link at the top of our show notes to open the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube so you can see it. You can, by the way, this link is easy 'cause it's on YouTube. You can text it, DM it, send it in a group chat. Can you snap it? I don't know. Is that a thing? I think kids are doing that. I'm not on Snapchat, but my kids are. I dunno if you if they're doing links in there, but I don't know. But the point is, if you can send a link, it's there. The Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist. Check it out in the show notes.


Andrew's up in Austin, Texas. Andrew, how can we help? Hello? Hi. I just wanted to ask like some advice on what you would do in my situation and my current situation is that I'm, I'm currently a university student in Austin and I fortunately got a full ride and I am thinking about going into graduate school. However, that would have to come out of pocket. And the reason why I'm kind of like not wanting to do that is because of course it would have to like, I would've to get a loan. And that means going to debt. Yes. After I just got a free, you know, college education. So smart man. I just, I don't really know what to do.


Okay, let's just walk through the details. Okay? 'cause I think your instincts are right. Let's walk through it, see if George and I agree with you. Okay. So how much would it cost you out of pocket to get this graduate degree? I'm thinking it's gonna be around, well it's instate, so it would probably be less than 200,000. But I'm, I'm thinking somewhere around there. Let's maybe like 150. What kind of program is this? Hold on, you're getting ahead of me, George. He, I had some sticker shock. Okay. Understandably so. Are we saying one 50 or 200? What are we saying Andrew? One 50. Let's Say, let's say one 50. All Right. Now let's answer George's question. What is this degree?


Aerospace engineering. MB a doctorate. PhD. What? Master's? Yes. Yes. PhD. So a PhD in what? Aerospace engineering. Oh, you're one of those smart people. Okay. All Right. Very nice. That's impressive. Okay, so when they say it's not rocket science, this one actually is science. This one actually is rocket science. Rocket science. Got it. That's right. PhD. Okay. All Right. So now the next question. If, if the PhD program were not on the table, like there was no way you could do it, what would your Next Steps be? Where would you be headed? I would probably just get a job and start working from there. And start in what building wealth.


Well I want to work for SpaceX. That's the goal. Or nasa, I want to design spacecraft or airplanes. I'm still kind of like in the middle of choosing between that. Great. I'm barely turning into a junior, so I'm, I'm barely You got time becoming a junior. Gotcha. Yeah, I've got time about it. Alright, so it, the point of my question was, your instincts were, I don't want to go into debt that's gonna add a lot of pressure. All the things that you said. And by the way, George and I completely agree that those things are real and you don't need the PhD right now. You already know the direction you want to go. You may not know the destination but you know the direction.


You understand the difference. Exactly. Great. So if it were me, I would not get the PhD right now because I believe that if the PhD is something that is needed or wanted down the line, after you've gotten into your field and you've crushed it and you have no debt and so you've been able to stack up cash, you're investing all the things that George will walk you through, I want George to kinda walk you through your steps coming outta college here, assuming no debt. But at that point there's a good chance that there might be a company who would reimburse you or pay for your PhD program down the line. You following me? Yes. So that's the best case scenario. And then worst case, you have a great income doing aerospace engineering with undergrad and you put away 50 grand a year for three years and you cashflow the program.


So that's option B. But I like this plan of you finishing undergrad, getting some work experience, getting a great income. My, I assume you're gonna make six figures out the gate. I hope. I hope so. I'm not, I'm actually not even sure I see online it's like 80 to like 120. Okay. So let's call it six figures. And let's say you keep living like a broke college student and you're able to put away 50 KA year or so. Now you can cashflow this thing without having a mountain of debt to stare at while being stressed about trying to step into this new field. And you may find out once you get in the field, and this is my number one reason for putting off a graduate degree. 'cause you may find out you don't need it.


Yeah. That's honestly the whole reason why I even like thought about it was 'cause my father wants me to go into graduate school and Ah, there we go. See That's a terrible reason I just Say to go 200 grand into debt As a father. There are times where I project things on my kids. That's something that I think is a good idea and it's not the right idea. It may be a good idea, but it may not be the right idea. And in this case, sometimes your dad wants you to do this and, and there's could be a variety of reasons why I'm sure his heart's in the right place, but I would not do this if I were you, you could always come back. You understand what I'm saying? Like, you could get out in there and go, you know what?


I wish I had gone and gotten the PhD into George's point. Now you're in a place where you can cash flow it and there's no Stress. And if dad wants you to Go to grad school that badly, he can pay for it. Dude, how about that? Hey, no, There's a solution. Yeah. Go Dad, I don't have 200 grand so I'm not gonna do this 'cause you taught me to be a responsible adult, so let's, and Like I had told him like, so like, how am I gonna pay for this? And he said, oh, I mean like, don't even worry about it. It's gonna pay itself off after you get out and you already have a PhD and you get a job. And I'm Like, yikes. I don't think that's how that works, but I'm good for you young man. Good for you. It's like, wait a second, dad. Mm, how's that work? You know? And and oh, oh by the way, does it come with stress relief pills?


You know, because all that debt hanging over your head. Because see, you really figured that out. Like George, one of the things I noticed right outta the gate with Andrew was he had already weighed the cost, the emotional and mental cost. Yeah. That a lot of people don't weigh the whole idea. Well, it'll pay for itself theoretically over time. If, if it does help you get a job, it can make money, blah, blah, blah, blah. But what nobody ever takes into account is the emotional and the mental anguish. That's true. And the fact that you're realizing that there's a lot of zeros on the end of this decision and you should not just jump into it because somebody said you can make a lot of money in aerospace. There's a lot of wisdom coming from you, especially at a young age.


So I would listen to that small voice. Yeah, We're with you team Andrew, right here. Thank you. All it takes is, you know, Trump and Elon having one more fight and another government contract gets cut all of a sudden SpaceX isn't hiring and now you're stuck. 'cause you thought, I have a PhD, hire Me SpaceX, my dream. That's a very good point. So I Would hold it all very loosely while working your tail off and living on less than you make, saving up as much as you can in order to fund this dream in the future if if it's necessary. Yeah, I I'm glad you said that because for those of you that can hear what George said and not think that he was taking a shot at either one of those men, no, It's just the truth. The Fact of the matter is that could very well happen. It did. Contracts were threatened.


You can say whatever you want to, but there were young people, what, 20 years ago, 25 years ago that had just come out of school and they're like, I wanna go work for Enron. This is gonna be great. It's A great company. I used to My MBA, I'm 150,000 in debt, but I just got an office on the sixth floor of Enron that was on a Monday afternoon on Tuesday morning. The place was locked up. For some of you who are too young to know what I'm talking about, go google it so you don't think I'm pulling a, a boomer move right here, which by the way, I'm an X or not a boomer. Yeah. Give him some credit, Gimme a little bit of credit here. But you know, the point is, is they thought they had it, they thought they had it made, they had no idea that that company was a shell of itself and everything evaporated.


George, just like that. So that's a very key point. Is an extreme example. Yes. But if you add debt on top of all of that, you got a recipe for disaster. And that's the calls we take on the show is when you thought something was gonna work out and it didn't. And so being debt free is the way to be.


Hey, what's up Dr. John Delony here. The new dates have dropped for the Money and Marriage Getaway over Valentine's Day weekend in 2026. This is your chance to hit pause on everything in your life and reconnect with your spouse over a long weekend in Nashville, Tennessee. Me and my friend Rachel Cruz will be digging into topics like sex, money, communication and more. This weekend is happening on February 12th through the 14th and early bird prices start at $749 per couple, but the prices will be going up soon. Get your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Graduation doesn't come with a GPS, don't we know that? And we got a lot of students right now in this country walking into the real world with no clue on the direction they should go. This is a deep passion of mine. It's why I and the team created the get clear career assessment. Find the work you're wired to do, student Edition. This is designed for students to get clarity so they can build a real plan that will help them move forward in their professional life. It's only 34 99. The assessment and the book, the book's about a 45 minute read. It's mean coaching your student through their results. Three things they learned in the assessment. Number one, what they're really good at. Two, what they enjoy doing. And three, the results that motivate them. If you can use what you do best to do, what you love, to produce results that you care about, I got news for you. You're gonna be very, very successful. And, and You'll have enough because of the results you're getting. You can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Let's Go to Jean in Vancouver. Jean, how can we help? Yeah, I was just, I wanted to ask the question if my girlfriend and I should get married right now, given all the circumstances and all the factors. Well, what are your circumstances and factors? So we've been together for five years, right? Just like a lot of relationships. And we've had our ups and downs. We're both believers, both trying to grow in our faith. I like, I, I've been technically married before, which pretty much means 12 years ago I made a dumb decision of just going to a courthouse with a girl like a month after meeting her. And I've just kind, kind of had some like relationship stuff in my past.


Like I was engaged another time to a girl I was with for a year and she, and she just wasn't ready. Her parents were going through a divorce, couldn't make it work. But recently, I guess you could say I hit like a, kind of a weird, like I was getting ready for engagement and then I kind of hit a weird patch where I kind of ran into burnout at work and just kind of fell into like a little bit of anxiety and just trying to like rebuild my internal world and taking some time off work. Like I've been off work for almost a couple weeks, which she's okay with. Like she says, she's willing to work with me through everything. And who, and I'm just, And I'm kind of who you say I'm sorry, hold up. When you say she, you mean your girlfriend is okay with this?


Yeah, like she said, she's willing to like, work, work with me through things and rebuild things. And obviously she wants to get engaged, like we're both in our high thirties. Right. What's, What's your work saying about this? Are, is your work giving you this time off or is this time you've taken off like paid medical leave, Like a paid medical leave? I, I talked to my work about it and explained the situation and I'm still kind of figuring out if I'll even go back there to be honest. Like, I've been in sales my whole career, so I could really go kind of sell anything. What's causing the burnout? I think a lot of it was when I, I had a whole bunch on the go leading up to when it happened. Like I was selling like three properties on the side. I was in my busy time at work, I was kind of overthinking a bunch of things and I think all of it just kind came to a point where my body was like, Hey, like let's just chill.


Let's like, okay, do you, do you love this girl? I really, I really love this girl. Yeah. Is this very different than any previous relationship that you've had? Yeah, it feels like it's a lot deeper. Okay. And is she ready to get married to you? She's, she's like fully ready to, to get married to me. Yeah. In spite of everything I'm, I'm going through. For me, I just kind of feel like I'm wondering if I should have it more together and figure out more of my stuff first. Well, you keep saying all this stuff. Is there something you're not telling us? And I'm not trying to get you to bury your soul, but I wanna make sure that George and I have been doing this a long time is sometimes people will bury the lead George call. George calls it.


And so you go, all this stuff I'm going through because listen, I don't wanna minimize burnout. Okay, burnout. I get it. It happens. I think you're a classic overthinker. 'cause I'm an overthinker and I think I hear the signs. And so I'm not judging you. I'm calling myself. I'm an overthinker if I stay in my head. But is there anything else going on? Any past major trauma or is it just you are a classic overthinker and you've had some ups and downs and you just don't wanna make the wrong decision? What's going on It? It's that too. And also like, I've just been healing a little bit from like, like I think, I don't know why, but a lot of things kind of surfaced in the season. Like I was kind of feeling a little bit and just renewing my brain from some like verbal abuse and stuff from my dad.


Right. Okay. Gotcha. And at some point here, him and I are gonna Go to counseling. Like he got saved maybe two years ago. Okay. Are you going to counseling on your own right now? I am. Yeah. And, and like it's, I'm, what has the feedback Been from that? What are, what are they saying is going on or what are the, what's the solution? What kind of tools would you need to live a full stable life With them? She honestly hasn't really been talking to me that much about that. She's, she's just been more so like giving me assessments and stuff and, but I've been, I've been in counseling a little bit with like my pastor and her pastor.


Okay, great. So premarital counseling essentially? Kind of, yeah. So pretty much like the, the, like the response I'm getting from my pastor and her pastor is like, do it, do it. Like quit overthinking it. Do it. Well, there's a, there's a notion. I see. That's where I'm at. I felt like I heard that. I mean, all the things that you're dealing with right now are going to be helped by being in a healthy, stable marriage. A marriage, Yeah. Unless there's something going on that I'm unaware of. And it doesn't sound like this is the case. You actually stop thinking and start serving. 'cause that's what marriage is. You stop thinking Yeah. And start sacrificing.


'cause that's what marriage is like, dude, move forward. This is, this is a very different relationship. Feels like you've learned from the past. You're gonna think your way into being single in your fifties if you're not careful. Yeah, no, I I I appreciate that. If She's the one, the only other then decide, then do it and then keep getting healthy, you Know? Yeah. She's an amazing girl. Yeah. I just, Like I said, I just feel like a bunch, whole bunch of things happened at once and then I kind of crashed and I feel like I'm in the process of like, God restoring my Yeah. Good. Well then, then, then My internal world and then, and you got a little more complex than that too. Like, it was even like, like, like she, she, she's just getting her citizenship in our country after like eight years of fighting for it.


She's amazing that way. And then for me, like I, like, it was kinda weird, but leading up to the time where I was getting close to engagement, like I actually randomly got my citizenship in Europe through descent. Like I just hired a lawyer. I didn't really think it was possible. And then it kind of all came through and then I started overthinking things. I'm like, well, what if I'm called to Europe and she's called to here and and hear? Then maybe a lot of that kind of led to it Too. But you don't, you don't have to explain it to us. Okay, I get it. I am an overthinker hear me say, and I've learned how to stop that mess, that mess. And here's how you stop doing it. You start focusing on what you are excited about and the future that you want, and you stop focusing on all the fears that could actually hurt the future because there is no future without some type of risk in putting yourself in a marriage.


And the point is, you have been scared and overanalytical on this entire call, except for one moment, George. You remember what it was. Did you hear it in his voice When he said he loves this girl? Yeah. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't, George didn't know where I was going. That was an open-ended question. I Was a wild Guess. Well, you heard it. I did. I felt it. Your voice. You actually, I could feel your blood pressure. Just go who? Yeah. It was like, it's like you're this, you're this like cat on a top 10 roof until you talk about this girl and your voice dropped. I'll bet you your shoulders dropped. So I gotta tell you, this is all we can, we have a few minutes with you, but hearing that over the phone, hearing what your pastor said.


Yeah. George, I, here's my, Here's my take gene. I think you have been overthinking and looking for all these distractions because you, you're scared of doing the hard thing, which is dealing with what's going on inside, dealing with this impending engagement. And so you're scheming for the next thing and I'm gonna become a European citizen. I'm gonna flip another property. And if I just, you're just looking for all these ways out and the only way through It is through it. And so that's what I would tell you to do is just simplify your life. Focus on one thing at a time. Focus on stable income, focus on the relationship that you're just right in front of you and ignore everything else. Yeah. No more distractions, no more hustles, no more schemes, no more European citizenship.


Yeah. And stop focusing on all the stuff that happened to you in the past. It happened. Yeah. So it shaped you. So, so yeah. Okay. All Right. But listen, you don't have to get married tomorrow. You don't have to rush the engagement. But I would move forward, my man or else this gal's gonna move on and you don't want that to happen.


Hey guys, you know what I love about summer? All the fun yeses Yes. To pool parties, yes to snow cones and yes for all the fun and the sun moments that you can have with your family. But summer goes fast and so does summer spending. And if you're not paying attention, you're gonna look up from your slushie and wonder where is all my money going? That's why I love the EveryDollar app. It's so simple. It helps you create a custom budget and give EveryDollar a job to do. And let me tell you, you'll know exactly what is happening with your money and that gives you such freedom and guilt-free spending. So do yourself and your summer a favor.


Go download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play today. Our scripture of the day is Proverbs two, verses six through seven. For the Lord grants wisdom from his mouth, come knowledge and understanding. He grants a treasure of common sense. To the honest, he is a shield to those who walk with integrity. Our quoted today from Elon Musk. Well, right out of the old headlines here, bold move. When something is important, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.


Okay? Very underdog. All Right? Yeah. Kinda low key Elon there. The odds may the odds Be ever in your favorites Games. The ever favorite. Thank you George. Nice. It's like we can finish each other's Sentences. That's amazing right there. James is in shock back there. I love how impressed Ken was with himself for getting that one right. Could Tell. I know. I'm really thrilled. Oh, me, me ho. Hold on. I know. This is what I can do it sentences. Wow. That's good. David in Dallas, Texas is where we're going next. David, how can we help? Hey, I really appreciate you taking my call. I figured I would start with the numbers if that's okay with y'all. Yes sir. I, I have about 246 K in debt.


29 K is in credit card debt. Nine K is in personal loan debt and 200 and K is in a mortgage. I have a two part question. My take home recently just increased from about 6,500 to 8,800 a month and I'm about to start up school in the fall. I was wondering if I should take the, these subsidized loans to pay the high interest debt off and decrease that interest from about 23 to 7% and just continue making the same payments plus the, the amount my income just recently increased.


That's my first question. So let's separate the mortgage from the consumer debt. 'cause you're in baby step two and the mortgage comes into play in baby step six, paying that off early. So that makes this mountain more like a hill. You have a great income and you have less than 40 K in debt, right? Between the credit cards and the personal loan. Just under just Yep. So what I wouldn't do is think, well, I can get rid of my debt by taking out another debt to pay off the other debt. That's as crazy as it sounds. And I know you're looking at the math going, well, it's a lower interest rate, it'll help me get outta debt faster. But that is a trap that actually keeps people in debt longer. And I, it just, it feels real icky to go, I'm gonna take out a student loan under the guise of getting an education, but really in paying off credit card debt.


So I would encourage you to look, peel back, go 30,000 feet up and go what is the best solution to my current problem, which is I need to Go to school for to get a degree. Is that the purpose? Yeah. I want, why now? I just want more, it's my current job. Half of my speaking candidly, half of my income is from VA disability and the other half is from my W2 job. And I just, I want to, I want to have a higher income on my W2. I want to get a degree that gets me somewhere in business. Okay. But let's, let's just, let's, let's just challenge that just for a minute. I'm all for it. Okay. Okay. If that degree will actually get you where you want to go.


What's, I've got a two part question. I always ask people, is a degree the only way to get the job you want or the career path or is it the best way? And I'm just curious if you've mapped out a very specific, let's call it job or a more of a direction professionally. Have you done that? Yes. It's currently, like in the field I'm in in medical staffing and I have applied within the industry in, within my own company. And unfortunately one of the things, or the only thing that seems to be holding me back is I don't have the, the stupid degree under belt. Okay. So, so in your particular industry to move up the ladder in medical staffing, which is where you wanna climb, they are requiring a degree?


Yes. Okay. What is that? What's the absolute cheapest you can get that degree for? And I mean cheapest. 'cause they really don't care. Where you, The one I'm doing now. Okay. One I got accepted a SU online. Okay. And how much is that total? Also, I have eight months left on the va VA loan, I mean GI bill. So they're gonna pay for eight months of that. Okay. And I'll have to pay out of pocket for the next. Okay, Great. So we can avoid student loan debt completely. Then we're gonna cashflow this out of pocket. Yes. Instead of scheming to try to pay off our credit. Yes. Credit card debt. Okay, great. So here's the deal. You make 8,800 a month. What are your actual expenses every month? You have to pay, I have to pay around 4,500 a month. I, to add to this, I was around 50 2K in debt a year and a half ago down to 29 now.


Amazing. I've been working hard. Great job Door dashing after, after work I DoorDash for four to six hours. Good. That leads into my second part question after this, But, so here's the, that's why I'm showing you the math on it. I'm on A different Debt. You just told me that you should have $4,300 extra to throw at your debt every month. Yes sir. Which Means this thing's gone in less than nine months. Yes sir. And At the same time in cash Flow school, I'm, I wanna save an interest, but Yes, correct. Okay, so now we have a new plan. I just want to get clear on the goals here. The goal is to get outta debt and the goal is to get a degree. I don't want to combine the two into this weird, like, I'm gonna take out this debt to pay off another debt.


Let's work on cash flowing school while attacking this debt with our current income. Okay. Because imagine this now you graduate completely debt free with no new student loan and you've knocked out the credit card debt and the personal loan. So a year from now you're a new man, you've got money in the bank, no debt to your name, and you're gonna increase your income. Yes. So that I I think once you start thinking longer term, you'll make different decisions versus the kind of out of desperation, which is where you're at now going, well I'm gonna try to take out this debt to pay off another debt. 'cause the interest is high. Just do the debt snowball, knock out the smallest debt with all the muster you can find in that budget, which is thousands and thousands of dollars and you'll be outta debt in no time and cashflow school.


Okay. That's the only way I would do it. My, I got one more, the second part to my question. Okay. Is of that, of that income, about 1200 to 1500 of It is from door dashing around 30 to 40 hours a week after I work my full-time job. I have a first born baby due in about a month from now. Wow. And I was wondering, should I continue to tough it out and dash these 30, 40 hours a week to get knock out this debt or because my income just for increased quite a bit. Should I take that time back now that I have this baby on the way?


Do you have any savings? I I, I have very little savings. I have maybe $5,000 roughly in savings. Okay. I've been What is your wife's plan to work through this after The No, you know, She's stay at home. She's been stay at home for the past year And we, I that's the way we would both like it when the baby Comes. Okay. Well in this case, what we would tell you to pause the debt snowball and just stack up cash. So you said it's a month from now? Yes. Yep. Okay. So just save up as much as possible. That might be another five grand in savings that gives you 10 grand. Once mommy and, and baby are home safe, we can push play on the debt snowball and continue on.


Okay. So you're just gonna temporary pause in the plan for 30 days, then we'll move on from there and follow the plan we just told you. Gotcha. Do that debt snowball, knock out the debt, and then make sure that we're able to cash flow the rest of school once the GI bill runs out. Gotcha. So some proper planning here will get you outta this whole mess instead of keeping you in it by just taking on new debt to cover other debts instead of the shell game. Yeah. But you're in a great path. I Was really struggling with it and I had a feeling I was gonna get that, but I I needed to hear it. Yeah, we're pretty boring that way. Pretty, We're consistent. Yeah. Yeah, you can No, no real curve balls coming from us. But, you know, back to back to this issue here of, of how he can go about getting where he wants to get to.


I know so many people that still fall into this trap and I, I know you talk a lot about traps and trends, but I wanted you to weigh in a trap that still exists is that I'm not happy where I am financially or professionally and I need to get a degree. Mm. And I just always wanna challenge that statement. Is it need or is it I believe I need or I want to because of a perception and, and you know, every field is different. We're increasingly seeing companies drop that degree requirement. But George, I just, I wanna make sure that people just don't get sucked into that because you can really talk yourself into debt. Yeah. In this case we weren't looking at that. Sure. No. We're we on the same Page with that happens all the time.


I always have a, a huge pause when I hear someone go, well, I wanna go back to school for what? To get a degree for what? Well, I just think it'll be better for me. We need a very clear goal and a clear why. And like you say, is it the only way and is it the best way? Yeah. It's, that's an automatic question. If you look into it, it takes the emotion out of what you think. And then the answer by the way, is no. Either one of those great news. There's another one. Pause George. Good show today. Always fun being with you, pal. Thank you James. Charles and our fearless crew. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new Ramsey 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist, A quick start collection of how to get started walking the Ramsey plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money. I.