
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. M George Kamel joined by bestselling author Jade Warshaw, And we are here to take your calls and help you take the right next step with your money and your life. Give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Kerry is our first victim here in Bend, Oregon. What's going on, Kerry? Hi you guys. How can we help? So I have, I have, it's kind of an emotional question, but basically our, our brother-in-law has not done what he was expected to do as the executor of a will that we would be involved in.


And it's got to the point where we would need a lawyer. So that is my question. Should we pursue a lawsuit? Even if we don't have the money for a lawyer, but we, we would probably have the money once the lawsuit was settled. Well, you gotta tell us more. Make, make your case for us here. Okay. So my father of judge war, my father-in-law passed. My father-in-law passed away in 2018 and left everything to his wife, which is my step mother-in-law. She passed away in 2020, leaving everything to her son and which is a stepbrother. And then, and then two other brothers, the stepbrother, that's the executor of the will, went and sold everything in the house, sold the house, the land, all of it.


Okay. Behind our back. Behind our back. That Was not the stated wishes of the will? No. What Were the state wishes That, that, that the three beneficiaries were her son and then the, the other two brothers. And is one of those your husband? Yes. Okay. How big was this estate? Do you have any idea? The house sold for about, it was listed at 795,000. Okay. Anything else? Everything that was in the house, tractors, cars, everything. I mean he had two acres. What do you think it was all worth Speaking to a lawyer?


They said we, it would probably be about a hundred thousand for everything in the house because we don't have any documentation for it. So we're talking about 900 Almost. Yes. So You'd be owed about 300 at the end of this if all things had gone to plan? Yes. Minus the, the back taxes that were paid when the house sold, How much was that? And Not very much less than 50,000. Okay. But he also did a complete remodel to the house that we didn't know about either. I don't know if that is in the consideration or not. So let me just make sure I understand this. Okay. The will said everything was supposed to be split three ways amongst the brothers.


One brother said, forget that I'm gonna sell all of this myself. Yep, yep, yep. And then where is that money? Like he, so he sold the estate, he sold the property. Where is the money, do you know? He is. Got it. And how long, over what period of time did all of this happen? Well, I accidentally came upon the house being listed on Zillow when I was looking at land prices in that area. I saw the, the house that my father-in-law built on Zillow when this has been going on a little bit before the house sold in October. So a couple months before that. LA October of last year.


2024. Yes. Yes. Okay. So when that happened, did you guys Go to him and say, oh, So you just sold everything? Like, okay, so you're gonna divvy it up three ways. And then he said, what? Well, he is not talking to us. He won't answer calls, he won't return anything from his lawyer. And we found out that the only thing that his lawyer has for us is a cashier's check for $5,000. And you said, what's this for? And he said, what? They didn't, they didn't say. And so then did you then Go to whoever the lawyer was who first, you know, read the will and said, this is the executor, you went to him and what did he say?


He, the, my brother-in-law won't return any phone calls to the lawyer. Got it. Okay. So now you guys, I think he's basically basically on the run. So you guys then need to Go to a judge and say, Hey, the executor of the will is not carrying out the wishes of the will. And he is keeping all the money for himself when the will clearly states, I feel like Yeah, He essentially committed fraud. So what you'd have to do is petition in probate court to force the accounting of this, force him to show up, force him to deal with this. I don't know. He may have spent all this money. Exactly. So we just, I don't know that you're gonna get what you're hoping to get out of it. I mean, it sucks that this happened. Well, yeah, over Five ye I'm just trying to understand the five year play here because, And I don't say this to sound any type of way, but if I know I have an inheritance from grandpa and grandpa died, you know, last year, I feel like I would've already known, forget five years.


I would be well wondering, okay, when are we selling the estate? When are we getting the money? So I, I wanna know more about that neg, I'm, I'm, I'm not trying to Yeah, Say anything negative. We're Not offending him, but there's a lot of other pieces here understand that we're confused about. Like was the estate officially closed in probate court? What happened with probate? Well, the house was my father-in-law's that he, he built this house on two acres and it was just an agreement between all of us that we weren't gonna do anything right away because A written agreement or just a phone Call? No, no, just, just talking. Okay. That we didn't wanna set, we didn't wanna sell anything because we would like one of the three of us to buy the other two out and keep the property.


Got you. Okay. So, but, but he went behind our back And we didn't, we knew nothing about the remodel, anything. He was still talking to us about how it would be awesome that we moved there and things like that. Completely lying to us. Okay. Okay. And what was your timeline for moving into the house? 'cause again, we're talking five years. Was this like on like what was the timeline in you all's mind for saying here's when we're gonna buy you out, here's when that's gonna take place? When I, When I was looking on Zillow, we were getting prices for the land to find out how much the land was going for. So we knew how much to we would be paying him for us to move back there.


Here's what, here's the reason I'm asking these questions. I'm trying to get inside of the brain of the, the son-in-law here. No. And The only, no kidding. The Only thought. 'cause you're the only caller on the line, right? So the only thought that I could pull up in my brain is maybe this guy was thinking, Hey, they said they're gonna buy me out. They haven't bought me out yet. Who knows what's on fire in his life. Maybe he thought, whatever, they're not gonna buy me out, I'm gonna force the sale of this by just selling it myself. I don't know. I'm just trying to think what could be going on here. Because this is a extent, like five years is a big timeline here. Yes. So I'm trying to figure out what, what could have gotten lost in translation either way. I think the first advice we gave stands, which is you, you go in front of the probate judge and say, Hey, here's what's going on.


And do you, do you know if you have to pay an attorney to do that for you? Because that's, that's my main question. If we should pay attorney fees for such, well I would've gone through the attorney who was dealing with the executor, but it sounds like you can't find him and he's not talking. So now, right. Yeah, I'd be calling up that, that circuit quarter, whoever, whoever you've been in contact with and saying, what do I have to do to get in front of a judge? I'm not a lawyer So I don't know, and I've never had to deal with this. I say, what do I have to do to get in front of a judge? Because the executor of the will is not doing what the will says and then go from there. I'm guessing, yeah, it's gonna cost you a little bit And it's gonna cost you your peace. It's gonna cost you your time and it's gonna cost you your money. And So I would just tread lightly before you pursue this for the next five years, all to find out there's nothing there.


And that's gonna really add insult to injury here. So I would try to get all the evidence, you can all the, do all the homework. You can get all the family members you can involved, get a copy of the will, get documentation of everything you can, all the communication with him or lack thereof and then see what happens. But it might be worth at least reaching out to an attorney to see what the next step would be.


Confession folks, when life gets really hectic, I don't take time to plan my healthy meals. Some days I can't even remember what a vegetable looks like. That's why I keep Field of Greens handy. It's a super food powder made with real fruits and veggies selected by doctors to help your heart, lungs, metabolism and more. I mix Field of Greens with water. I shake it up and I'm ready to go. And to tell you the truth, I did expect it to kind of taste like compost, but it's really delicious. Plus Field of Greens promises your doctor will notice your improved health or you get your money back. So Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Nathan is up next in Bozeman, Montana. What's going on Nathan? How can we help today? Hi. I was calling in because I'm trying to figure out my Next Steps on trying to build wealth and spend time with my daughter after my wife has left. Oh my goodness. I'm so sorry. When did she leave? About six weeks ago. Is this a very sudden thing or were there marital issues beforehand? And you saw this coming? There was a few marital issues that I feel like she left very prematurely. We hadn't, we hadn't even been married a year yet when she had left.


Wow. So you have a young daughter. How, how, how Young's the daughter? I actually have a daughter from a previous relationship. Got it. She is 12, almost 13. Okay. So married less than a year. Wife takes off. Is the daughter living with you full time? Yeah, I have full custody of her. Okay. So are you filing divorce? Because I wouldn't touch much of this until a divorce because some of it, I'm guessing some of it's in her name talking about the debt, Most of the, a lot of debt's in my name.


But there is like a car that she took out debt on before we got married. Is that in her name alone or, or are you on it too? It's just on my name, but I did co-sign for a truck for her brother. Oh my. And that big Portion. Oh my goodness. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well you're, you're on the hook for that one. If he doesn't pay, is he making payments? He is making payments, yes. I've also talked to him about him refinancing into his name. So I'm hoping that he can go through with that. Yeah. And good luck. I mean he couldn't get the loan without you before, So Yeah. That's scary. Chances of that happening might be slim unless something's changed for him recently.


Yeah, I think the first step is if this marriage is over, like end it officially and figure out is she going to, is this gonna be a situation where you guys can sit down together and figure out how to just divide this right down the middle? Are you gonna have to get lawyers involved? But I would not start on this until you know how it's gonna land because I wouldn't want you to end up paying something you didn't need to pay or think that something wasn't gonna go on you that does end up going on you. That sort of thing. Yeah. Do you have contact with her? No, she left the phone and hasn't talked to me since She left her phone. She left.


Are you sure that she left and somebody didn't, something foul play didn't go on? That sounds kind of odd. Well I do have contact with her sister and her mother 'cause they're not happy with her choices. And So I do have contact there. So I know she's alive. She just moved to like a town 30 minutes away. Got it. Okay. Okay. Well there's gonna have to be some level of communication. I dunno if that's gonna have to be through a lawyer or if you can't get in touch with her, but we've gotta get this thing settled 'cause there's no legal separation right now. Even you guys are still totally legally married.


We are totally legal, married and I'm trying to do things the, the biblical way. I hope that there's, there's reconciliation but there was quite a few problems with parenting and whatnot And I, she's with another guy right now, so That's not looking, that's not looking too good. What's your total debt? I would say the debt that I have for my car and credit cards is about 4,500 and the truck is 28,000. Okay. That you co-signed for? Correct. And what's your question specifically today that we can help with?


Well, I'm emotionally, I'm trying to move on And I have a job that's about 40 hours a week. And I also do like Instacart and Spark, which is like delivering groceries to people. And I don't wanna spend all my time working because I want to spend time with my daughter. But I'm trying to also find that, that good comparison. 'cause I know that she's going through a hard time and Well, I think, I think that, you know, we, we hear this question a lot, which is, you know, I prioritize my family. Am I, is it bad to work more?


Is this a, a negative thing? But I do think that when we think about the priority of our family, there's kind of like subcategories underneath that. Like what does that mean to prioritize and take care of my family. And part of that is I Go to work And I make sure that I have financial stability So I can provide stability and peace in our life. That's part of taking time and that's part of prioritizing your family. You could say that also spending time with them falls, falls into that priority. Right. But it's not the only thing, time is not the only way that we prioritize our family. It is one of the many ways. So I think if you can view it like that, it'll kind of free you up to realize okay, the time I do spend with her, I'm gonna make that very quality.


But it's also so important for me to go out and make sure I have the stable job, make sure I'm working, paying off this debt, able to stay in whatever living situation you have, all of that sort of thing. Yeah. I'm in a public housing right now, like state funded housing. So, And see you. That's proven my point. Like we gotta get out of that because that there's no, you know, that doesn't feel stable at all. What's your income? It's about 33,000 with my full-time job. What's your full-time job? It's working as a mental health technician in a child's hospital.


Okay. What's the upward mobility look like in that field? Because that feels awfully low for a full-time job at a reputable facility. Right. I think there's, there's potential to move up, but I'm not sure what the pay scale looks like. Okay. That's for the long term. I think there's sort of some, you know, stages here we need to work through. One is the current urgent, putting food, you know, on the table, making sure the lights, bills are paid. Can you cover all of your bills right now with your monthly take home pay? Yes.


And cover all the minimums on your debt payments? I can, yeah. And then how much is left over after all of that? I haven't created a budget and that's the first thing that I need to do. I'm taking the Financial Peace University class through my church. Good. Right now. We just did the first lesson. Awesome. And does your daughter know about your financial journey? Obviously she knows about mom and what's going on there. How is she doing? What are her urgent needs? Well, she don't, I think that it's, that it's to be there for her kind of, that's, that's what I feel.


But I'm not sure, you know, I know that I want to build wealth and I'm trying to figure out a way to do that. Okay. But right now we're trying to survive. Yeah. So building wealth is great for the next 10 to 20 years, but right now she's got a, an absent dad who's just in frozen in grief right now. Yeah. I think you gotta silo this a little bit into the different buckets of what's going on because right now it feels jumbled up. And I understand that because you're going through a lot financially, you're going through a lot emotionally, you're going through a lot career wise. Like there's a lot here. So there's the housing situation, like that's a line item, like of thought. Then there's the fractured marriage.


That's a line item of thought. Then there's the financial struggle. That's a line item of thought. And then there's making sure my 12-year-old daughter is okay. Right? So there's all these different things that are going on. Are you speaking with anybody to help you sort through all this other than us a professional? I, I am. Yeah. Okay. I'm, I'm meeting with a therapist. Good. It's Christian therapist. So, Okay. I think, I think you need that. I think you need somebody who's gonna help you, give you some actionable steps for everything. Money does touch all of these areas, but there's a lot deeper issues that are going on that I think you need to figure out what's the priority because it's gonna be very hard to tackle all of these things at once.


So you need to figure out what is the top priority for me today to work on and what's my goal and at what point do I move on to the next thing. Getting off this call, George. I'd say the first thing is to start putting a clear end to this marriage. And that looks like filing for divorce. So you can start building some closure there.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows about student loan debt, it's me. My husband And I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes and if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for auto pay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from your student loan debt. If you want it gone, you can't mess around. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


We Love an excuse to give you guys a deal and so good news for you. The Memorial Day sale is here, four days only. You can get our most popular hardcover books for 12 bucks. Select questions for humans, decks for 11 bucks and more books include Building an Non-Anxious Life, breaking Free From Broke, that's mine. Baby steps, millionaires plus lots of other products like RAMSEY merch. Questions for Humans, decks, a lot of stuff on there. This is the stuff that helps you take action with your money, your work and your relationships. You can make some real progress on all that matters to you. So go check out everything we've got going on Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're watching on YouTube or podcast, click the link in the description. Sale ends on Monday so jump on it.


Jade wanted to sing. Jump on it so badly. They were like I did. I felt It the last time I tried that though. I got called out. They were like, Jade, this, this song is no longer like politically correct. Oh wow. I thought it was like an FCC violation. They just were like, no, we can't do this anymore. No, it's just think about it. And I thought it's every episode In the office And I thought the back on it And I was like, yeah, this song is a little sketchy. Wow. Okay. Good to, good to know. I'll stay away. AJ's in Orlando. Up next. What's going on aj? Hey, how's it going? Great, How are you? So I'm great. Me and my husband are both currently out of debt except for our mortgage, which we bought a house recently.


Cool. But, And I know that the RAMSEY program doesn't endorse ever going back into debt after you're out of debt, but we are considering taking out a loan to build a mother-in-law suite in my backyard for my 82-year-old grandmother. Look at you trying to throw that guilt on us by saying it's a mother-in-law suite for my two year 82-year-old Grandmother. Oh, Okay. Is she in very poor health? What's the reason for her moving in with you guys? So she's slowing down for sure. I've got But you don't want her in the house. You want her to like you wanna build her a doghouse in the back? We both have very strong personalities And we both agreed that that probably wouldn't work.


Okay. What's the in-law suite gonna cost? So we think we can build something pretty nice for around 50 to $60,000 in our backyard. But she's gonna have to come into your house for like everything, right? Or will she have her own entrance? Well, So it would be her own entrance and her own kitchenette and her own kind of little garden area in the Back, but, and like a shower and all of that? Yep. For $50,000. Yep. I've got a bridge to sell you. Are you guys doing this yourself? Are you gonna just Go to Home Depot and try to like hammer it together? No. So we're looking at a couple of like the kits that you can get.


And so some of the work we might do ourselves after we have the kit to save on costs. What do you mean by kits? So they have like, you know, like modular home kits, so Okay. Like Del Tech or like, you know, like there's, there's like, it, it comes up a little bit cheaper because then they're not having to put the house together on site. They put the house together before and they either bring it to you or Essentially grandma's living in a souped up shipping container. Okay. And this, well let Me, it would be nicer than a shipping container. Hopefully Souped up if that helps. This, this is so that as she ages, if you need to care for her, she's on site. Is that why That that is the goal. So she also has, oh my gosh, I can't remember what it's called, but she gets very dizzy sometimes.


And so my fear is Vertigo. She Falls and she vertigo. That is it. And she, if she falls she's in Texas. Yeah. And you know, we have, we, we talk every couple days on the phone, but you know, nobody checks on her that often. So she's in Texas, you're in Orlando. No, you're in. Yeah. Okay. So is there, I'm, I'm just thinking through this. Here's where I'm thinking A, it's debt. You we're never gonna say to do that. B I'm wondering what this does to the value of your home because a kit doesn't sound like a great thing if I'm looking to buy somebody else's house. And then the third thing I'm wondering is if the goal is to be able to take care of her, what would it look like to just put her in an apartment that's near you?


So Orlando rent is very expensive. She also currently lives on, so it's a family ranch property that just, she lives on down in Texas because nobody else lives in Texas. So I, I just think that like her going from living with all of this open land to putting her in an apartment would be a rough transition for her. You're Squeezing her into the little kit as it's, but It's, but we're, we're on an acre property so at least Okay. You know, we have outdoors available that she could sit outside and, and fill fresh air. And she's not super close with her.


N like you're not Yeah. Up against your neighbor. What Would happen, what would happen with her property there would you? So it's currently in an undivided interest between my uncle, me, my brother, and my grandmother. Wow. So that sounds super simple and not complicated at all. So what would happen? You can't sell it then 'cause there's too many people involved. Yeah. There's too many people involved that would, that would make sense to sell. Would they buy her share out then We have talked about trying to buy her share out. Wouldn't That be you buying her share out It? It would, it's not something that we can do right now 'cause we just purchased our home. We're not looking to try and purchase that other part of the property.


What about, what about the other family members? So, okay, you guys are taking on this burden of taking care of a, a person who is a family member to many. Is there anybody else who's willing to kick in and say, hey, if you take grandma that's, you know, you're, you're paying a financial cost and a just lifestyle physical cost, you know, a amongst the brothers and sisters, if it were my mom, there's four of us. We'd all be thinking, okay, what, what are we all chipping in to make sure mom's Okay. So is that a conversation that you can have with siblings to fi to figure out like, what's the budget here to make sure somebody's here to take care of her and she's, you know, got a living situation that works.


Right. So my brother is not financially responsible in a way that he could, he could support that. Okay. And then she has two sons, one that lives in Tennessee and another that does live in a different part of Florida that they would never take on the cost of having her come live with them or near them. Yeah. So this is all on you for the rest of her life. Well, and it's not something that I really regret. Like this woman is poured into me Oh sure. My entire life. So I mean this is family, So Yeah. Yeah. It's something that I'm very Happy to do. I'm just making sure you guys are, are good to take on that for the rest of her life, which could be 20 years. Oh, for sure.


I mean, let's go back to the apartment thing because I wanna clarify. I'm not saying that's it forever, but it is it until you guys can save up the 50 or 60,000 and get this kit, what's wrong with that? I'm just trying to keep you free. That's my goal here. Right. You guys worked really, really hard to get free and, And I'm wondering why does she have no money? So it's not that she, so she lives, she is very small expenses since the house is paid off and it's on the ranch. So it's not that she doesn't have any money, it's what Is her income like? So she has social security and I'm not sure what her social security pays her a month, but, and then she had some savings that she got from my grandfather, but it's Not, so I'm wondering can we, can we use her money to fund this or cover her apartment versus you guys taking it on?


Yeah. 'cause you're gonna be paying for everything from here on out. Why not use her social security to pay for an apartment for her? Or even like a assisted living community? So it's possible And we haven't gotten in depth into finances with each other yet, but she would, she would contribute some of it. So like, but if we paid $60,000 for a kit, she probably wouldn't be able to afford the full $60,000. Well How much was it did she get from what? How much is in her savings from her? Hu That that I don't know. So we need to find that out. Know she's Very frugal. Yeah. Well she might have a million sitting in there and she's just very frugal. Yeah. Think she might have a dollar sitting in there.


We don't Know. She's, she's too generous to be a millionaire. Well let That doesn't make sense. Hold on. Let's say this. Well she's, let's say this. If you are going to do the very generous thing that I think that you're wanting to do, which is say, Hey, we want to take care of you. You've got this health issue, we wanna make sure nothing happens to you, you've poured into us like you said, then I don't think it's unfair to say, what can you contribute? Because the truth is as we age, it is our job to make sure that somebody can take care of us with our own money. It's not supposed to be pa the burden is not supposed to be passed to somebody else. Even if you don't feel that it's a burden you going into debt is, and it's not a bad or wrong thing to say, grandma, what can you contribute for your own care as you age?


Because we wanna make sure, we wanna know what's there to take care of you. I would not go into debt for this aj I think you wanna go into debt for this And I think you're thinking of all the reasons why you need to instead, instead of my, You know, my fear is you're paying for this thing long after she's gone. You still have a payment on this kit. I wouldn't do it.


As moms, we have enough stuff that we're juggling without pacing through a huge grocery store for hours and paying premiums for name brands. That's why you need to try ALDI. ALDI makes shopping for groceries more affordable, saving your family nearly $4,000 a year and way easier. They take the guesswork out of shopping with better choices like their exclusive Aldi brands. So you can save money and time and focus on what really matters. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at ALDI us. That's a ldi us


The Ramsey Show question of the day is sponsored by Why Refi? If you're buried in defaulted private student loans, you're not alone. Reach out to Why Refi to see if they can build a custom plan to help you dig out. Visit Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Alright. Today's question comes from Toby in Pennsylvania they say, I'm seeing some mortgages advertised with only 1% down required. Is this a feasible way to get a house if we don't have enough for a 5% or 10% down payment, a YYY You want me a Coke? Wow. Geez. Oh these just break my heart. It's just these two good to be true advertisements where they go, Hey, And they're everywhere. It's Like, bad credit, no problem. Yeah. Come take out a loan at 98% interest. It's fine. Yeah. That's kind of the vibe with these. Yeah, it is. And think about it. You know, you wanna make, when you buy a house, you wanna make money at the table immediately. Right? It, it's, it makes you feel good.


All of it's good. And any money that you're putting down that is less that you're paying a month. Right? So let's not forget that. I think sometimes people think that like the down payment is some sort of like consequence. You have to pay for like getting the house. It's like you gotta pay the down payment. We're gonna Waive the down payment. You can take out a hundred percent on the loan. Like that's, That's, that's not a win. Like that's not a prize that you get. So I think reframing it, our mind, in our minds that 0% down or 1% down is not a prize. It's actually putting you in a negative position. Not negative, but in a less favorable position when you buy this house. And so that's part of it. You know, we want to know that there's equity there right When we move in, that gives us peace of mind.


And the bigger part is if you are not putting anything down, I wanna know what this payment is getting ready to be. Because when we're putting money down, we're making that payment lower and lower and lower. Which is, it's a smaller and smaller percentage of our, our, our world and our monthly budget, which is what we're aiming for. So the question I would have for you is, why do you want to put 0% down? 'cause if you're telling me you can't afford to put five to 10% down, you're also telling me you can't afford a home. Because what I find all the time, and this is the sad part, people will go in and buy a house for three or $400,000. They can't afford the payment. And then when something like the AC breaks for three or $5,000, they can't afford it and they go into debt for it.


So you gotta make sure your mind is right. Home ownership is an expensive endeavor and it's more than just the monthly payment. I mean that is definitely the starting point. But this is something, it's your biggest asset you're gonna have and you wanna make sure it's a blessing and not a burden. And if you Go to that thing and say, Hey, I can't afford 5%, I'm sorry to tell you, you just can't afford to buy yet. Yeah. And there's a ton of red tape and very strict rules to even qualify for any of these. And even if you do, guess what? They're gonna get you a different way with a crazy high interest rate with tons of fees built into the loan costs somewhere else that you're not seeing. 'cause you're not paying attention. You're just starry-eyed. You got private mortgage insurance to pay. That's right. And I've never seen this work out where someone's like, this was a great idea.


We could totally afford the mortgage. It's usually broke people trying to get into a house before they're financially ready and they see these advertisements, which if it's being advertised, that's probably a sign to you to step away. And I hate to say it George, but you make an excellent point, which is so true. A lot of times these deals are marketed to folks who truly can't afford it. And it's like it's marketed as a, as your way in or your window in, but really they you're they're kind of like treating you like a sucker. Yeah. It's like this guy will fall for this. We can get them to go for this. 'cause they're so desperate. Right. And kind of knowing, Hey, they prey on these people. Yeah. It's, I mean it's borderline predatory a lot of these USDA loans.


FHA loans even VA loans. Hey veterans, 0% down. Oh gosh. And you're like, kill, you're gonna cause them fees. Yeah. So you're gonna causing financial harm because they're getting into a home they can't afford. But they think they can because the lender said they could. That's Right. That's right. Ugh. Stay away. Just Beware. Just beware. Don't let anybody prey on you. You're not desperate. You're not behind, you're running your race and when you, it's you against you. So when you hit that milestone of buying the house, that was when you were supposed to cross that finish line. Just remember that. Yeah. Don't let a lender tell you when it's time to buy a house. You decide Sage is up next in San Antonio, Texas. What's going on Sage? Hey, how's it going?


I, I had a question. Basically I'm, I'm 25. I just had twins two weeks ago. Ooh. Or three weeks ago. Congrats. And I actually had a stroke last week. A small one, but I'm doing better now and I'm back at work actually. Oh my goodness. Wow. I, yeah, I have, I also have a toddler. He's two. And that being said, about two years ago when my son was first born, I got into a really horrible financial decision. This is before I knew the Dave Ramsey show and everything that y'all preach about. I got a car from my wife 'cause I, we needed two vehicles. I was working outta town and when I say I have a horrible interest rate, I yell it, it's horrible. It's 22%. It was a, a stupid decision. I'm debating on either doing a voluntary repossession.


It's not that I can't afford the vehicle, but it's just, I've had the vehicle two years and $2,000 has been paid towards the principal man with $500 a month payments. Another thing being said, I did recently get approved to get it refinanced at a lower interest rate. Still not great. What? But it at 13% I'll take it. So I'm basically asking if I should refinance it or just go ahead and do a voluntary repossession. Why can't you sell it? I got Credit. Why can't sell it? How far underwater are you? It's, it's pretty bad. The vehicle's worth 7,500 And I owe about 18 two. It's when I, it was, it was a horrible decision on my part at the time. I was extremely, extremely desperate for a vehicle. Went to the first place I could, didn't even look around.


She needed a, a vehicle And I needed my truck for work. I was working about four hours from home at the time and staying out of town. And she of course had our newborn son, my oldest one who is currently two. What other debt do you have? I have a credit card owe $400 on, I'm actually gonna pay that off today. And then I have my truck, which I owe $7,000 on that. The truck loan. It is a, a low interest rate 'cause I did a collateral loan on it. We moved into a house renting it and it was at the Time, what's the truck worth time I could, the truck's worth pretty much what I owe on it. I, it it's worth about 9,500.


And then I have a vehicle that is paid off another truck. So my, the reason I was debating voluntary repossession of the Jeep was I would give her the truck that I currently owe on. It's a, it's a nicer truck, big bag seat. It'll fit all three of the kids, the, the double stroller in the back and it's got the best that I've ever had. Why can't you drive the paid off truck? Yeah. And sell the truck with loan On? Yeah, that's what I'm currently doing. I'm, I'm currently driving my paid off vehicle. Okay. For work. I'm a welder. And then my other truck it's You said there's 2000 in equity in that one? Yeah, I could probably, if I were to sell this one, the paid off one, I could probably get about six or $7,000 For it. Oh. So why can't you sell that one and drive the one that's got 7,000 to go?


Because it's kind of a funny situation with that one. That one, I, I don't necessarily make the payment on it, if that makes sense. I'm my, I have 12 siblings and my younger, one of my younger brothers is actually making the payment on it every month. So I, he pays the insurance, he pays the payment every month. Why it was to kind of help him out in a sense and to kind of get rid of that payment for me. How is that helping him out? Well, because he was Demand on, he's making a payment on a car he doesn't drive. Is he on it or did you guys co-sign together? No, it, the loan's completely in my name. My dad wrote us up a contract to where once the, the loan's paid off, the title goes to him. And then if for some reason he doesn't want the vehicle, by the time he pays it off, then everything he put into it, if he does not get any of it back, it would just go towards the loan balance.


And then I'll just Continue making that. Okay. This, this financial inbreeding, it needs to stop. This is chaos what you guys have done to your family's finances. Yeah, it's kind of a, a a, a sticky situation because he, he's 18 and he's, he was, he went out and about and he was gonna be in the same situation I was in. He was actually calling, he called me for advice today. He was about to, okay. I said, man, I'm the last one you wanna call for Advice. So, so let's not go down, let's not trace that rabbit too far. So the car's supposed to Go to him. There's 2000 in equity in it. He's been paying the note. Can you just get this outta your hair and just, Yeah. So that, that's our next step with the, with the bank. We're actually talking to the bank about getting the truck that I have the loan on out of my name and financing it into his name.


Yeah. The only situation with that is 'cause he's only 18, they're wanting to give him a lot higher interest rate on it. Okay. But that's not your Nothing down or nothing. That's not your problem. You need to give him the ultimatum of, Hey, this weekend we either go and move this into your name or I'm keeping it and I'm doing what I will with it. Like that ends this weekend. That's, that's what I'm doing. Yeah. And Then what, what's your household income right now? Is wife staying home with the kids? Yeah, She's a stay-at-home mom. I make about currently probably $5,000 a month net. Okay. You guys have a lot of car in your life. You either need to save up the difference that you're re underwater on or you need to go get a loan for the difference to lower your debt amount.


I don't know that you'll qualify for that, but do not do a voluntary repo. Yeah, it's going to destroy your financial life. You're gonna sell it at auction for pennies versus what you could sell it for and then you're still gonna owe the difference. Do not do this.


Let's be honest. Shopping for health insurance can be confusing with high costs, complicated terms and customer service that doesn't really serve you Most folks just pick a plan and hope for the best. See, insurance companies don't work for you. They work for themselves. Meaning they love it when you overpay. So you need a guide on your team to help you make the best choices. Health Trust Financial works for you. They're not salespeople. They help you find the health insurance option that makes sense and saves you money. The fact is health insurance is one of the biggest expenses in your budget. But most people who work with Health Trust Financial end up saving $500 a month. Imagine putting that kind of money toward the baby steps. My team has worked with them for over 20 years and they've served thousands of people just like you. They're the only health insurance broker that's Ramsey Trusted to help you. So stop throwing money away and get the health insurance that's right for you at Health Trust Financial dot com. That's Health Trust Financial dot com


From Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by RAMSEY Personality, Jade Warshaw. And we're taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Be brave. Call us. We'll help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Haley's gonna kick us off in Huntsville, Alabama. What's going on Haley? Hi, How are you Doing Great. What's going on in your world? So we are about just over $60,000 in debt And we are wondering how we can get ourselves out of this situation and what the Next Steps are. How'd you get into it?


Bad choices, bad decisions. What kind of debt? Is it? Auto loans, some hospital bills and a little bit of credit card. Can you break it out for us by, by amount for each of those categories So we kinda see what, what we're dealing with. Yes. We have 44,000, just over 44,000 in car loans. How many cars? We have Two. Okay. Is it split even like 20 and 22 or what is it? Oh no, mine still has 26,000 left and my husband's we just got and it has about 18,000. Okay, gotcha. Okay. What else? And and then the, we got about three loans combined.


That's about 13,400. Okay. Total. Total credit. Just personal loans. Total credit card two are kind of personal loans and one was a shed. Okay. So 13,000 in loans, what else? Then about 750 in credit cards and then hospital bills is almost 2000. Okay, Cool. What's your household income Together? We bring home about 90,000 a year. Awesome. That's Take home. Okay, good. Are the, is that the car that you just got your husband's, is that still worth something since you just took out that loan?


It's worth more than 18. Well, Kelly Blue booked it and it says it's about worth 12,000. So somehow you Just got it upside down. Oh gosh, I just got it. Did you roll over? Did you roll over Bad equity? No, negative. I got it myself. I got it as a surprise to him 'cause I started working 'cause I've been a stay at home mom, So I got overly excited making money. So, and made a bad decision. Okay. So what happened then? Because you know, you've been in this mindset of the, the person who just bought this car is now the person who's calling. So what happened that triggered you to go, wait a minute, this is, this is not good. Kind of just seeing it all together And I don't know, I was, something was going through me.


I guess I got a little excited 'cause I was finally making money I made versus him And I guess I got excited and thought he deserved. What'd he say? Something nice. He loved it. He is quite different from me. I don't think he cares as much about the debt. Oh, As I do. That could pose a problem for this journey you're about to embark on, right? Yeah. 'cause we're going to, yeah, we're gonna suggest some extreme changes and he's gotta be on board with that. Do you think he could get on board? Oh, I already told him. Y'all are gonna, y'all gonna hit on my head. Y'all gonna tell us to probably sell some stuff And I was like, I already know what they're gonna say. What He But what's he think to that? He usually just agrees with me.


Okay. All Right. All Right. Would he agree with you to sell these cars to get out of this debt? Yeah. 'cause you'd be taking back the gift. You just got 'em. Yeah, I wanted to do that. But together it's 19,000 negative equity and we've tried to get a loan to cover that difference So we could sell them And we cannot get a loan. Okay. The good news is, so here's the good news. The cars together, they're not, you know, you could reach in and pay these off probably over time. The, the, the seven 50 in credit cards doesn't scare me. You can, you should pay that off this month and cut those credit cards up and be done. You should feasibly be able to able to reach over and pay off the $2,000 of medical debt really fast.


That's side of your life. And now we've got three, you know, loans dealing with actually the personal loans. I think you could probably break those up in the snowball and knock those out relatively quickly. So there's some parts of the, the debt-free journey that really are, this is the debt and I'm just locking in And I am, there's no get outta jail free card that I can cash in. I've just gotta work more, you know, pick up an extra job, sell some of the things I like and live on and just hit a hard Yeah, My guess is your expenses are pretty high. 'cause as you guys have made more money, you've increased your lifestyle. Yeah, we have. Including all the debts, it's about 5,000 a month with regular bills, everything else.


Okay, so that should leave 2,500 of margin, right? Yeah. And I don't know where that's going. It should, We're gonna, that's the key word. It should figure That out. So we're gonna give you EveryDollar before you get off the call. And I want you guys, this is date night this week. I want you, you've already kind of foreshadowed that you're going down this path. I want you to tell him, Hey, I called in the show. They gave us this gift with the caveat that we would make at our next date night. And we're gonna sit down and we're gonna list everything that we're spending money on. I want you to have the, the bank statements from the month of May ready. Right. To See here's really what's happening each month. Yeah. And so what's gonna happen is you're gonna do May's budget even though we're already in May, and you're gonna see how much you're probably already over budget.


Right. And then you're gonna start June's budget together on the right path. So it's perfect because you'll be all ready to start afresh for June. And then from there on Yeah, with the 2,500. Yeah. You're knocking out the medical debt in June. You're probably gonna find, because you're gonna cut back more. So you're gonna be able to pay off the credit card in June as well. That feels really good doesn't it? Yes it does. And Would he be willing to cut up cards and never use a credit card again? Mm Yes. You said he'll agree with you. So if you say, Hey, we're cutting up the cards, I'm gonna, we're gonna only gonna use money we actually have, we're not gonna have a promise that we have it. We probably do that. 'cause I found that that changed it for me. Cut up before, when I was getting outta my debt, I realized that cutting up the card was one of the best things I did.


'cause it's, it's burning the ships. It's saying there is no option to go into debt. I froze my credit So I couldn't even open up a line of credit if I wanted to. And do you see what I'm saying? You have to add friction back into your life as you've gotten more outta control. And Hailey, another thing that I want you to talk about when you guys do this budget date night, because George is right, you gotta stop with the credit cards. But my, my thought is, if you tell your husband this, what's his name? You don't have to tell us. It's Chase. Okay. I was gonna say we can call him Biff. Let's chase. I was Gonna guess Chase. I love a chase from Huntsville. Let's Say. You gotta tell Chase the deeper meaning of why you wanna do this. Because if it's just, we got too much debt, we gotta sell these trucks, we gotta sell these vehicles, he's gonna be like, what?


What is happening? What happened to the woman that just impulsively got me a surprise truck? Yeah. Yeah. So you've gotta, and this might take some soul searching for you. Hey, leave to sit back and go, what do I really want? What is it that I'm trying to achieve and why am I trying to achieve it? Is it peace? Is it stability? Is it, you know, some sort of identity that you're searching for? Because you did mention that when you started making money, it made you feel like, oh I'm here. So there's something there that if you can articulate what it is for you first and then now you'll be able to articulate it for him and then that's probably something he's gonna be able to connect with you on. Right? He might not get on board with, let's just cut up our credit cards 'cause it's a smart thing to do.


He might not get on board with that. But if you say, for the first time in my life when I made a little bit of money, I felt like I was here And I was seen. And I realize I don't want that to be for naught. I want that to mean something. And I have a chance to be here with a legacy. Like talk to him and then he'll get it. Create the vision. And then selling the car becomes a byproduct of reverse engineering this vision. That's a very different story than we gotta sell the cars. 'cause Dave said it's, I want peace in my life. I want freedom. I want our kid to not know debt. And we've had debt, our whole marriage and we've gotta change our family tree. It starts with us.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And Oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here and you know you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options and term take care of your dadgum family. Man. Term life insurance can replace income, pay off debts, cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's Exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying I love you to your family Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month, we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner, and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter, no purchases necessary, and you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck, you're wondering where your money's going. Your first step is getting on a budget. Our team is hosting free budgeting trainings this month that you can jump in on, where you're gonna learn step by step, how to make and stick to a budget. Using EveryDollar, we're gonna make it easy and dare I say fun. Plus you can get your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a. So spots are limited. Go sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Sasha is in Baltimore. Up next, How can we help Sasha? Hi guys. How are you? Doing great. Better than we deserve. Good. What's going on? Good. So my question is, I need some help trying to navigate, navigate if I should sell my house, rent my house, or stay in my house. And I am a mom of two. I have a 12-year-old, I have a newborn and I'm really just trying to, I'm starting to really feel the heat of wanting to save for retirement, save for college, just having money to build experiences with my daughters. And this house is a burden.


Can you not afford the payment? So the payment is, oh, it's decent. It's just that I feel like I'm one house emergency away from, so my mortgage, the mortgage I have now, I also have two extra mortgages of what they call partial claims because I ran into like repairs and it really set me back And I wasn't able to make that mortgage payment. So I'm just like, I'm at a space where I, So you basically owe, So you owe the back mortgages, owe payments that you missed. How much do you owe total? So total is one 30, like one, I would say one 40. It's 1 38 and some change. One 40 total between all the mortgages?


Yes. And what's your monthly payment that you have to make? 1279. Okay. And what's the take home pay per month that you're bringing in? About 4,400. I make about 80 5K, a little bit over 80 5K. Okay. Okay. So you, you're right there. Tell us us what else, what other debt you have because something else is eaten your lunch here. Well, I have a newborn, so that's my, you know, the, the daycare cost of have it a newborn. But I also have, I don't have any consumer debt. I have a car payment And I have a student loan. That's it. Okay. Car payment, that's all.


That's consumer debt. So how much is your car? How much is your car? What's the balance? Like what do owe The Balance on the car is about 16 k and my car payment is about five 50 a month. Okay. And what's the car worth? Have you looked, if you were to sell it today and get something cheaper, do you know what you could get for I had that book. Book. Okay, let's call that homework. Let's call that homework number one today. When you get off the call, we want you to go on kelly blue book.com And we want you to look for private sale. If you were to sell it today on your own, what it would be worth because it could be, yeah, you sell that and you get 500 bucks back in your pocket, that'd be great if you can at least break even on it and then get something, you know, a little less nice in cash.


Right. So what's left on the student loans? So I guess what, I guess what my issue is is even with the house thing, So I live directly across the street from my hospital. I'm able to move back in with my mom and have space and everything. But it's just, even the idea of renting it to like traveling nurses and things, it's just the money for the repairs. So even just selling my car, where was that? Where's the money gonna come from to buy another car that I need now? Well, I think it's, it's working, it's aspirational, right? So if you say, if you look, if you do the homework tonight and you look up and you find, man, I owe 16,000 and you know, maybe the car is worth 14, right? Let's pretend that you're at a deficit and it's 2000. Now you can at least start to, you have the information to go, okay, what would it look like for me to save up 2000?


And then what could I, how quickly could I save another 5,000 and what's out there for 5,000? Right? You can start to use that as a jump off point for different ideas. Because a lot of times when you're in your situation, it feels like you're painted into a corner and the best thing you can give yourself right now are lots of options and ideas forward. So right now, one option you have forward, like you said, is I could go live with my mom or I could rent the house, right? You're already laying out ideas and I'm just giving you more. So I would say the idea of renting your house doesn't feel like the right move. Because what makes home ownership stressful is you're on the hook for everything. Right? And you said that earlier, you know, I, I fell on hard times, I couldn't pay for it.


And now look, so if you're, if you're gonna sell the house, if you're moving out of the house, sell it. I wouldn't move out and keep it. But is the, is the allure to move in with mom? Is it for childcare? Tell us more about that. Well, the allure to move in with mom is just based on speaking to real estate agents and it, the, the law is to get out of debt. It's really just to get out of debt, simplify, and just really try to rebuild from there. Plus it, my mom would be there So I would have the support. And Is she local? Yeah, she's local. Okay. So Yeah. So you got the 16,000, let's, let's look at the size of the problem.


You got the 16,000 on the car. How much were the student loans? The student loans are 20, 23. Anything else? No, that's It. So you have 39,000 in debt and you're making 80 5K. This is a very solvable problem. That makes me feel really good to hear. Yeah, well but I think what you're searching for is a shortcut to, you know, make the problem go away faster. But you are the solution. You put this income to work everything above food, utility, shelter, transportation goes toward the debt. I mean we can crunch some easy numbers here. Are you able to get your income up at all with side hustles, drop the kids off at mom's and you Go to work at night?


Not at the moment, no. I'm not able to. And that's what a lot of the things when I was trying to think about like how would I like, especially with this newborn, maybe when she gets a little bit older, But maybe, and it sounds like you're doing this all on your own Dad's not in the picture. I am. No, not really. No child support, no alimony, No. And really, honestly, it's making me feel a lot better if I can figure out what I can do. Yeah. Instead of just putting myself out there again to try to see if somebody else would help me. No, That's not what I'm advocating for. I'm trying to make sure there's not other income that is coming in or should be coming in to help you get through this. Here's the good Thing, it's just all me. The good thing is, And I wanna validate this, a, a lot of times people call in and the mortgage is the problem for you.


That's not the problem. So that's a green check. I want you to leave off the phone feeling really good about where your mortgage is. So I don't think that's where we look for the solution. The second thing Sasha, is there is a seasonality to life that's very real, especially when it comes to the baby steps. Not just when we're in debt, but at at different points of time. When you have really little kids that plays very majorly into what you're able to accomplish. Now add into the equation that you're a single mom and this, it does, it doesn't change what you're able to accomplish. It changes how fast you're able to accomplish it. So there's part of this that I want you to know, hey, as long as you're looking at this and saying, here's where I see the problem is, here's where I'm gonna start to make adjustments in that area.


But just knowing, hey, probably for the first year this is gonna be really tough And I might not have the time to do some of the things I wish I could do. And that's okay. And, and this time the main thing to do is say this. Hey number one, I am not going into any debt. Like I've drawn a line of in the sand, I don't borrow money. Period. That is your numero uno right now. No matter come hell or high water, you don't borrow money. So if you can do that, that's a win. And then number two, George, if I were, my number one goal would be I'm gonna have a thousand dollars saved. By the way, do you have any money saved? Yes, I did save my a thousand dollars. Okay. For the first baby step. And I think I have like maybe two more Gs.


So my Number that I was trying to figure out how I would do like improvements with the house and stuff like That. No. Yeah. Improvements with the house is on down the list. I think your number one goal. First homework, I find out what the car's worth second financial goal is, how quickly can I save $5,000 so that I can get out of this car? Because for you to get outta that car and have that $500 payment back, that is the breathing room you're looking for. And you can start to make some progress towards kicking out the rest of the student loan. Are you Doing any investing right now, Sasha? No. Nothing. Nothing going Toward 401k? No. No. Okay, good. And I really wanna get into that with Yes And you will. You will.


But don't let that be the thing that's making you feel like you're behind or like something's not right. You will get to that. It is truly step by step baby step at a time. Okay. Think about this S chef. You can find 1600 bucks to throw this debt every month out of your take home pay. You can be outta debt completely in 24 months. Worst case. Wow. Worst case. That would be great if you just consistently no matter what, like Jade said, you're being very intentional with that budget, throwing this money toward the debt. It's going to happen. And that's if you don't sell the car. So you can do this. I just hope we can show you the forge from the trees and show you there's a way out. It doesn't involve selling your house, renting it out, moving in with mom. I would pause on that and see what progress you can make on your own


As an investor and a person of faith. When your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news. Timothy Plan offers investments for people who want to be intentional about where their money goes. As a pioneering force and biblically responsible investing, Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by four side fund services LLC.


These days the internet is chockfull of so-called investing advice from random goobs with zero qualifications. Listen folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about. That's why I recommend the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster RAMSEY Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. If you're enjoying the show, if you ever have, do us a quick favor. Hit the subscribe button, hit the like button, hit the review button, share it with a friend. All of that really helps us spread the word. Get this message out to more people and it works. The algorithm says, Hey, let's show this to more people And we can help more people that way. That's right. All because you clicked a button so means the world. Thank you for doing that. Alyssa is up next in Los Angeles. What's going on Alyssa? How can we help? Hi, thank you for taking my call. Sure. So I'm calling to ask if it's okay to use a portion of our children's 5 29 plans that we have been setting aside to help fund my graduate program.


Okay, what's the graduate program? It's a doctorate for nurse practitioner. Awesome. How much is it gonna cost? The total program's 81,000 without scholarships and grants, which I'm really hoping to get. And how much is in the 5 29? About 48,000. Okay. So you would take all the money out and still have a deficit. How would you pay for the rest? Okay, so the program I'm gonna do part-time and it's over five years And I'm gonna try and cash flow. Most of it, I don't know because I'm still, I'm kind of transitioning from stay at home mom to working.


I do work as a registered nurse right now, part-time. I don't know how much I'm gonna be able to work while in the program and so I'm just trying to figure out if I need to dip into it, you know? Can, is that wrong to be taken out of the 5 29? It's not morally wrong. You'd have to change the beneficiary to you, which is totally legal. It's more just, you know, knowing that you're not gonna have money for your kid when it comes time for college unless you replenish this very quickly. Yeah. How old are the kids? 14 and 16. And I think that their plan is with, they're trying to do service missions and such after high school.


And so they would probably be entering college at the same time that I would be graduating And my in-laws graciously have made a 5 29 plan separately that could actually fund their first year of college. And then you would flow the remaining years. Right. And and actually we don't, we don't need any of my income. We, we live off of my husband's income. And so really like my first year out of this doctorate program, like I'd be able to give all of any income I make to, you know, my kids' college. Okay. What's your husband make? So after health insurance, what we taxes, what we pay to retirement 'cause we're in baby steps 4, 5, 6.


Awesome. It's about 122,000. Great. So you got 10 grand a month coming in, that's more than enough to pay your bills. So what you're really saying is, can I use these funds and then replenish them or cash flow them, you know, three years from now, four years from now. Right. I think that's a great idea. I mean as long as you're not going to debt, you're cash flowing this, now you're marked it for the kids. But if you're saying grandma and grandpa have another fund set aside, we're gonna be able to cashflow this. We've communicated to the kids the plan, you know, I just don't want them to go, I'm not doing missions, I'm gonna Go to a school that's $200,000. And you know, regardless of what you say, I just wanna make sure that we're all very clear about the near future.


Yeah, So we did, we actually did have a family council about this And we talked it over with our kids because we're pretty transparent with finances with our kids. And so like they're okay, they're okay with me returning to school. They understand that what we've agreed to pay for for their college, they, they know about the five 20 nines that their grandparents have made for them and like everyone's on the same page and they're okay with it. They're supportive of it. Good. Love it. I love this green, I love green lights. I love this family council. Yeah. And you're pursuing a a, an awesome graduate program. You know, if you were just going because you were like soul searching, that's one thing, right? Just to Go to more school. But this is gonna very much increase your income. Do you know by how much from what you're making now to what you would be making?


Well, so I'm just doing kind of an as needed right now. I probably make about 18,000 a year, which is nothing but registered nurses make. They can make a lot more. But as a nurse practitioner in this area And I wanna do a pediatric acute care, which is like emergency, they could probably bring between 110, 140,000 a year. Awesome. Okay. That's a sweet upgrade. And the program seems reasonably priced for five years of school for 80 grand, is that what you're saying? Yeah. Okay. Wow. And you'd be Dr. Alyssa. Pretty cool. That's pretty sweet. I like this plan. Alyssa, thank you so much for the call.


This is great. I got a lot of, most of my family's in that I'm the black sheep that Oh yeah. I'm not gonna do any of that medical stuff, but they're great fields. Yeah. And the, the less debt you have, the more fun it is. So I think That's amazing. If you can cashflow all of this, I'd go for it. Charlene is up next in Orlando. What's going on Shelene? Hi you guys. Thank you so much for taking my call. Absolutely. For, I just wanted to say, praise god for you guys. I have some hope again after putting my head in the sand. I have a lot of medical school debt and we're just in kind of, I would say one third of the way through baby step two, but I still have a lot of medical school debt left.


And so my question was I have this high medical school debt, but I also have high interest rates on them. So I was wondering if I should consolidate to get a lower rate so that as I'm working through it, I'm not just kind of treading water. Maybe tell us more about the debt. How much is it and what are the rates? How many are there? It's about, it's a 700,000 in medical school debt that has, you know, accumulated over time and it's broken down into 11 different loans and it's between 6.8% and 8.5%. Are they private? No, they're federal. Oh, federal. Okay. Okay.


My, my gut says I would consider refinancing before consolidating. I'm not a fan of consolidation 'cause you're just moving the debt around and it hurts the debt snowball momentum.


And So I'm wondering, and Jade, I know we've got a partner over here on The Ramsey Show. I was about To say Laurel, that helps with this. I, Laurel Road does do that. And So you can go over there, you can do a five minute consult And I mean they're looking at your specific situation. So I think that you 100% qualify to do that. Here's, here's the trade off And I wanna be really clear about this. So sometimes when you do, if you were to do a consolidation, what I don't like about that is it groups it all together and you've got this one payment. And when we talk about doing the debt snowball, that almost feels insurmountable. But if it's something that they could go in and refinance, it sometimes does still lump it together. So just understand that going forward and figure out what makes sense for you. What's better? Would you rather have a couple of these that have a higher, you know, percentage or maybe it's some of them that you refinance because you're gonna have to work through this. What's you, what's you guys' income? It's about 450,000. Okay.


So how much, okay, so it's the shovel to debt in ratio feels more normalized when you put it that way. Yeah. How many loans is it right now? If you broke it all out It's 11, 11. 11 different loans. So yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'll tell you the, I'll tell you my thoughts on it. You know, my husband And I had 280,000 of student loans and the, the biggest one was 90,000 and the rate, I would say probably about that time, the ratio that we were working with was similar to you, your guys'. And it's just, I'll tell you, it is daunting to look at a big old sum like that because a couple of them had been consolidated for a better rate. So I'll just let you know upfront, like that's what you're facing when you do that and you have to ask yourself with the speed at which you're moving, are those percentage points worth it for that overwhelming feeling of saying, I'm not gonna get those dopamine hits every time I pay off, you know, one of these guys.


If that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. So a few things to consider Charlene is make sure that it's a hundred percent free to refinance that you can get a lower interest rate. None of these are variable, right? They're all fixed rate. They're all fixed rate. Okay, good. Make sure that you're not signing up for a longer repayment period and all of that can just help you make a smart decision instead of just chasing a rate at all costs. But you guys can do this. I mean, this is like a three year journey for you guys at this point to get outta debt completely. Yeah, I think So. Yeah, that's what the numbers show. That's right. And we are being very intense about it and got EveryDollar and we're, we're on the way And I, I'm probably gonna cry, but I had my head in the sand for so long and started out with 400,000 and then accumulated this 300,000 And I feel like you guys are such a godsend.


I feel like this is exactly what God was telling me to do. Good, good. And I feel like We can be, we can be the lenders, not the borrowers. That's Right. We can preach, preach. Helene beautifully said. We are cheering for you.


You spend hours researching before making a major purchase like a home or car. But it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage to protect your biggest assets. I recommend using Ramsey Trusted pros, whether you're looking for car home or any other type of insurance. Ramsey Trusted providers have been coached and vetted to serve you like we would find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


Are you staying on track with the baby steps? You can take a quick quiz to check your progress and get a personalized plan made just for you. Simply head to the show notes, click on the link titled Are You On Track with the Baby Steps and complete the quiz. Chris is up next in New Orleans. What's going on Chris? Hey guys, appreciate it. Thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? So my wife And I were on baby step seven, I'm 36. Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing. I know. Appreciate it. We, you know, we've grinded away our whole lives, lived below our means, done all the things that you guys say. It's worked well. We've got a couple young kids at home and we're rolling into a nice summer and we've got the itch to put in a pool.


Yes. My kind of call. That's right. It's a lot of money. The biggest thing for us is something that we're gonna do it, we wanna do it while the kids are young, but we don't wanna put our retirement future in jeopardy either. You know, we wanna be able to thrive in our late forties, fifties, and and sixties. So wanna know what, what you guys would have to, to say about it. What's The pool gonna cost? You got some bids? Well, yeah, yeah. To do it right. It's probably gonna be about $150,000 or so. That, that's right. That was my guess. Yeah. Spot on. Okay. That sounds about right. How much money do you guys have now outside of the emergency fund saved up for this? Yeah, I feel like we've done pretty well.


We've, for retirement and investments, we've got about three, three and a half million. Woo. Is that a Thought now? Wait a minute. Yeah. Chris, Chris, is this a prank call? Why are you even calling us Chris? This, You didn't need to ask us this Chris. Now the caller now everyone listening is mad at you. Like, this guy's a humble bragger. Okay, how much do you have you kid? Congratulations. That's not a retirement that you can use on the pool today. Yeah, So I those it's about 50 50. So split between brokerage. So you cash out, you know, 150 grand of the brokerage a little more to counter and factor in taxes, right? Capital gains, yeah. Yeah. It would probably be a mix of that and then just cash flow in it with what we have coming in. Do it a Mix of best.


Yeah, do it it And I try to cashflow as much as possible. Yeah. Wow. Okay. Alright. I I didn't think it would be that easy. It's just we've never been accustomed to spending that. Don't get me wrong, we haven't lived scorched earth. We've lived a good life, but we have tried to live a lot means so when we're talking Yeah. Six figures to dig a hole in the ground and put water in it, it seems, seems a little bit crazy. But that, that's, I mean, where we are. So I mean, you do have to consider one really important caveat to this whole thing, which is if you do this, you have to invite George And I over for a pool party. A hundred percent. You got floaties for me. Do it. New Orleans style. That's right. That's right. We can do it. Are you gonna have a pool house too? I feel like this need, you gotta up it at this point where now we're mad at you.


I know, man. For not spending enough. Yeah, this is, this is gonna start the ball rolling. This is very Exciting. Hey. And in y'all's terms, baby steps, right? That's one Day and you've earned it. You've earned it. You know, a lot of people, it's good People crank today, man. That's, People think all those RAMSEY people, they don't want you to have a good life. They want you to be frugal forever. I'm like, nope. You forgot the part where it said live like no one else. So later you can live like no one else. Hell, I know that's right. Later for Chris is a lot earlier because he worked his butt off. My guess is they've had a high six figure income for a long time, kept their lifestyle in check Yes. And then put away the rest of that money. Yes. Do you have $3 million, 3.5 million Yes. In just investment accounts. Yes. It's insane. And if I may let me, I, I gotta, I gotta get on some folks real quick if I may.


'cause George, every once in a while, my, my silly self goes and looks at some of the comments Oh. Of the YouTube channel. I could have warned you against that. Let me do that, Jade. That's my job. I, every once in a while I do. And you guys, what George says is right, you guys get mad at people like Chris who call in and they're, they've done something good. Don't, don't, don't be haters. Don't sip on that haterade and go in the comments talking about, oh, this guy's humble bragging. He didn't need to call the she don't do that. He's our hope. He's the one that's we can look at and go, Chris did it. I can do it. Instead of being like that, you need to be asking questions. You need to be calling up Chris and saying, Chris, bro, how'd you do it at 37? There go. You got a pool? How can I do it?


That's the spirit you need to have not hating on Chris because he's doing well in life. Don't, don't have that spirit. That's an ugly, my mom used to say like, that's, you're too pretty to be attracting that ugly don't tweet. Oh, I like that. Yeah. My mom never told me that. She never said I was too pretty. My mom, My mom told me that. 'cause you know, Here's my version. Ugly. Don't be envious, be curious. There you go. All Right. I feel like y'all are setting up for like a read the comments like segment where you go through And I think we're ready to read some mean tweets like you do on your show, judge. Yeah, we're, we're ready. It is fun. Yeah, that's half my job. Let's just responding to the haters and I'm like, what am I, I'm dragging myself into the mud with the pigs. You know, they're not gonna know who's who in the, in the mud pit at this point. I've responded like two times And I immediately regretted It feels good in the moment.


You know, it's like Taco Bell at midnight, you're like, this feels like a good idea right now. I'm gonna call, Can James gimme permission? I'm gonna call somebody out right now. So I again was silly enough to go in the comments and somebody was like, man, Jade's guns are big, but her stomach is big too. I was like, why? Who raised you? How are you saying this? He was like, Jade legit has a gut. And in my mind I was like, what's happening right now? So I'm just selling, I see what you guys are saying. And I almost responded. I almost responded. My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, But I didn't. Oh my Gosh. I didn't, Didn't write it. I would've shut down the comment section. I Didn't write it. I said it instead on. I'm a little Upset. No one's ever commenting.


Look at George's big guns. So look at Jade's big guns. I'm sick of this jade mom. Like, He gave me a compliment then he gave me a backhanded compliment. That's not right. Let me live. What a time to be alive. Yeah, I know. All Right, Caleb, save us from ourselves. He's in Knoxville. What's going on man? Hey guys, it's great to speak with you guys. Absolutely. What's your question today? Yeah, I was calling to see if me and my wife should pause our tithe giving fund to pay down debt a little sooner. We currently give about 10% of our income. We save it and give it where needed, whether it's our local church or to missionaries overseas, but we were just trying to see if we'd probably save maybe 600 extra dollars a month if I were to either cut it in half or not give at all.


Well you, you mentioned the word tithe, which makes me assume that you are a believer and this is a part of your spiritual belief, right? Yes. Yeah. My, my dad is instilled that into me for a long time. So I've been giving 10%, 10% for a long time. Yeah, But we're, And I on paper you're like, what am I, I could save this much and get at it it faster. Like they would want that. Right? Here's how I look at it. Jade may have a different take. It's kind of like saying, Hey, should I stop showering and brushing my teeth to save 45 minutes every morning? We'd all be like, no, don't do that. This is a part interesting. This is a part of your values, your routine, something that that makes you who you are. And that's why I would say don't pause this. And you're talking to the math nerd who's like, well no, on paper it's amazing.


And so I'm okay with it slowing down your debt progress. 'cause I don't see it as the make or break of you guys getting outta debt. I see it as a core tenant of your financial values being lived out. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I let, let me tell you, I think it bothers you otherwise you wouldn't have called in. And that's not me. That's just me thinking. If you didn't think there was a, a yin and a yang to this, you probably would've just done it and not thought anything about it. But because it is morals and values based, the fact that you called us lets me know that something for you is not quite sitting 100. So that's why I might pull back and go, if this is, if for me, if it's a values thing or a morals thing, if I am not feeling 100, I can't do it.


'cause it's that nagging thing that's like, ugh. Yeah. And that makes a lot of sense. And that's, you know, I appreciate that advice and you know, like I said, we've been giving for a long time And I don't think it'll make and break us getting out of debt, but I was like, man, I could probably put, you know, six, 700 more. Here's what I would do, Caleb. This is, and this is what I've done. I go, okay, how do I now create $700 of margin without losing that? That's a good thought, George. Do I need to work more? Can we cut other expenses? And that encouraged me to get creative without losing my values. And So I, I don't want you to gain progress but lose peace. It's not worth the trade off. Yeah. And I'll tell you one more that makes a lot of sense.


I'll tell you one more, Caleb, and this is not like any shame or guilt 'cause you, you can walk around and do whatever you want from this and God is not gonna, he's always gonna love you exactly like he does today. So there's that. Yeah. But I can tell you when Sam And I were paying off debt, you're right. There is that temptation to be like, ah, you know, but actually Sam And I leaned into that And we started giving more. And let me tell you that for us was the popoff in a lot of ways. And it's not to say you give and God gives back money to you. I'm not saying that, but I am saying there is a principle of when you have your hands open, things go out. But a lot of things come in and it just is something about the posture of your heart that God does honor in more ways than one and in many ways other than just money.


So I think, I think you know what to Do here. It's beautifully said. Thank you for the call, Caleb. And it's a good reminder that tithing is not a baby step. If that's a belief you have as a believer, it's something you do throughout all the baby steps. And remember, you can always give more once you're outta debt. Go call every customer for a,


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right, by the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go, So you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now.


All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. So what do we do.