
From Ramsey Network, it's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by bestselling author Dr. John Delony, and we're taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Don't be shy. Give us a buzz. And if you're kind, and you've got a great question, Christian, we'll let you through and we'll try to give you the, the best advice can, Or if you're not kind, that's fine. Well, I think if you're a jerk, I don't think that's gonna help your chances. It might. Does that work for you? It no it doesn't, but it makes good radio, I guess. Just be kind is a good life. It's a good life principle to live by. And would you, would you know it, John and Fort Worth, Texas is kicking us off.


This guy's from Fort Worth. He's from the 8 1 7. He's from the right side of DFW. He's gonna be kind. What's up John? Salt Of the earth. What's going on? I try to be kind. how are you guys doing? Excellent. I understand that when an Oklahoman comes into town, it makes it really tough. But you're trying, I appreciate you. Oh, It's a whole different story then. What's up? Okay. I'm 57 years old. I've got 51,000 in debt. I've been served on three of the accounts and just don't know where to go. I'm considering chapter 11, chapter seven, but I don't know if I have any better options or not.


Well, a better option is not filing bankruptcy for sure. Right. Because it's gonna implode your financial life. What kind of debt is the 51? I've got four credit cards and then one unsecured loan. What happened? Oh gosh. Back in the covid years, I lost my job. Had a hard time finding one after that. And that, that, that occurred. A lot of it. John, what do you do? Because I, I grew, I was, I, I've lived in Texas most of my life and most of my friend community still lives there. My understanding it's been a hiring bonanza the last 36, 48 months.


What, what do you, what do you do for a living that you struggle to find work? I'm in purchasing and customer service. Okay. What are you making right now? Well, right now I'm an employee again. I got laid off about three months ago. Okay. My division that I was working for moved to Atlanta. And did they go without you or they want you to move and you didn't wanna make that deal? Well, I mean, I, I wasn't, that wasn't even an option. I wasn't gonna move to Atlanta. Okay. But And I mean I've put in, I've been on Indeed and LinkedIn. I've put in various applications and just got not getting any feedback other than thanks, but no thanks. But what the, Right now I'm doing nothing.


Have you been in contact with the, the companies, I'm guessing not the credit card companies anymore 'cause that's long gone now It's with the collectors. I haven't contacted them at all, no. Okay. Have they been contacting you? 'cause they've been serving you. The one opened my credit cards. They, they've all been closed. They haven't attempted any contacts since then, other than I've been served on three of them. And is it the credit card company suing you personally or is it collections coming after you? This would be the credit card companies, I guess. Okay. I would contact them and let them know what's going on. I want you to be proactive about this.


I know it's kind of easier to be just ostrich head in the sand and be in la la land, but I would let them know, Hey, listen, I got laid off three months ago. I want to pay you back when I'm working. Can we set up a payment plan? Can we negotiate this instead of filing bankruptcy? Okay. Because You file bankruptcy, they get nothing. But if you work your butt off, you can clean this up. Avoid bankruptcy and give them something and clean up this debt. But, and that's what I wanna lean on, man. Only 'cause I love you and I'm, I'm just trying to think of myself in your situation. What have you done for the last three years or four years? Well, no, I mean I was working at that time.


Or let me ask you this. At, at what point will, will you say, okay, I've done purchasing for a long time. I'm trying these, these avenues. It keeps being things, but no thanks. I gotta go to Walmart and get a job. I gotta go get three jobs. 'cause I've gotten, I've got literally $0 and I'm getting sued by multiple people for money that I've already spent that they loaned me. Like there's, there's a sense of this is all happening to me and I'm trying to reestablish your sense of agency. You've got a lot more control in this deal and it's not gonna look like you did. What were you making before as a purchasing guy? Well, my last one was about 55.


You could go find two full-time jobs that you work in a, in a single day to make more than 55,000. But just, just sit sitting there for three months. I mean, you can go move boxes at Walmart and, and make some good money. Right. You can go if, if you make that choice, it's gonna, you have to swallow your pride and you have to go get to work. But, but I mean, you're, you're literally not doing anything. You have no, no income coming in, do you? Just the unemployment? Yeah. I mean, I want more for you than That. Are you living alone? Sure. No, I'm, I'm married. Okay. And what's your wife do? She's a retired teacher. Does she have income from that?


Does TRS? She she does. And she's also suing us as well. Okay. Because if she can work more and you work twice as hard as she does, we can climb out of this thing and actually retire with some dignity. But I feel like right now you've lost your fight 'cause you got knocked down a few times. Right. Which is understandable. But man, you still got a lot of life ahead of you. And, I don't want you to spend it cleaning up after bankruptcy. 'cause guess what? They don't wanna drag you through court. They don't wanna pay all this money either. And So I would be in contact with 'em saying, listen, we're gonna work our butts off to get you guys some money and get rid of this debt. Will you settle for X, Y, Z? Chances are, if the debt's old, they're gonna settle for cents on the dollar. So you say, Hey listen, I got 10 grand.


Can we call this debt good, paid in full, don't give them access to your checking account and we move on with our life. 'cause bankruptcy's not going to solve all your problems. You're gonna be right back to where you were because zero habits changed. And John and George, I missed the number. How much, how much is in collections here? 51,000. Is That right? 51,000. That's correct. And are you continually going into debt right now? No. Okay. So you, are you paying all your bills? Do you have any other debt that's not in collections? I have like a second mortgage that I did, which is up to date and a car payment. What's left on those total? About 10,000 on the mortgage.


And I. Think about 3000 on the car. Okay. Have you talked to your wife about this? A little bit. Not a lot. Is she concerned? Is she just like you? Do you, John, what's her attitude? She's pretty concerned. Okay. I think she lost her husband. Right. This Isn't the, the Fort Worth Texas guy she married. Can I ask you where, where are you? I'm pretty low. Yeah, Tell me about it. Well, I mean, just, I just feel defeated. Yeah. You know, like the, the rug's been pulled out and there's, there's no, you know, safety net or whatever, you know?


Yeah. Will, will you get up today and go have work by Saturday morning? I would love to. Okay. I guarantee you there are places hiring and they are not gonna be traditionally sexy places. And you're not gonna be able to tell your friends and community that you're a purchasing guy. You're gonna have to tell him, Hey, I'm an assistant manager over at Culver's, or I'm throwing boxes from 5:00 PM to 11:00 PM And they may raise their eyebrow at you and they may smile real big and say, that's what, that's what a husband does. When the rug gets pulled out from under him, he gets knocked down and he gets back up and he goes and knocks on a door. And it's not your forever jobs.


These are your right now jobs and you're gonna get your swagger back and your dignity back. And then when you go into one of these interviews, someone's gonna say, you're my guy. Let's go knock on the door and get a job by tomorrow. You can do it. We believe in you. Are you working the baby steps?


One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one. And replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone, and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony, Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. You call up, we'll try to help you take the right next step for your life, your money and your relationships.


Well, John, get this, you know, this stat, nearly half of the US population reports that are lives are affected by anxiety, stress, or burnout. Anxiety is everywhere. And you know, anxiety is not the actual problem. Occasionally it is, but almost always it's Not something below that. Right, Right. Right. We're unsafe. We don't have the people in our lives we're unhealthy. There's just so much going on. We've created a chaotic world and we get mad at our bodies for responding chaotically. Right? Yeah. And it's one of the reasons you wrote your bestselling book, building a Non-Anxious Life. And right now, during this campaign, we've got it's 12 bucks, which is incredible. And you walk through the six Daily choices. Dave always us stuff. I feel like with inflation it should be more. But you know, Dave does what Dave does. So you can get that right now for 12 bucks on the Ramsey Solutions store. You can get questions for humans, which will improve your relationships with 55 conversation starters that will leave you laughing, spark meaningful conversations and so much more. And John's other bestselling book, own Your Past, change Your Future. Also 12 Bucks. So get these bestsellers and so much more on sale right now. But it ends August 31st, which if you're doing the math is like right now, there's just hours left. So go check it out. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash sale.


All right, let's get to Rachel in Myrtle Beach. Who awaits what's going on? Rachel? Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. I, my husband And I, well, I guess it came through my side, but I recently received an, we recently received an inheritance of about $7 million. Wow. Before that 7 million. Yeah, that was, have You gotten used to just saying that sentence? No. Okay. You said it so casually. Yeah, we got our inheritance. 7 million. Who passed away? My father. I'm so sorry. Wow. What was his name?


His name was Dan. Man, what a legacy. What a, yeah. No kidding. That's amazing. Yeah. Yep. So, thank you. So how, how long ago did you receive this inheritance? It's been, it's been about six months. Okay. So where is $7 million sitting? Is it just sitting in a, in an escrow account somewhere? So we have it with a financial advisor and it, it's getting slowly invested into different things. Okay. Okay. How can we help today? So, So the problem, well, you'd think it wouldn't be the money. And I know this isn't a typical, you know, problem for people.


Usually the opposite. But so before we received that inheritance, my husband, And I worked really hard to save a million dollars ourself. There you go. I've been a stay, I've been a stay at home mom and my husband just worked really hard. We paid off all our debts, our house, everything, without ever thinking we would ever acquire any inheritance. You know, we had no idea that this even existed. But anyway, so whenever I found out I was gonna get the inheritance, I initially thought it was gonna be maybe 3 million And I came home and told my husband And I was just crying because I was like, this is gonna make, you know, him feel so much better because he's always so worried about money and he is worried about, you know, if we're gonna be okay in the future and just about retirement.


He's like so worried about it. And So, I was like so happy that this is gonna help him make him feel peace. But when we got it, it's actually been the opposite. Mm. Now he like is super scared about losing it, doesn't wanna spend any of it. We're actually building a house right now. We were building it before we received or had any idea. We're getting the inheritance and, but he just, like, I, I've kind of wanted to do some extra things now that I, that we got the money and he's kind of, he's like pretty upset About it. He, you're gonna blow through the money and have nothing in retirement. What did you say? Is he scared you guys are gonna blow through the money?


Like you're gonna be frivolous with it? Yeah. Hmm. So even though We've never been like that and we just aren't, like I drive a super old minivan still. Like he drives an old horse. I mean, we're not, well he's stuck in, in his scarcity mindset. It's just on loop, Right? This, this anxiousness has never been about the money. There's something So what I I don't, Go ahead. Go Ahead sir. I was just gonna say, I don't, it's, it's really affected our marriage. I mean, money has always been a big issue in our marriage. Just the fact that he, he wants to save, save, save. And I'm all about it. Like I've, I've supported him. I've done my best to be frugal with our kid. You know, he does.


It's not like he's ever made a ton of money, but we've just worked really hard. And I don't know how I feel like he puts his value in his money and, but I also feel very controlled by it. Like, I feel like he doesn't almost like he doesn't love me because he, not that he doesn't love me, but kind of that he doesn't love me. He loves his money more, more than he would like me to just enjoy things sometimes. Yeah. Like we're building a house and before we had this money, we were gonna do the basic, you know, like it was gonna, it's a lot of money, but it was gonna cost us $500,000. We were gonna pay for it in cash and we were just gonna do the basic things like lamb floors and, you know, whatever. But since I got the money, I was like, well, I wanna spend some things that I want.


Like I wanna get, you know, quartz countertops instead and like tile in the bathrooms instead of laminate, you know, things like that. So I kind of made myself a budget of like 50 or $60,000 just extra things that I would like, that I would enjoy in my home. And he takes that like I am like personally hurting him. And, and so he like doesn't want anything to do with the house. He doesn't like, he doesn't wanna be a part of it anymore because it's like I'm hurting him. Do you know? I don't, I don't know If that makes sense. I know. Yeah. It, it totally does. But I need you to say, I need you to, to internalize what I'm about to say. This has nothing to do with the money.


Okay. This has, I don't know. I don't know. I, I know he, he, he, for whatever reason, it could be that he grew up and money was scarce growing up. It could be that he saw people make fun of his old man for not making enough. Who knows where these, where these little nervous system GPS pins got put in place, but at some place, his nervous system says it's all coming down at any second and it's gonna be your fault. Yeah. And so this doesn't have anything to do with the money, by the way, you coming in the door with $7 million, probably pour gasoline on that fire because you solved the, the biggest crisis of his life, which is do I have any worth?


Yeah. And you, and you said, look, we're free. And he goes, oh God. Now I feel even smaller. And often the only way to feel bigger is to puff your chest out and to take your ball and go home and not actually sit down and solve some of the problems. So this isn't about money. You are well within your rights. I, I, I mean, hear us, me and George say you're not crazy to spend 60,000. I think you're crazy to only spend 60,000. You have a check for $7 million. That's like John getting a taco. Do you understand the, the scale here? I mean, imagine your dad, how big his smile would be if he got to see you put in a pool and like whatever else you wanted to do.


Right? So here's the bigger conversation. The marriage that you had is over with a period at the end. Yeah. What you and your husband have to decide to do is, are we gonna build something new? 'cause our life, every bit of our life is different now. Yeah. We are multi multimillionaires. And now Yeah, the game has changed and you have to own that new reality. And then you ha and as a part of building something new, you have to ask hard questions like what do you need and what do you want? And what's gonna bring peace to you. Yeah. And then you get to say the same things also. Yeah. And just like y'all go through fixtures and build this new house.


Y'all gotta do this with your marriage. 'cause it's all different now. Yeah. He spent his whole life building a sandcastle and you just wiped that all away with one big wave. And now there's a mansion there that he didn't build. And I think that scares the crap out of him. Yeah. So I think John's right. And I think you also need to sit, he needs to sit down with a therapist. You guys both need to sit down with a financial advisor and actually crunch some reality numbers and go, listen dude, if you put this in a savings account, you're gonna make 350 grand a year by doing nothing. And so this idea that you're just gonna lose it all is hogwash. You're not gonna put this all in single stocks at the lottery. You're gonna invest this wisely. Yeah. Like you guys already have been doing. But you also like, also there's a math problem here, but his problem's not math.


That's what he thinks it is. I know, but it's not because that's not reality. He can put it in high yield savings account. You Can prove it to him by showing him the math that he's gonna go Yeah, but it doesn't matter then. It wasn't about The math. Yeah. It doesn't matter. What he needs to know is I see you And, I love you, And I wanna build a new thing with you. Will you come with me? And hopefully he says yes and y'all gotta go. Like George said, you gotta go sit with a professional and y'all gotta work through this. Congratulations. Your dad left an amazing legacy.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell. My co-host today is Dr. John Maloney. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Our question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. If you're in default with private student loans, contact Why Refi. Obviously we don't encourage letting your loans get into default. We teach responsibility, but these amounts have some of you really struggling out there. And this is a path forward wifi was created for people in your situation. So go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's YREF y.com/ramsey may not be available in all states. Alright, today's question comes from Scott in Michigan.


Scott writes, I have been in the auto industry for almost six years. I started as a mechanic at a large dealership, moved up to service advisor and recently was promoted to sales consultant. I bring in about $150,000 a year after reading George Campbell's, breaking Free from Broke and the chapter about car loans. I felt guilty for being a part of this industry. Way to go, George. Sorry you guilt pedaler. I've always thought of myself as an honest salesperson. And, I. Don't just sell people a car. I try to educate my customers into making the right decision, but yet I feel very convicted after reading this chapter. Thanks again, George. I went to college for business management but dropped out so that I wouldn't accumulate any more debt.


And I've been gazelle intense so that me and my wife and kids or my wife and kids think I've gone crazy. I fear that if I pursue another career, not be able to earn what I currently make because the auto industry is the one I know. Is it hypocritical to continue to work in an industry that keeps people in debt while working my butt off to get myself out of debt? Hey Dave, can I come work for you? Honestly, we are hiring Scott, so we have a lot of sales roles open at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash careers. But that's for another day. To your question, truthfully, here's my take. John May have a completely different take. I feel like we need Scott in the car industry. We need people with integrity who are leading people to the right decision, who aren't scumbags.


And it's easy to generalize their entire industry as this is a gross industry. But I think what Scott's doing here is noble, it's moral. There's no issues with it. If you are in the lending department and it eats away at your soul, you need to get outta there. But as a, as the salesperson, it's not your job to say, Hey, here's the lending part, here's the financing part. They're gonna go to another guy to deal with the financing. You're there to say, Hey, what is your budget? Here's a car that is in your budget. And then if they have questions along the way, you can steer them to go, Hey, this one might be better for you guys. I want, I want you guys to walk away from here debt free. There's nothing wrong with that as a salesperson. And yeah, you might not get as many commissions as going, you should get the car.


That's way too expensive. 'cause it has this sweet feature. I think we need people with integrity steering people toward that. So you think you, Scott can, can sit down with people and say, okay, Until it eats away, it is sold. What, What kind of money do you have Has to Pay? I think a Corolla is a great option for you. Instead of saying, oh, they just walked in the door. Let's get 'em in a land cruiser. Even though we, we know exactly they can afford the payment. Right? So they may be the voice of reason. And there's a, people are adults when they buy cars and they could always, It's not on you. They don't feel the personal responsibility of that person's decision to buy a car they can't afford. And, I want to address the, the, the bottom of this.


And this is a, this is a heavy one. This idea that for whatever reason, and we live in a wild world now where because of Twitter and because of social media and we know how our bosses vote. We know who they vote for. We know what they think about this issue and that issue. And we know where they stand on this and this. Not to mention, oh, I thought I was selling cars. I didn't realize that y'all only make money on finance. Right? We, we know so much more. Millions of people look in the mirror and say, can I be a part of this particular business for X, y, and Z reasons? 'cause I've got this set of values. And somewhere along the way in this chain of value hierarchies, we don't align.


The question often comes up, but I won't make this kind of money. A I think that's a false sense of scarcity. If you've been able to work yourself up, like clearly this guy is good at what he does. He's a person, a character. He works really hard because he's moved from this position to this. He continues to get promotion. So let's let what has happened be the map forward. You'll find a new industry and you'll work really hard. You'll be a person of integrity. You'll make your way through that. He's a problem solver. That's right. That's the skillset. He's clearly a good leader or they wouldn't keep moving him up. That's number one. Number two, you always have to go back and ask yourself what's your integrity worth? And that's a scary hard question. That's a scary hard question for a guy like me, right? Like, what if it in my core gut?


I just thought at the end of the day when I put my head on my pillow, I think you can get rich from airline miles. And my boss Dave is like, you can't get rich with airline miles. I'd have to ask myself, what's it worth? Right? What's it worth? And So I think all this Incongruence every day, right? You walk And, I just haven't been able to find a way to sleep at night. When, when there's incongruence in your life like that and So I think all of us have to ask that hard question and then go ask, all right, what must be true? Right? But your kids will feel that lack of congruency. Your spouse will feel that lack of congruency. Your body will feel that lack of congruency. So you might think you're just plugging along making such and such paycheck, but man, it will, it will burn the rest of your life to the ground.


It's tough. It's Tough. Yeah. So if you can be a change agent, a change agent here, Scott, and stay in it and make peace with it, and not eat away at your soul, do it and keep helping people. But if you can't, like John's saying, then you gotta make the move outta here. And I, we both believe you have the skillset to move into any other industry and know that the other industry, they probably also sell stuff that someone can finance. So can I, can I tell you that there's a, there was a pivotal moment in my life from a, a friend and extraordinary mentor of mine. His name's Dr. Richard Beck. He's a psychology professor. He's an experimental psychologist. He's a genius gen literal. One day I was sitting with him and some things had happened to some students. And I was really struggling with it.


Whether the university's response was appropriate. I, it didn't sit well with me. So, I went and sat with him. And here's what he said. He said, John, like, I get your your tension here. I get the angst And I. Think you're right. Like as a, as a mentor, as a friend, you're, I want you to know I you're free to go. Like, you're right. And then he said, just know that if you leave, those students will still be here. And if everybody runs out the door just 'cause quote unquote 'cause they can, right? And that particular interaction shifted. So now I wanna find places where maybe I can offer an, an alternative voice.


Or maybe I can say, well, what, let's think of it this way. And where can we find, where can we, like I love what you said this, Scott, this may be the greatest place for you. You may be the one salesperson that continues to say, you know what? I don't think you can afford the Camry, but the Corolla is an amazing car. Let's go check it out. And that you are the person co constantly getting poked fun at by your fellow salespeople. 'cause your commission checks are smaller 'cause you keep directing people to cars that they can actually afford. You know what? The new lot is not for you guys. Let's go over here to the certified new lot because I think this is gonna be a better option for you and your family long term. What if you were that guy and you slowly, painfully changed the culture in, in that and people kept coming back to you 'cause they trusted you.


Well, that word of mouth alone, I'm gonna go, Hey, you need to go see this guy Scott. Go see Scott. He's a good guy. He'll tell you the truth, right? It's so much easier to stand out in a industry filled with scum. Yes, you're the one good guy. So if you, If if there's a place where your boss votes differently, the I quit. Okay. Or what if you stayed? What if you stayed? And what if you said, let's think about it this way. What if you became over time a voice of reason, a voice of a new perspective, and you continue to show up and continue to show up. I think that's how the world changes. If everybody heads for the exits, when it gets hard and scary and uncomfortable, nothing changes. In fact, everything gets more polarized and, and everything gets harder. And so ask yourself that question, Scott and everybody listening. What if you stayed?


What if you stayed and you just begin to slowly offer different ways to see the world? Yeah. I just, I think that's how the world changes. Well, and Especially in this industry. Cars are amoral. Now, if this was a product that is inherently gross, if he's working for a payday or a title pond, I'd say, all right, get outta there. That whole place is stunning. Or like Dan, the the the cocaine dealer. Yes. Probably it's a car. Suddenly I can't, it's a car. Right? Right. It has utility. So this was the choose your own adventure, Scott. We're not gonna tell you to do one thing or the other, but you need to follow your conscience and your values. And the fact that you wrote in maybe tells me it might be time for a different career shift. Who knows? There you go. Or you come here, work for Ramsey. And thanks for reading the book, by the way. I didn't know I was that convincing, John.


That's amazing. Yeah. Yeah. And you've convinced me on some things. Really? Yeah. To do what? Name one Put on the spot on Venmo. Oh, that's right. You convinced me to get Venmo. You've almost convinced me. I was in Pennsylvania two nights ago. And I reached out to you and said, Hey, will you, John doesn't know how to do like Instacart Shipped ice cream food delivery as a surprise to my family. And And I said, John, I'm not your personal assistant. I'd be happy to do that for my hourly rate, which you can't afford. I can't afford. You can't afford that. I can't afford that. But I would do it as a friend. But you did convince me to get Venmo. And I may get what? Instacart Baby steps. I think I'm gonna get Instacart. Let's take it one day at a time. John, I'm going to Get ahead of welcome 21st century here I com.


This is The Ramsey Show.


You've worked, saved, sacrificed, and been gazelle intense with your financial game plan. But do you have the right defense in place, like the right health insurance? Look, you can't walk past a doctor's office these days without getting a massive bill. And if you don't have health insurance, a major medical situation can undo all of your hard work. That's where my friends at Health Trust Financial can help. They work for you, not the insurance company. So they find you the right health insurance and they save you money. Ramsey has recommended Health Trust Financial for two decades because they're the experts. And whether you're 19 years old or 90, you can trust them to do two very important things. Listen to you then find you health insurance coverage with everything you need. And nothing you don't. Health Trust Financial is your one-stop shop for unbiased advice about affordable health insurance options. They could save you hundreds of dollars a month. So make sure you're not overpaying. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com today. Health Trust Financial dot com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony. The phone number to call is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Selena's up next in Washington DC How can we help Selena? Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for having me on your show. Sure. So. I am I have no knowledge of financial literacy at all. And I'm in a space where I am really trying to get my life together. So, I am on baby step two. But I just have a general question about the amount of college debt I have and some concerns with that. So I. Understand that you guys say to start off with the lowest up, the lowest amount that you have first in debt and then to work your way up.


My college loans are $93,000. And I know that after working for the government after 10 years, these loans can be forgiven. So I'm kind of confused on if that's something that I should be even paying like a lot of attention to. Or if I should just say, okay, well after 10 years they're gonna be forgiven anyway. I just don't know what to do with that. So Selena, number one. I would say that I'm proud of you. It is hard to turn and face the storm and that's what you're doing. Amazing. Yeah. Welcome to our gang or our cult, whatever you wanna call it. Whatever the Internet's call us. We're glad that you're here. It's amazing. Thank you. Can I ask you a wild question?


Sure. Who was president 10 years ago? Who was president 10 years ago? My brain doesn't work that way. I don't know exactly. Pressure. So you know what the federal student loan relief policy was 10 years ago? What was it? Yeah. I don't know, but I know this, I know I had a lot of extraordinary brilliant law students who did not go into private large firm law. 'cause the government said it was gonna pay off all their student loans in 10 years. And I know that many of them went in to do public defender stuff. They went to help the least of these in our local communities.


And that relief never came. Yeah. Because somebody else got into office and then somebody else got into office and then somebody else writes a bill and then somebody else sends it to the Supreme Court. All it to say is, if I look around, I don't have a ton of trust that the government's gonna do what they say they're gonna do in 10 years. Yeah. I do have a lot of trust in my ability to get up and say, okay, as for me and my house, here's what we're gonna do next. And that's a sad state of reality, but that's just me choosing reality. Yeah, yeah. No, I agree. It feels nearly impossible for me to even think that $93,000 is something that I can pay off myself.


Why? Who told Selena that? It's, it's a lot of money. And then the interest that I see, like two years ago I was at around 87,000 and then I look again this year and said 93,000. But that's because you, you didn't have a clue about personal finance. And now you're getting ahold of this thing. I have no idea. And you're gonna pay extra. You're gonna do the baby steps. We're gonna get you outta of debt in a few years, Not 10. And the worst part of your story is, I hate to tell you this, it makes my heart hurt. But it's kind of awesome that me and my wife paid off 110 grand and me and George's friend Jade Warshaw, her and her husband paid off like what? $450,000 of student loans. So here's the deal. Wow. You don't see that You can do it.


George And I are on the other side of the tunnel. We know you can, We can tell you, we can show you the math, we can show you the path. But you gotta believe in Selena. 'cause we do. Are you working right now? I am working And. I'm making the most I've ever made, but I just feel like I don't know where my money's going. There we Go. That's a great problem to have. We, and guess what? Guess what? Next year you're probably gonna make more money than you've ever made. And the year after that, you're gonna make more money than you ever made. And so what are you making right now? I'm making $96,000. That's amazing. And what's your total debt load? Yeah. Out of all your consumer debt, My total debt load is around 102,000. Okay. What's the other 9,000 other than student loans?


Well, I have two credit cards. One is 4,100, the other is 4,800. And then I have my phone, which is 800. I'm also paying a car, but I didn't include in that debt. And that's 375 a month. Okay. So making 96, let's imagine that you get a little raise and you're, you're making six figures sooner rather than later. And you have about a hundred thousand in debt. How much do you think you could throw at the debt each year? If you got on a budget, you worked extra, you cut your expenses, you live like a broke college person. Do you think you could throw 30 grand, 35 a year at the debt? If I eat beans and rice like you guys say, yeah, there we go. You think you could, you could, you could manage to throw three grand a month at the debt if you really tried Three grand.


I don't think so. Right? Because what the, the expenses I gave you were just the debt, like the thing that I have in debt. But I still have bills, I still have rent, And, I pay everything by myself. I know that. But I'm saying if we got real creative with every single line item on top of working extra, I think you could find it. Whatever the gap is, you can go find it. You're that resourceful. And if you do that just based on napkin math, you're done with this thing in less than three years and you get your life back. How old are you? 30. So you'll be 33 years old and completely debt free. Or you could be 40 while politicians still dangle the carrot. And you spend all this time waiting and hoping and waiting and hoping. And now we still have a hundred grand left ahead of us at 40 years old.


Right. I'm not taking the chances. I think the variables are, there's far less with Selena than there are with all the outside factors. And so Selena, here's what bonkers looks like. Jade Warshaw and her husband did not have a bed. They slept on an air mattress for years. Oh. Me and my wife sold our house and we moved into a dorm, a college residence hall with a toddler. Because we said, enough is enough. Is enough, is enough. And, I ate in the dorm. I mean in the, in the, in the, in the cafeteria at the university to save money. Wow. Here's what I'm saying. When you decide enough is enough, and when you decide Lina's worth going to war for beans and rice become a delicacy, it's not a sacrifice.


It becomes a, a, a small price to pay for freedom. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. Definitely. But it, you have to, you have to flip that switch or it'll always look like $96,000. $96,000. $96,000. By the way, how much is this car you're driving around that you didn't include in your total debt? So the thing is, I am helping my mom to pay this. This is her car. And I. Just have it temporarily. So I don't really know how much the entire car is. 'cause at some point I'm planning on giving this back to her when she's ready. But You're driving it. Yes, I'm driving it. Okay. Why, why are you paying for your mom's car? She was working from home. She got into some, some health issues.


Okay. And all of her responsibilities were a lot. So we decided that I'd take the car just until she's back on her feet. Could she afford a car When she's ready? Yeah. It doesn't sound like she can, but You're paying it. I'm paying it. She could afford it Until she couldn't afford it. She's working from home. How much, how much is, how much is what kind of car is it? It's a 2019 Toyota RAV4. Okay. I want you to get what the payoff amount is on that car. And I want you to ask yourself a hard question. 'cause it's, it's a depreciating asset, so it's worth less money every month over every year. Yet your payment is the same. And I want you to ask yourself, what if we just sold this car?


And when mom needs to come back online and start working not from home anymore, then she can buy a $3,000. She can buy whatever she can afford with cash. And you're gonna buy whatever you can afford with cash. And suddenly, boom, you got $300 back a month back in your budget to go towards student loans. Yeah. Right. You're right. We talked about that too. Sell it, sell it, sell it. And Toyotas have a great resale value. So sell it. Be free from that one. Okay. Now, George, what kind of tools can we give her to help her out? I'm gonna give to you my book, breaking Free From Broke. And there's a specific chapter in there that I think is really gonna help. It's called Margin is Breathing Room. In there, I lay out every one of my best ideas for you to find some margin in that budget to get you to 3000 bucks a month or more.


And you're already making 96. You've got some skills, And I. Think if you put those to work while cutting expenses, you'll get this amazing thing called margin. And you will be in control of Salina's life. And you live right down the street from these politicians, Selena, you've seen what they're saying. But the truth is, they don't care about Selena. Only Selena's gonna care about Selena. And so you've gotta do what's right for you and your family. And I want you to have a different life than the generations that came before you. And that means we're not gonna carry debt into our forties and fifties and sixties and hope on the government to fix our life. We're just gonna fix it. Let's also hook her up with a year of EveryDollar. Ooh, I like that. Credit budget app, a budgeting app in the world. And Selena, it's gonna teach you how to budget and it's gonna help keep you accountable to it.


Hang on the line and we'll get you hooked up. It'll show you all the nooks and crannies you can be saving when you go Oh. my gosh, I never actually looked at all that at one place. Yes. All my income, all my expenses, I can do better. I can find $3,600 a month. Right? And suddenly it, it, it just is every or it shines a light on just how bad things are. And you gotta get your butt and another. And now we take the next Step. I like it. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back before you know it.


Before we get to the next caller. I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play. Or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app


From Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell joined by the one and only Dr. John Delony. And we are here for you to help you take the right next step for your life, your money, your relationships, your mental health, and pretty much anything else. The number to call is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Darlene kicks us off in Chicago. How can we help Darlene? I'm wondering if I can role play with you guys so that I can tell my children to get their act together. Yes. Who gets to be the children? Well, my children are three girls, three boys ages 23 to 40.


Wow. Yeah. My husband And I today, we've sacrificed 44 years and we've put our time and energy into fostering, adopting. And we have a 37-year-old son and mom's about burnout. Mom's tired of doing the budget thing and saying, yeah, I can loan you money on this app. That app and then the goals that I have for next year for retiring to our little escape is not gonna happen because I'm trying to pay down bills and have everything free and clear. So I can live on our budget, but we're paying.


So You're still giving grown kids allowances essentially and you're sick of them? Pretty much. Okay. Darlene, their cell phones, Their insurance. I super wanna role play this 'cause I think that'll be fun and instructive. But I have to ask you this question. Yes. Let's not talk about them for a second. Okay. I wanna talk about you. Yes. Every time you give them money, every time you pay their cell phone bill, you, my new friend Darlene gets something. What are you getting? I'm getting anxiety. Nope, that's not true. That's not true. You're getting, that's what your body is doing because of the choices you keep making.


You're getting something positive for this. Or you wouldn't keep digging a hole deeper and deeper that, that you keep falling into. What are you getting from this? 'cause that's the root here. Your kids are not the problem here. All they're doing is what has always worked for them. Right? You're doing what has always worked for you in a weird sideways way. so what are you getting from this? I Guess the satisfaction of trying to push them into adulthood. Nope. And being Nope. Nope. 'cause you're not pushing them. You're just putting money in into their, into their slot machine. What are you getting from this?


My guess is you're getting the feeling of being needed. You're getting the feeling of that little tiny neurochemical hit that is I just help them out. That all of us parents love when, when we get to help out our kids that you're continually, like, as much as you hate it, you also love that your kids have to keep coming back to you. 'cause you don't ever, the thought of them ever going away and being independent completely and quote unquote not needing their mom. I, I can't, I can't go there. I hate paying their cell phone bill. But the idea of them waking up and not needing me is, is really heavy. Is that, could that be true?


That's pretty realistic. Okay. But at the same time, I feel like I've given them resources. Okay. And education over the years. And, I feel like I need to just lie to them and say, no, I don't have any more money to Loan. No, you don't need to lie to 'em. 'cause then you become a person that you don't respect. Can I ask one more thing? Yes. How much guilt do you have that they're 36 and they're still asking mom for money A Lot. Okay. And so a way to punt that guilt a little bit further down the field is just to give 'em another $130 for their cell phone and the next month punt it a little bit further. And so it's time for you to stare you down in the mirror, Darlene. 'cause you're the, you're the epicenter here. Your kids are just doing what works.


And we can blame them all day long, but they just, mom pays our cell phone bill. Let's, let's role play the part where you stop giving them money. Yeah. What are they gonna do? Throw a fit You Yeah. Use their Own. That's not gonna feel good part. Use their own budget. No, but they're gonna be angry at you. Right. It's gonna hurt the relationship. Well, you know, the last time I said Nope, I don't have money in there. I'm overdrawn. I don't have money to loan to you so that you can Go. Yeah, but that's not true. Darlene. The Integris way, the stand tall way to do this is to send an email to all of your kids and to say, effective September one or or October one mom is no longer paying cell phone bills, insurance, et cetera.


Yes. I'm un I'm deleting all of these apps from my phone. You'll have 30 days or 45 days to get your own insurance, to get your own cell phone bill. And then you have to be prepared for the wa It's not fair. It's your fault, blah, blah. And just know it's coming. Okay, cool. But that's the only way to do it. And by the way, it's, I, I don't know cruel is the right word. It would be not cool if you just said, Hey tomorrow I'm not doing, like that's kinda leaving people out to out, out into the wind because you've brought 'em along and suddenly you just are like, I'm taking your coats and I'm going inside even though it's freezing outside. So, but giving them a date and saying, effective this date, I'm deleting all these apps from my phone. Y'all are adults.


Y'all are on your own. Not that I don't have any money. 'cause that's not true. The truth is I love y'all enough to let you go. I love you all enough to let you go. That's it. We Not a bank no more cash app, no more Apple Pay. No more Zelle. You have to delete those from your phone, especially temporarily because you don't have the self-control to listen to your kids cry and whine and not go in and rescue them. And that doesn't make you a bad person. That just me means you are. You have now you're enabling instead of helping. Do any of them live at home with you? No. Thank God. Okay. We had a house fire in 22 and we helped the youngest to Flee the, to get her own house Paid off.


And she's still burying herself because she won't pull herself up by her And. I think the hardest part for you is to go. That's her choice. She's making And I can't continue to rescue her. And Darlene, you've been clipping her bootstraps every time she reaches down to pull 'em up. Pretty much. Yeah. And So I think the actual challenge over the next six months is not the whining adult children. It's gonna be you feeling like my kids don't need me anymore, which means I don't believe I have any Val, I don't have any value anymore. Which is not true. It's a lie that you're gonna have to deal with those feelings and then you're gonna have to look at that knuckleheaded husband of yours and say, Hey, you wanna build an amazing new marriage?


How do we do that? That's the new adventure. And it might expose the fact that this relationship was largely transactional and we have to create a different relationship that's not based on what mom gives to the kids. That's hard to connect in a different way. Well, I feel like I just need to tell 'em we're entering our new season and you guys are on your own. Yes, we're done. And I'm deleting all of the apps. I will not pay for the following effective this date. Be very clear. Clear as kind. We say that around here all the time. Clear as kind. Yes. Now, now let's role play.


Hey mom, it's October 1st and our insurance is gonna be due. You wanna go ahead and just cash app me that money? Nope. Sorry. I already told the insurance company that. Here's your information. Call you. And I've deleted the apps. I don't even have a way to do it. No more apps. They're gone. And, I. Love you enough to let you figure this one out For real. Hey Darlene, you're making a huge change and it's very, very hard and we're proud of you. But now you gotta go do it.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey good folks. The Back to School Madness is upon us. It's hitting us right now. We got travel and work and all these forms to fill out now and sports, to travel to and on and on. My family's schedule is so packed and we haven't even begun talking about things like exercise and date nights and counseling and church and home projects. And those are the things that make our life even worth living. Here's what I've learned when it comes to taking care of me. I have to put on my oxygen mask first, and that means that I have to do the things that keep me well and whole. And I. Know that you have to do those same things too, so don't skip the things that matter to you, including regular exercise, hanging out with your friends and regular therapy appointments. And when it comes to therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, it's flexible, and it's suited to fit your schedule and therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, how to set and practice boundaries, how to become the best version of yourself, and most importantly, how to find peace in all of this chaos in this upcoming season. Make sure you put on your oxygen mask first. Never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp EL p.com/dione.


Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruisers selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate. With all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony. Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. Let's go out to Hannah in Atlanta, Georgia. What's going on Hannah? Thank you so much for answering my call. Sure. So the question that I have today is my husband, And I have been married for about 12 and a half years. We have one 8-year-old child. And back in 2018, I became disabled and I'm not able to work very much. My income is roughly a thousand dollars a month for both myself, And I, receive a little for my child. It's a lot on my husband.


He is a diesel mechanic. He was in the military for four years and got out. It was not much money at all. We, he got out, we quit traveling with the military and came back home to Georgia and he went to college to be a diesel mechanic. I was in college to be a surgical technician, and of course was unable to fulfill those dreams. I have been back to college trying to finish, but it's proven to be very difficult. I, I've been going back to college on and off for the last eight years, but just dealing with, you know, the stress of being disabled is, is tough.


So we have no savings. We live in a single wide trailer. I drive a vehicle that I bought about five years ago for $5,000. I do not have a car payment. We don't live beyond our means. We try to fi financially speaking, we try to live, you know, smart, for lack of better words. Yeah. But we have no savings. We've been married for 12 years and lately our trailer needs a lot of attention. Probably close to about maybe 30 or $40,000 worth of work to it, which we can't afford. We'd have to take out a loan in order to, you know, but it is just, and you know, we go back and forth about, well, do we take out more loan?


Do we take out another loan to try to fix things up or, or could we possibly buy a house within the next five or 10 years? It doesn't look possible, but, you know, we just, I feel like financially we're not in a very good position. He doesn't wanna go back to college because of course that puts the stress of, I don't think it, I mean, it's, it could be possible for us to live on $12,000 a year. It would be really hard. You know what I mean? So what's he making right now? He doesn't Roughly 50 a year. Okay. And do you guys have any debt? Just what we owe, what we're left owing on the trailer. And he owns a vehicle that we have a payment on. He pays about $650 a month for his vehicle.


Whoa. Good God. That's a huge chunk of money right there. What's left on that loan for the vehicle? Roughly? Th about 30 to 35 maybe. He, it's a 2019 F-150. Does he need that for work? Can he get a 2010 F-150 that does the same thing? It's possible that he can do away with the truck, but his argument is, you know, it's, it would save us $7,800 a year. And, I get, that's a lot of money, but, but $7,800. Yeah. That's kind of like, you know, his argument is, I work, I earn the money for the household. I would like to have a nice vehicle to drive because we don't have much, I mean, honestly, we Yeah, but you're also making no progress.


If I was able to just give you a $10,000 raise, it would change your life. Right. That's 10,000 bucks in savings you could have by the end of the year by getting rid of this truck. Right. So we've gotta make some changes if you guys want a different life. Otherwise, we're gonna stay in the cycle. And, and what I'm gonna say is, is gonna sound not compassionate. And I don't mean that in any way. When we did the millionaire study here at Ramsey Solutions, we found the number three on the millionaire list was teachers. Teachers. That's 50 to 60,000 bucks a year. And at the time it was less than that, but inflation was less. Okay. Right.


And there's some discussion about, well, teachers are really good at planning because that's what they do for a living. And so they're good at planning their expenses. I have a different theory 'cause my wife was a teacher and my wife bought a Corolla. And you know why? Because she knew I was only gonna make $50,000 a year forever. And she made peace with a certain kinda life. And what your husband wants is both, and he wants to be a diesel mechanic, which is an incredible, noble necessary job. But for whatever reason, he's a diesel mechanic that makes 50,000, 50,000 bucks a year.


That's the job. He is accepted and the path he's accepted with that mathematical reality. You don't also get to say, while my family is living in a depreciating asset home, a trailer that is falling apart around you, I deserve this truck. I get to have this. 'cause we made some choices about math with our job. We paid, made some choices about our career path. All good. But you don't then get to say, math doesn't count. My family's future doesn't count because I get what I want. Do you see what I'm saying? Right. That does make sense.


So if he chose to be a diesel mechanic and he chose to work his way up and become a manager of other diesel mechanics and to one day own his own diesel mechanic shop, great. With that will come a bunch more stress. And with that should come a bunch more money. And with that new money, go buy yourself a new F-150. You can't afford that. Now. And all of these things are a series of choices. Your situation, your health was, was probably not a choice. What happened to you where you can't work? Multiple sclerosis. I was in a wheelchair back in 2018. Are you out of a wheelchair now? And I walk. I'm out of a wheelchair Now.


Congratulations sister. You've been working hard, haven't you? Well, life is very hard. It it's Hard. And And I am a substitute teacher in my hometown. Okay? And it is $100 a day, but there's 170 school days. So I mean if, which I mean, I do, I cannot physically work. Sure. All 170. I'm actually only able to work about roughly five on a good month, days out of the month. Okay? That's not a lot of money. So, I mean, and I'm super like, don't get me wrong, I'm so thankful for our house. It's not like, oh, I, I, I don't hear, I don't hear one ounce of, of a lack of gratitude. I hear somebody who's very, very tired.


Yes. Most husbands. And that's exactly What it's, I'll say most husbands, that's not fair. I don't wanna over gender it. Most people need to hear that from you. Hey honey, I can't sleep at night. We have to do something different because I'm just looking and we keep doing the same thing over and we keep getting re frustrated at the same thing. Is resulting in the same thing, Right? So, okay, the truck, if he bought a cheap little dinger car, 2000, $3,000, we do not have a payment that takes care of, I mean, we could have 8,000 extra dollars a year and, but ideally, what's the goal?


Like, you know, we, I I want, I would like to have a savings and we've been married for 12 years and at this point I'm like, what are we doing with our lives? so what type of advice could, I mean, Well, if he sells the truck, that's one part. If he can increase his income, whether that's with his core full-time work or extra work, that's more income. If you can increase your income a little bit by doing something different, that's more income. And I would stop sinking money into this trailer. And I would go rent somewhere while you continue to save up the emergency fund and then save up to get a house one day. Okay? And guess what? Five, 10 years of savings, you'll be able to have that house. Or we could be right where we are fixing up an old trailer that's going down in value while we drive our nice truck that's going down in value while we make no progress.


That's the current status. And I think you're, you're worth more than that. And I. I think all of this happens with a conversation where you have a neighbor that will come wash your kid for a few hours in the morning and you and your husband go have breakfast somewhere. And y'all say, okay, we've been together for 12 years. You've served our country, you've gone to school. I'm seeing you provide, I'm working hard. I'm out of a wheelchair, I'm working when I can. We've gone nowhere for a decade. And in 10 years from now, I want things to look different. What must be true today? So that 10 years from now, things look different. That makes a lot of sense. And then we're just gonna build a map. And that's gonna include you having hard conversations. Like, we can't afford this truck.


And I know you want it, And I want you to have it, but we have a math problem right now, Okay? Okay. And this is a rebuild. We're gonna rebuild our marriage the same way as we're gonna rebuild our finances. And none of this is easy. You're gonna choose your hard path, the hard path of continuing to do the same thing over and over and over again and end up 10 years from now, just further behind, just with more repairs on a trailer. Or we're gonna do the hard thing in 10 years from now. Like George said, we're moving into a new house that we put 40% down on and it's gonna look very, very different. Thanks For the calling. You get to choose. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, it's Rachel Cruz And. I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here with all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


We are back on The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. And if you're watching on YouTube or The Ramsey Network app, you'll notice there's another handsome guy next to us. He is. And that is Tom biu, who's, he's become a friend of the show. You probably have seen his face on YouTube, you probably listened to the podcast. Impact Theory is the media company that he co-founded. And before that, he co-founded a, a little company, a little startup called Quest Nutrition from nothing to a billion dollar business in five years and exited from that. And so he's just this amazing serial entrepreneur and we aligned with a lot of things. Tom, it's an honor to have you. It's an honor to Be here. You guys have been a lot of fun. I have really enjoyed my time With you.


It's always surprised when we're fun, John. People don't expect that. No, they Think I'm fun. They, they, they, the jury's out on you. And so it's good, it's good to hear that we're both fun. We, we've got to hang out and, you know, do interviews and stuff for our other shows these last few days. And it's amazing to me that the, the alignment we have with transformation and purpose and delayed gratification, you know, Dave people say he's an overnight success after 30 years of being in business, scratching and clawing. And we talked about this idea of entrepreneurship, which is something you're no stranger to. And who, who is this for? And I want you to tell people who you think entrepreneurship is for. 'cause there's a fallacy out there with young people going, I'm gonna go work four hours a week and I'm gonna crush it not work a nine to five.


Yeah. So the ingredients of an entrepreneur are gonna be a high tolerance for risk and a just desperate desire to be punched in the face. And that's business. If you have those, boy do I have something for you. So, yeah, I mean, that's the hard reality is building something big is extremely difficult. Now it's incredibly gratifying and it puts you in control of your own life. And it is, it it, if you are a competitor and you always wanted to play sports, but maybe you weren't gifted at that, but you really want to compete at something that matters to you that you love, you have passion for that's business, and you don't wear out. And in fact, in many ways, the older you get the better you get.


And there are limitations. You do fatigue a little bit earlier as you get older, but it's pretty extraordinary. Business is the game of athletics that you never have to retire from. Ooh. So that's fascinating because we have young people exiting the workforce in record numbers because quote unquote, they don't wanna work for anybody and they wanna set their own hours. Yeah. Yeah. That's sideways, right? It It ha they are so misunderstanding what is about to happen. So there you go. Nobody works more than the CEO EO now you do get the autonomy. So if they're like me and they are pathologically incapable of working for somebody else, which is not a good thing that That's Dave Ramsey, you just described him.


If you really just can't do it, then it is liberating. But like, there have been periods in my life where I'm working 120 hours a week for eight months straight. It, it's grueling it. This last round, my wife had to come up and say, you're now damaging our marriage, which is like a, a, an alarm bell. It's a red point that she can ring at any time. And she said, yeah, this is getting too much. And so you're not gonna work less. You are for sure gonna work more because what they think they're up against is their boss and they're forgetting that their boss is up against the marketplace. And so now when you go out into the real world, you're up against the marketplace, man. And, and the right way to think about the marketplace is the cold, dead eyes of a shark.


They do not care about you. They just want a solution to their problem. And if you can deliver it, then they feel like your bestie, right? Because you've solved a problem for them. The second you don't, they're out. They do not care. So it's, it's brutal. So, I guess, leaving your nine to five because of the stress and anxiety and trading that for entrepreneurship. Yeah, it may, you may not relieve that Part, you may not. But look, there are companies that you can find that you may align with more and work better. I'm not saying stay in a job that you don't want 'cause it's worse out there. No, no, no. This, if control is your game, go start your own thing. But there, there's gonna be a high price to pay for that. If you hate your current job, make sure that your skills are such that you can go find another one. But go find it. I mean, you can and should love Mondays as much as you love a Friday or Saturday, and that's real.


But most people don't get good enough to put themselves in that position. Yeah. Well, John, one of your hallmark philosophies is that winning won't make you well. Yeah. And you've experienced this, Tom, you were worth millions on paper and yet you were miserable. That is what, what happened there. And what have, what have you learned since then? Or In addition to that question, will you paint us a picture? I just imagine you sell Quest for a billion dollars. And, I. I'm making up a number here just for fun. But they move 500 million bucks into escrow for you and you wake up the next day, Still Tell, well, the crazy thing is it actually happened in real time. So you're on a call with all these lawyers, there's literally like nine or 10 lawyers and I was in the gym in my garage at that point.


So living a sort of nice middle class to upper middle class life at that point. And we're in our just ugly, you have to imagine something ugly with a lot of spiderwebs. Okay? So that's where we're at. And I'm on the phone with the lawyers and they countdown lawyer one ready to transfer, two ready to transfer. And they go around the room, they all say, they launch, say The rocket Ship, literally. And so then they press the button and you just sit there on your banking app and you hit refresh, refresh, refresh. And then all of a sudden, boom, it's crazy. Wow. Now the best part is you throw your fist in the air, you're like, oh my God, we really made it. I'm out of this. No more spiderwebs for me. Yeah. And, and you're like, oh, but wait a second. I have all the same insecurities that I had 45 seconds ago.


You go With You. Yeah. So it, the thing I want people to understand is money's more powerful than you think. Don't listen to anybody that says money doesn't matter. Money matters a lot, but it will not make you respect yourself. And so once you understand psychologically, all you actually care about is, do I respect myself? You can lose if you respect yourself, but if you win and don't respect yourself, you will still be in emotional turmoil. And so, thankfully I had already learned that lesson from the period you're talking about, where I was worth a couple million bucks on paper. And I was completely miserable. So I was like, huh? Telling the world that I'm a multimillionaire has solved exactly zero problems for me. So now what is this really about?


And at the time I would've said, it's about feeling alive. Now what I would tell you is that if you wanna feel good, like really good, the money's great. It'll be a cool thing. But it's about becoming the kind of person that is capable of winning a championship. Hmm. So if you understand, it's better to be playing in the championship game and lose and never get the ring than to sit on the bench of a team that wins the ring. I would rather have been on the field, played my guts out and, and just not won. It just didn't work out for me. But I was there, man. And, I pushed myself. And I played like that I can handle, but winning and knowing I didn't contribute.


Yikes. That's tough. Yeah. Rough. That's tough, tough, tough, Tough. Yeah. You you say struggle, well struggle toward a thing that is worth struggling for. Yeah. 'cause you, you, no one can guarantee success, but you can guarantee the struggle. I promise. If you try something sufficiently difficult, you will struggle. For sure. And so now just, were you struggling towards something that you enjoyed even while you were losing? And that's the right way to pursue something. So you've developed a reputation is what I would say one of the most hyper intentional people I've ever been around. Like very like thoughtful. Like I wanna solve for this. I'm gonna reverse engineer it and solve for this And, I wanna, I want a better marriage.


I'm going to reverse engineer this. And, I wanna make this much money. So I'm gonna reverse engineer oh my health to be this way. Broken down intentionality is a series of habits. How do you teach people those? Like what, what do you tell people about those habits that you're gonna do on a regular basis to get to the thing that you want to get to? Whatever that thing happens to be. Honestly, I repeat this a lot when people ask, but I never go outta my way to tell people. But if somebody's asking a specific question about what I do, I will tell them what I do. I will tell them why I do it. But the short answer is everything I do, I do for cognitive optimization. Hmm. So whether you're trying to be a better husband, if you're, if you have brain fog, if you're tired all the time, if you're grumpy, you're never gonna be able to help.


And so this is why I say I want people to understand they are having a biological experience. So get sleep, get sunlight in your eyes. Make sure that your diet is on point. Like if you said, Tom, you need to improve somebody's life, but you can only touch one metric. The metric that I would go for is blood sugar. Huh? And so if you let me control your blood sugar one, I'm gonna, it's gonna positively impact your sleep, which people don't see coming. It's gonna have a massive impact on your joints. And it, it from a metabolic standpoint is probably the leading indicator of brain fog, fatigue, being hangry, all that stuff. And so you would not expect somebody to say one of, there are many more.


But one of the keys to my success as an entrepreneur is my ability to get control of my body. I used to be 60 pounds heavier, six zero. Wow. And it took me two years to lose that weight. I've kept it off for almost a decade. It's just really simple rules that if you follow, you're gonna be fine. That's amazing. Tom Biu, go check 'em out. That's B-I-L-Y-E-U. And be sure to go to impact theory.com. Check out Impact Theory University and of course his amazing show where he talks to the best minds in the world with fascinating conversations. Tom, thanks for joining us today. Thanks For having me.


I know you work hard for your money and the key to keeping more of it in your pocket is by making a plan for your spending with a budget. And EveryDollar is the budgeting app that I use personally because it's perfect for looking EveryDollar you make in its little president face and telling it exactly where you want it to go. Just like you told that guy in traffic exactly where you wanted him to go. And even better EveryDollar walks you through the entire budgeting journey so you always know your next right step. Download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony.


Well, John, the live like no one else, cruise is almost sold out. More than 80% of the cabins are already booked. So if you wanna join us in March of 2025, secure your cabin today. How's, How's the, I heard you had a a Gmail list going for your cannonball competition that you wanted to, we're Working on it. Yeah. I like This Gmail list. Is that a dig? I I, I, I It's a Google Doc Form. I was trying to think of a technology thing. John's never even used that. I was gonna say a yellow pad. But you don't have that. No, I Don't think my body could even create a splash. Vic Canon bald. Yeah, you'd be a like negative Sound like those small divers. Exactly. Yeah. Group Loop. Yep. It's Amazing. Well, if you don't know what the Ramsey Cruise is to live like no one else cruise. It's the ultimate debt-free celebration. So if you've paid off debt, you've sacrificed, you've paid to win, you've paid the price to win, you're in baby step four or above. This is your time to join us. To celebrate, we're going to Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas, the whole Ramsey crew, special guest musicians, magicians, songwriters, celebrity chefs, and even Dr. John Delony. We got him, we booked him. So it's March 22nd through the 29th of 2025, a seven day cruise. And it's gonna be a blast. You can secure a spot with a $600 deposit before all the cabins are gone. Book it today. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise to get all the info.


All right, let's go to the phones. Hailey joins us in Phoenix. Up next, what's going on Hailey? Hi. Thanks for taking my call. How can we help? So I'm 19 and I'm a sophomore in college and my FAFSA was delayed. And I. Don't know when I'm going to get it. so what I budgeted over the summer and thought what I'd be paying for school this semester has more than doubled And I don't know what to do. I feel like I've thought of every option I can, but I still feel lost in what I should do. Hmm. Why'd your FAFSA get delayed? Because my school counselor basically emailed me and told me that my mom didn't file her 2022 taxes.


And so that delayed it because I'm still under my mom's insurance. So I have to file with her. So we had to Well It's not because of the insurance, that means she's still claiming you as a tax deduction. Oh. Have you talked to mom about this? Yeah. Have you talked to mom? Yeah, I've talked to her. I basically had to talk her into doing her taxes. She's not that great with money so we had to mail them out since we couldn't submit them digitally. And I basically can't get my aid until I get the 2022 tax transcript. Are you already moved in? Yeah, I'm, I got this email the day I moved in.


Hmm. Okay. What's the shortfall? How much do you owe So? I have four payments a month and it's 3,500. I paid the August payment And I paid till November. So I've already got the first one out of the way. So that buys you another few months or what? I'm Sorry? How? How much time does that buy you before the next payment? So I pay every 15th of the month. So I have till September 15th to come up with another 3,500. And what did mom say? Does she have any money to help you out with this or do you have any savings?


Yes, So I. I had an emergency fund. So I dug into that for this, I saved over 6,000, almost 7,000 over the summer. So I have money left over. So when, by the time September 15th comes, I'll have $3,000 but I'll be short 400 something and, but I don't get that. I don't get paid till the 18th. So I don't know. I'll have enough by the 18th to pay the rest. But I don't know what the punishment is for paying a few days late. So here, here's what you gotta do. You gotta go sit down with your financial aid counselor and every university has one and you just have to lay out a map.


'cause here's what I don't want you to do. I don't want you to take all $7,000 that you earned this summer only to be told mid-October. You have to move out. Okay? And what you'll have done is burned all of the cash you have, you'll have burned your, you'll be worse off for having gone to college. You'll have an unfinished transcript and will either fail you on everything or they'll let you finish a semester and you won't have access to your transcripts until you come up with the rest of the money. Okay? But I would sit down with a financial aid counselor and say, here's the map, here's my plan on how I can pay this. But I'm gonna be three days late here.


I'm gonna be four days late here. There is a Hail Mary pass here this time at the end, I mean at the beginning of every school year there's, there's sometimes an overspend and sometimes an underspend of scholarship dollars. Colleges will, they will budget just like we all budget. They budget for how much scholarship dollars they're gonna spend depending on how many A CT scores of a 29 they think they're gonna get and how many athletes are gonna get et cetera. Sometimes they come through and a whole bunch of students kinda like an airplane. They oversell the airplane and a whole bunch of students show up with 30 acts and they overspend their scholarship budget also.


They often underspend it. And so there may be, this is a Hail Mary pass, there may be a pocket of unspent scholarship dollars still there that they can move to your account and get you through this semester. Here's the ugly truth. There's not a long-term fix to this. You're gonna have to decide in realistic fashion, can I afford to go to school here? And George And I are both gonna tell you, please don't take out loans. Please don't even mess with the fafsa. If you can't afford it, you can't afford it. You can't afford it. That means we have to go look at other alternatives working all the way through school, going to a community college here in Arizona that they're gonna pay for any number of other options that you can afford.


But right now you're driving a Lexus that you can't afford it. It doesn't matter that everyone around you is taking out money. George And I are just telling you we've had to pay off student loans after we graduate and it's a nightmare. It's tough. Yeah. But I would go sit with a college official, ASAP and get their plan in writing and find out what happens if we get to October And, I don't have the other $3,000 to finish the semester, what are you gonna actually do? And are you gonna kick me outta school? Make me move out? Like what's the deal? But I don't want you waiting on mom's FAFSA to come in so that you can borrow your way into staying. That's just punting this inevitable trap downstream.


And you're the graduates who have gone before you owe in the, was it $1.8 trillion at this point? And, I just, I just can't in good faith tell you to join that crew. What are you studying, Hailey? Yeah. Forensic science. Are there other programs, universities, even online options you could do that would be cheaper in case you can't afford this. Okay. So I have looked into this. I work for the state of Arizona. So they had this program that I was looking into where they reimburse you and basically help you pay for your school. Excellent. But they only offer it for online students. And unfortunately since I'm a science major, And I have lab courses.


I can't be an online student, but I also thought about commuting to school 'cause I live an hour away from where I go to school. How many days a week? But I live on campus. I have classes five days a week. Okay. Because I did this when I lived at home, And I made sure my schedule was, I packed everything in on three days to limit my commute. Yeah, Once you're not a sophomore anymore, you have a lot of more, you have a little bit more flexibility schedule wise sometimes, sometimes not. But hey, take that scholarship in, take that reimbursement in and sit with your financial aid counselor and say, I need to us to figure this out. And often universities will do what they can 'cause they wanna receive money from any outside source possible and they may figure out a way to help you do this.


And it could be a classification code. Another thing you may wanna try to do is see if you can, you got a job with the state of Arizona, is there a way you can get a job at the university? 'cause that often comes with a tuition discount or a full reimbursement there too. But continue to just beat the drum and beat the drum with this one idea. I'm not gonna borrow any money That's gonna take getting creative. Haley, we're wishing you the best.


Alright, for all of you listening to this show on YouTube or podcast, it is about to end. But good news, more calls are coming up in The Ramsey Network mobile app. And that's where you can finish full episodes of The, Ramsey Show. And if you're listening on radio stay right where you are. The show will continue as scheduled. Two ways to get the free app. You can click the link in the show notes or just search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. You don't wanna miss what's coming up next. I can see some hot calls on the board, John. It's gonna be a fun hour. Next Hot Calls. That's what we say. So go finish the show in The Ramsey Network app for free and we will see you there. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app, right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play Store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bottom Bing. Bottom B. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.