
Welcome to The Ramsey Show, where we help you win in your life. We're gonna help you win with your money, win at work in your work, and win with your relationships. All three of those are coming together and hopefully you're winning. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is the voice and the fabulous face that you see next to me. And we are here together. We're gonna help you out. Take your phone calls. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Partner, you ready to go? You warmed up. Did you do your I'm warmed up. Salt cleanse on the throat or any kinda lost stretch The hammies Okay. Warmed up the voice.


Okay. I like you Stretch your hammies for sitting here for three hours. That's pretty good. We're gonna start it off in Springfield, Missouri with Isaac today. Isaac, how can we help? Hey guys. So I'm 26. I'm married with two kids and I own a business that we just opened back in June. It's really taking a lot of time from us. My wife and I are both working at it full time and we're not making much money yet. And so we're, we're just kinda stressed about bills and stuff. We're kind of wondering how we can organize our lives better to, to be able to make more money and, and move forward. Okay. What kind of business is it?


So it's a, it's a franchise that a friend of mine and I bought into and it's a cookie store. Oh. And it sounds like we got a myriad of issues. So I heard we gotta organize, but then we've gotta figure out if this franchise can actually work. So which is the bigger problem spending or budgeting the money, the little bit money you're making. Are you making any money at all? What's the bigger problem here? 'cause I heard several things, So I, I guess to get more specific, So we have that business. I'm also a realtor on the side and so any extra time I have, I'm, I'm spending on that trying to sell houses and stuff. I knew at that too just a few months ago. So I'm just barely starting to make money.


The business itself, the cookie sho the cookie shop isn't making really anything. We're just barely breaking even. And then we're just doing all kinds of little side hustles where we can DoorDash and Uber Eats and delivering for Walmart and stuff like that. So. All right. So guess, let me ask this. Who is, we can't Figure it Out. Yeah, I got an idea now what we're talking about. So is it you, your buddy that you mentioned, they are the, you, the two partners and your wife is also helping out just to, because you can't afford to pay anybody. Give us just a little bit more clarity on that. Yeah, So we, we did stuff the stupid way 'cause we hadn't found Dave RAMSEY yet. And so a friend of mine, he, he's just a silent capital partner.


He put in money up front and helped us get into it. We have a big loan on it. How much? It's a quarter million. Ooh Mama. And you owe 1 25 of that Y Yeah. So I owe Yeah. 70% of it. Yeah. Oh no. Well that ain't 1 25 last time I did that. Oh, that would be okay. So you owe 70% of it And the rest you owe to your P I'm the 70% partner. Oof. And you guys aren't making anything. You're barely making it, keeping the business going. It's just barely making Anything. Do you know why? Do you know the problem basically? Yeah. Have you figured out what the problem is? Well, kind of, we, we think we do. So we, our sales were really, really good when we opened in the summer and we would've made money, but we didn't have our expenses under control.


Once we got our expenses under control, we cut payroll costs really down. We got control of our inventory costs, stuff like that. We're doing a lot better on the expenses side, but our sales went down and we hit the winter. Part of that is because our marketing budget was kind of gone, So we weren't making as much 'cause we just, our marketing was suffering. Did you expect that? And also did you expect that, that it would get slower during the winter considering, you know, it's the winter and folks aren't just out. Yeah. And in Missouri the winters are pretty brutal and cold, so yeah. Okay. So you, you expected this but it was too early to have had any reserves kind of piled up is what you're saying, Right?


Yeah. So we're, yeah, we're just barely making it. But yeah, my capital partner key's out in a different state. My wife and I are here and we're, we're operating the business. And when, how many hours are you working the two of you on this cooking shop? So We've been able to bring our sales up just a little bit. So we've been able to hire one more part-time person, but my wife and I are both, or each putting in about 25 to 30 hours a week. Alright. So what I'm trying to figure out, Jade, is they gotta make money. You gotta go out and get business. You're a cookie maker. I'm trying, if I'm you, and this is just me, I'm brainstorming ways they can make money. If I'm you, I'm trying to host every party, every wedding, every, I wanna cater every event with dessert.


I'm going to companies and saying, what can I do? Because you've gotta make money. Otherwise this is not gonna do well for you. And I wanna know if my competitors are making money because if they're making money and I'm not, then I do know that I'm doing something, not only doing something wrong, but I'm not taking advantage of every opportunity that's out there for my business. Yeah. Well and I guess there's kind of another part and that, that's just, I'm really worried 'cause I totally get what you're saying and that's where my head is too, is like I I need to, we need to get our sales up, we need to get our sales up. That's all we talk about with the business. And so I'm trying to reach out and get catering orders and stuff, but then we're worried because the more time we dedicate to that and it's not a sure thing that money will, you know, the sales will go up.


That takes away time where we're doing like door dashing and stuff and we're trying to pay the bills on the personal side. And so that's kind of where we're stressed. Yeah, that's where I'm coming in, coming in. I don't know, I'm, I'm gonna tell you something. If I'm, I'm gonna do what we always do here and I'm gonna answer this the Way go kin style. So I don't know what you're gonna say and I'm, I am anxious to see what my partner says here on this, but if I were you, I, I gotta take care of my family first. I'm not worried about the cookie business. I'm really not because I, I hear it in his voice and I think there's a greater reality here and I'm going to try to keep the cookie thing afloat with other part-time people. This is already a slow season.


You and your wife have gotta be spending time actually making real money, taking care of the family. And I'm not sure that there's a future on this cookie deal. And I, I'm the kind of guy that go, I don't want to prolong misery. Yeah, I want to cut bait at some point. I'm not saying it's now, I'm not willing to say that 'cause I don't know enough. We have limited time Jade, but I do think the most important thing is, is that one of them has got a full-time, decent paying job that will at least take care of the family. So again, this is ideal. What would I do? I'd go either, either Ken or Stacy Yep. Has got a full-time job. Yes. That takes care of our expenses so that our family doesn't go below water and then we fight to keep the cookie thing alive.


I agree. Until we can apply some lessons and hopefully get more foot traffic. What do you think? I 100% agree one of you needs to be working full-time and, and, and find a full-time job instead of doing all these odds and ends. I think that's also part of the equation here is you guys are burning the candle at both ends in many different ways. Yeah. I I'm curious to know, I know you told us the, the actual debt. I'm curious to know what you're burning every single month. Like what are you losing? What are you losing every month? So we, because you said you're not making money, So we were losing money. We've gotten to a point where we're either just breaking even or making about a thousand dollars or Less. And when you say break even, does that include you guys paying yourself or that's just you keeping things on and keeping things going?


Okay. Yeah. And then my next question before the next question I'd have before making this decision is have you ever run a successful business before or is this your first go around being an entrepreneur? So, So as a brick and mortar business, this is my first attempt to all. I've done other like side hustles and stuff like helped with marketing for other businesses, helped with, yeah. Bookkeeping for other businesses. But Yeah, I think this is gonna be different for you. And I think for me there's gonna be a moment like Ken said, where you're gonna have to cut ties with this because if you're not making money, you're losing money. Yeah, I'd give it a run. But one of you's gotta go make a really good living and not all this door dashing and scrapping. Let's get, let's get some comfort.


See if we can give this thing a run or is it worth it at this point? Just go, all right, I'm gonna take my 70% that I owe, I'm gonna pay it back. I'm gonna learn something. This is The Ramsey Show.


People tell me about their experiences With big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death and predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle. They created just four RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure So you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid big bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show where we coach you to win with your money, win in your work and win in your relationships alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade, are you fired up? You ready to go? You got your talk ready for January 23rd. I'm talking about the take control of your money live stream. Let's get ready to Rumble. I saw your space out on the gigantic jumbotron as I was walking to lunch yesterday. I was like, hello Jay. It was too much But gonna be a lot of fun. Dave RAMSEY And you That's Right. Are gonna be teaching people how to stop living paycheck to paycheck so they can pay off debt and finally get ahead. Also, I'm told Rachel Cruz and George Campbell will be joining for q and a.


Little cameo. Well factoids yes they'll Be there. So when you sign up, here's an extra little potential bonus you'll be entered in our cash giveaway. Five people are gonna win $4,000. Wow. Each at the take control of your money livestream. That's this January 23rd. You can sign up. It's free by the way. Yes, you can sign up for the livestream at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. Can I put you on the spot for a, a little a preview? What can you tell us? What will you tell us? I will tell you that your money is the most expensive thing that you have and yet most of us treat it without care.


We don't know where it went, we just kind of guess about it. And here's the thing, Ken, if I bought you Oh, I'm very excited. What would you Buy me? What's your, what's your favorite like luxury brand? Well, Gucci category. Yeah, can you gimme a Like fashion? Gimme fashion. Oh, Ralph. Ralph Lauren. Alright. If I bought you a brand new Ralph Lauren trench coat, like a really nice one. Oh wow. You would treat it with care? Absolutely. It'd be on a hanger. It'd Be in a, I would get it dry, clean regularly if you wanna keep those. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. I'm with you. But you wouldn't get home. Ball it up, throw, throw it in the corner, step on it. Wonder where it went. Wouldn't do yard work in It. Wouldn't do yard work in it. No. If I said Ken where's your coat?


You'd know exactly where it's at. Well I'd wear it in with a little bit of pride. Meanwhile, most of us with our money, we're like, I don't know where it went. Some of it's in my wallet. Some of it's over here. I don't know what I spent. And it's so expensive. We spend our time, our effort, our sanity, our sleep. We spend so much to get it. Yeah. And then we just treat it like I don't know where it went. Yeah. And so I'll be talking a little bit about that. I like that great metaphor that's gonna put people in a, a good place of tension. Yeah. Yeah. The way you just set that up, a lot of people are like Ouch. Yeah. I'm treating my purse, my shoes, my fill in the blank. Better than I am. My greatest resource. My money. Yeah. Wow. We're not really good Realizing it. It's gonna be fun. Alright, let's get back to the phones.


Melissa joins us now in Orlando, Florida. Melissa, how can we help today? Hi guys. Thank you so much for taking my call. I am pretty new to The Ramsey Show. I just started listening maybe about like a month or so ago. So I'm still learning and I definitely want to change my relationship with money. But I'm calling because I took out a loan back in, it was the end of 2019 to consolidate my credit card debt and I was paying it. I was able to afford the payments and then the pandemic started. So I ended up getting furloughed from my job and I also moved to a different state in 2021 and it was just a lot for me and I just couldn't afford the payments.


Okay. So I kind of just stopped. Stopped paying and I guess like I thought it like disappeared somehow. I don't know. But I never really got any. Speaking of the example you just gave, she did not know where it was. You were, There's a lot going. Was a hope that was a wish you like disappeared, dis evaporated. Yes, there was. There was a lot going on during that time, but so I did, I remember seeing a couple emails from the company telling me to give them a call to like get back on track and again didn't answer those emails, which I wish I did. But a few years later now we're in 2025.


But I did get an email from a company saying that they sold off my loan Yeah. To a debt consolidator. And they basically were giving me very little options as far as like paying it off. How much is it? It's for a little over $8,000. Okay. So, and what Are they saying to you? So they offered to pay it in full by end of December, which I couldn't do. And then they also offered 90 days to pay it in full, but they keep going back to paying it in full and I told them, you know, I have like medical bills and stuff that I'm trying to take care of so this is what I can afford.


And there's just a lot of back and forth and I just don't wanna delay it because I just don't want to want any legal issues or anything, but Sure. And then just some backstory. I am currently, I live at home with my parents. I'm a single mom. Okay. And I am planning on moving out this year. So this whole thing just feels like such a setback for me. Okay. So it's a little discouraging. Yeah. Well don't look at it as a, let's change our thought here because if your, if your goal is to move out, don't think of this as a setback. This is just something that's going to, when you deal with it, it's gonna get you on a firmer foundation so that when you move out you're in a great position. So this is like you cleaning house.


Right. And you know that feeling that you get after you clean everything out up, it's like okay, everything's in its place. Everything's where it's belong. Yeah, it belongs, I might be tired but I feel good. Right. You've accomplished something. Yeah. So let's talk about your debt snowball because you said you've got some medical bills. Are you listing them from smallest to largest? Like logically what debt comes next? Yeah, So I actually just paid off my two smallest credit cards 'cause I started that process. Good. So my largest would be my car. I have a few years left on that. And then right now my smallest credit card balance is probably like 400. So.


And what's your income Right now? A grocer net. What do you bring home? So every month, how much money do you bring home? Each month I bring home 3,800, but I also do get some child support as well. So How much is that? That is 800 a month. Okay. What are your actual expenses? Like what do you, like you're living with mom and dad So I know that's what I'm Wondering. What, what's your bottom line? Like you could make it if you only had this much coming in. So I, my biggest payment is my car. Another like setback was last year when I had my baby, I went on an unpaid maternity leave.


So I went about three months with no income. So I had debt. I still like, the whole point of me moving home was to pay off my debt, which is also 8,000 Credit card. Hey Melissa, I'm, I'm jumping in only 'cause we have limited time with you and I want Jade to be able to, to get to this. So what is that minimum number that you need to just survive? 'cause you don't have housing. What's giving you a ballpark number? Is it, is it $1,800? $2,000, 1500? What is it that you have to have? I would say for the month? Yeah. I would say about maybe 'cause with my minimums and my car, I would say maybe about like two, 3000. Well I think we've just discovered the issue.


I think Ken just discovered it, which is you don't have a budget because people who have a budget know their numbers. And I'm not saying that to be, you know, ugly in any way, but we've just discovered, I think if you have the budget, which we'll set you up with before you get off the call, you're gonna be able to see, okay, here's what my life costs and here's how much margin I have after I pay for everything that my life costs. Right. So for you, you're in, you're in a wonderful situation and the fact that you're not paying for housing and you've got to capitalize on that to the fullest extent while you're there. Okay. And you're gonna be able to do that with the budget. You're gonna be able to say, okay, here's the truth I make.


I have $4,600 every single month. How much is your car payment? It's five 70. And how much is the total amount that you owe? I have about 21,000 left. And what's it worth? Do you know? I don't know actually. Okay. I'd be curious to know how much that's worth. If you wanna get out of this really, really fast, it might mean downsizing your car. $570 is a lot of money to be paying when you're trying to do things like save up to get out of your parents' house, pay off debt, take care of a 1-year-old, that sort of thing. So I'd be thinking about getting out of that car. But the budget is the number one thing. And what you're gonna do is you're gonna put your income at the top, you're gonna su subtract everything that you think you might spend money on.


And then Melissa, whatever's left, goes to your smallest debts. You should be moving very, you should be spending $3,000 a month on paying off debt. I agree. There's no reason why you're not, you don't have a house, you're about to not have a car payment. Let's get going. Alright, Hang on the line. What are we gonna give her? Are we gonna help her Out with then? Yeah, let's give her every dollar premium and total money makeover. I like it. Alright, you can do this Melissa. We're walking this through with you. This is the ranch show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey folks, we all have stories. The family and cultural stories that we were born into. The stories of the things that have happened to us, both good and bad and the stories that we constantly tell ourselves. And while we can't go back and change any of our old stories, the world is waiting to see what you and I are gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I wanna encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new ones you're writing. And I'm not talking about goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life forever for the better. And if you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories, even heal from them and begin to write new ones. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is 100% online therapy And you can talk with a licensed therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with the licensed therapist And you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/stallone.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show here to help you win in your life. We want you to win with your money, win in your professional life and win with your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number. West Palm Beach, Florida is where we go next. Katie is there Katie, how can we help? Yes. Hello. What a great opportunity. I would, I just wanna say and thank you guys for taking the call. Sure. Thank you. I am well I'm going through a divorce. I'm was married to somebody in the military. He brought me down to his hometown two weeks with arriving, left me with nothing.


And because of jurisdiction I can't leave. This town doesn't have a lot of work opportunities. I've managed to kind of make it on my own without any family or friends here. But in my current situation, I, well obviously I wanna get out, I'm getting paid $13 an hour and I'm living in an rv. But I am very thankful for the blessings that have come my way. But obviously I, I would just wanna see my way out. My thing is I wanna go to school and I don't wanna get in debt, but I feel like that might have to be an option and I just need, I guess some. Sure. Let's, alright, let's start with two quick questions.


Number one, do you have kids? Yes, I have two little ones. How old? Six and a 4-year-old. Hmm. And nobody to watch 'em? No, it's just been me. So when, when right now, because of Florida being 50 50 I, you, you know, but I actually have the kids most of the time. When Does Your, usually, When does your 4-year-old go to kindergarten in, in the, in the fall or do you have another year to wait? He is in daycare, so yeah, this year he should be going to preschool. Okay. Okay. So you do have A daycare option. Okay. That's Good. So I mean, right. Yes. And you know there's certain programs that help with that, but right now it's, I'm paying full, the full tuition for both of my kids and not getting any assistance.


Okay. And no child support. Alright, so let's just, let's try to get you some clarity. Let's back out of the situation 'cause this is, this is tough, hard to see some things if Yeah, if money were no object and I just gave you this degree or certification, whatever you're referring to when you're talking about schooling and I just gave it to you today And you had that done, what would you be using the schooling for? What is this, this this path direction, your thinking that you need schooling for? Well I just, it's not exactly what I want but it's what pays the Nursing. Hey listen, no judgment. What, so nursing, that's what you've selected? Yes.


Okay. And, and, and what would you make, if you've done your research, what would that allow you to start out at 28? Around 28. 28 an hour. Okay. Well we've got a real challenge because you just literally have no money for the nursing program. How much would the cheapest nursing program cost you? From what I've seen, And I mean the cheapest 'cause nobody cares what brand name is on the diploma. We just need to, This is at the local community college. I have the numbers, but it should have been more prepared.


That's okay. But it, I, I did look into it and I have the numbers, I just can't remember 'em, but it's absolutely the cheapest. Okay. Do you have a ballpark ID if you had to guess? If you don't that's okay. I don't wanna hold us up. So we need to know that number. Okay, so Katie, I'm talking like 14. It would be for an associates' 13,000. 13,840. So around 14. So total with 14, that would allow you to become a nurse. 14 grand. Okay. Alright Jay, that at least gives us a target on the future. The deadbeat dad thing, just real quick question, I'll get outta Jade's way so she can coach you on this, but is are there any legal recourse on this guy not, not paying you what he owes you?


So he is, I was able to get the military pay me, but because he got out right now, we're in a limbo with, with the court. Okay, gotcha. Alright. Okay. Well we gotta get our income up. We gotta do be there's gotta be a bridge, Jade, just on this, on the income side, there's gotta be a bridge from where she's at making 13 an hour. Now if we could get her to 20, 22, 24 an hour. I don't care what it is, Katie. It, it's just you, you're doing something, you don't have to have a degree to get that kind of money potentially. Now I know you're in a limited area, so within reason, if we can get your income, is there a bridge or a second job?


Friends old grandmas at the church you go to, you've gotta get really, really innovative in thinking who can help with the kids when they're not in daycare So you can make more money. Well, to be able to cashflow this nursing program, help Me understand the limited area. Is it you're on base? Is it to help me understand that I just very, very small town. Everybody knows everyone West Palm. Like if you get a job, you're West Palm Beach. She's not in West Palm. Where Are you? I'm not, I know South Florida. Where are you? Okeechobee. Okay. Okay, listen, I I think there's more, I I have different questions to ask you because I'm thinking about how we can cut around your budget.


I thought I heard you say that you were paying tuition for 6-year-old or explain to me their daycare And whatnot. I'm not like the daycare. I'm, I'm paying full daycare and aftercare for my kids for both because I don't, yes. Is the 6-year-old in daycare now in, in kindergarten or is still in daycare? He's in daycare. The four year olds in daycare. And When does daughter, the 6-year-old go to kindergarten? I'm trying to figure out when your time and your money frees up because daycare is super expensive. Plus there's the time aspect. So I'm trying to figure out when they will be in school, you know, from, from eight to three and when you'll have that money freed up. The aftercare for my 6-year-old is at the school.


So because I get out around four 30 and she gets out a lot earlier, so I don't have anybody to watch her. I've only been here I think a YA year. All right, I understand. I'm still trying to get to know people. Yeah, I'm just trying to understand when they both will go to kindergarten. When will the 4-year-old go to kindergarten? Should be this fall preschool. Oh, you mean kindergarten? Yeah, Yeah, kindergarten. Yeah. Okay. So that's gonna be a huge, that's gonna be an a parting of the seas for you because you're gonna get a lot more money back in your pocket and you're gonna have built-in childcare for this portion of the day, which right now what the single mom limited options we need, we need to know when that's gonna be.


So I think for you, that's gonna open up a lot of opportunity in the meantime, I do think that there's other things you can do for $13 an hour I, for more than 13 an hour. I think you just need to expand your horizons, even if it's you finding work for home from home things, right? I think the nurse idea is great and I want you to do that, but we've got bigger fish to fry in this moment and maybe just for the next 12 months until you can get your kids off to school. That not line item is back outta your life. You're starting to figure out what's going on with the child support and then you can start to devote money towards nursing. So I think this is a dream deferred, not a dream denied by any means, but I think the next 12 months is about you being in a survival mode and looking for work that you can do that's gonna earn more money until you get to the position where you can get this degree.


Is that fair, Ken? I agree. Just from a logistics standpoint, Katie. 'cause I'm trying to, I know you're overwhelmed. Who would watch the kids and when would, when would you do the nursing program? If you had the money today? Somebody's gotta watch the kids. What's that song? Right? And so I'm, I've been trying to plug myself into some churches, but it takes a while to build, of course Frank up and trust. So it's a work in Progress. Okay, so here's the thing. You're doing the right thing. You, here's my point. You are jade's a hundred percent, right? I wanna see you get more income. Let's solve the, who can watch the kiddos while I'm making more money Problem. I think that's huge. Let's get a budget.


Jade will help you out. We'll Give you the every dollar, something along those lines. Jade, you. But I I think real quick, let's get help for kiddos. They know you're single mom. They, they know you need a little help. Let's get the finances completely under control. Yeah, let's increase our income. And once you're stable there, I think you can save up 11 to $12,000 faster than you think. If you have better income And you got everything kind of under control And you know where your money's going in and out. I think that's the plan for me. Please don't do the debt. It's just gonna put more stress on you. I think it's worth waiting. I agree wholeheartedly. I would not go into debt. No, it's, it's just, and I get it. This is the lure by the way.


Well she wants to, she's a in, in a hot pot that's about to boil and she wants to jump out and jumping into debt is not the, the Option. Hang on the line Katie. We're gonna take care of you. Kelly will will get you hooked up with some great resources to kind of get control of the money. And when that clarity comes confidence to move forward on the advice we've given you. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, every year I hear the same excuses for why people don't get the life insurance they need to protect their families. So this year let's clear the air and look at the facts. Most people are concerned about price, but term life rates have never been lower. Having 10 to 12 times your income on a 15 or 20 year plan is in many cases just plain cheap. Second life insurance through your work is not enough, especially since these plans go away. If you change jobs, you need to have your own policy so you're not without protection when your family really needs it. Third, stay at home. Parents need life insurance, especially those with young kids. People don't realize how quickly the costs add up without someone at home taking care of things. So no more excuses folks. Get the protection your family needs. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. They've been my choice for all my insurance for over 25 years and are the only people I trust.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Glad to have you with us as we coach you and others up to win with your money, winning your work and win with your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Today's Ramsey Network app question is from Lewis. We just finished paying off a hundred thousand dollars in debt. However, we have only 80,000 saved for retirement and have 15,000 saved for our teenager who will be going to college in three years. I'm 50, my wife is 47. Our annual household income is 175,000 and we only live on maybe half of that. Should we not put money into our daughter's college fund at this point and just hope she can qualify for scholarships or cashflow college when we get there so that we can save more for retirement?


Any advice would be appreciated. I like this question. So I always like to set the tone for these sorts of questions by saying that there's no requirement for a parent to pay for their child's education. Like that truly is really a privilege for both, a privilege for the parent if they can afford it, and a privilege for the child if they receive it. It doesn't make you a bad parent if you do not pay for your kids' college. I know for me, my parents told me, they're like, listen, there is no college fund. You better be smart and good at sports, right? Yeah. And so the, the moral of the story here for you Lewis, is as long as you're really communicating what the plan is and if the plan does not involve you giving them all the cash that they need for all four years or whatever it is, maybe they go to a technical college, maybe they go to whatever they decide.


If you're not paying for the whole thing, what you do need to be saying is, and here's how we are paying for it, you're gonna get these scholarships or you're gonna work part-time and have it thought through and talk to them about what that plan is as opposed to leaving them hanging or putting any room for them to think that student loans are an option. And so in this case, I think it's up to you and your wife if you go, Hey, this is 'cause you're gonna retire. Like that day is going to come and you're going to need the cash to be ready for it. So there is an inevitability, an inevitability there that you can't get around. And if you've sat with your SmartVestor and you've realized, hey, if we don't get on the ball with this, we are not going to have the money we need for when we stop working, then yeah, that is a reality that you have to face and say, okay kids, this is all you get or you don't get any and here's what we're gonna do instead.


And there's absolutely nothing wrong with that. I know people who can't afford to pay for their kids' college and choose not to because they want their children to have skin in the game and they want them to pursue, you know what I'm saying? That side of it. So this really is up to what you guys decide. You have a really great household income. I'm wondering if you can continue to put 15% aside and cash flow a portion of this, whatever you decide to do. I I I just want you to know that there's not, the only wrong answer is you not talking about it and coming up with a plan. That's the only wrong answer. Yeah, Good answer. Love it. I can't add anything to that, so I won't, let's go back to the phones. Kirk is joining us in Denver, Colorado.


Kirk, how can we help today? Yes. I'm just calling about just some financial question. I'm, I'm a pastor, been in ministry my whole life. We pastor a small church in Wyoming and so we've lived in a parsonage all that time. So we don't own a home or anything. We've gone through financial peace in our church, So we use cash for everything. We're completely out of debt. But my wife's parents were involved in a tragic car accident, lost their lives. And so they had, they live in Missouri and they had a couple farms and so we sold one with my wife's brother. We sold one and, and just put the money into Edward Jones and we made, we have about, I think there's about $460,000 in there and last year we made 19% interest on that.


I think our cash interest was around $75,000. Anyway, my question is, we've been talking with her brother about this other chunk of land and so he, I don't know if, if he's thinking we should keep the land, my question is, are we gonna make more in interest if we would sell that and put it in a financial institution or keep the land thinking that the value of the land might go up someday? Depends on the land. This is all, it depends on the stock market. Yeah. But, but well yes, but we have historical averages on the stock market, So we know what the stock market has done historically. So you've got a range there of what that's going to do. What matters is this land, that's the, that's the, the asterisk in this.


What do you know about the land? Is it just farmland? Is it in an area that's tell, what do you know about the land and the future around it? Yeah, the land, it's, it's north of Springfield, Missouri. It's, and it, so it's just a rural land. It's just farmland. It does have some water that goes through it. So we're pro we're probably going to just sell it. Not like to be developed, but just someone who would want the farmland to run cattle or add to their farm or, or whatever. And so it's, it's not in a county with like a big city. So it's, the value per acre is lower. It maybe it's like $10,000 an acre. We're not sure exactly what it's gonna, that's the come up to, You're on the right track. I would want to know what's the potential of this land over 15, 20, 30 years.


Because if it's retirement, you, because you're asking apples to apples and these aren't apples to apples. And So, you know, that's what I would be doing if I'm looking at this as retirement money, I'm either gonna put it in a, in the mutual funds, the way we teach here, or I'm gonna hold onto the land and at x age that we determine we sell it. So as you look to however many years that is from now, when you would actually want to use it for retirement, what do you project or what do some land experts in that area project that land value to be? That would be the answer that I'm looking for. And based on that, then I make my decision and, And you know, look, you're gonna probably get much better return on getting that cash out now and putting it in mutual funds.


That would be my guess based on what you've told me. But I would wanna know for sure. Right. Is there anything? Yeah, and, and I'm, I'm just gonna say I'm 58 years old and so we're gonna be retiring here soon. What Do you think you guys stand to make on that, On that land your cut? I'm thinking maybe 700. I'm thinking maybe 750,000 if I, I'm figuring it's like 150 acres. So if my wife gets 75 acres of it and it's worth $10,000 up, $750,000, I'd probably go buy a sign today and smack it in the dirt me and put that, take that money and and put that away. Do you, do you right that that's, do you need it?


That's the other question. Is it, are you banking on it? Is it something that you need in the short term? Not in the short term, but definitely through retirement because like I said, we don't have a whole lot and so this this 400 close, close to 500,000 that we already have in, in mutual funds, we're gonna need to buy a house. So we're thinking maybe 250 to $300,000 house. So that's gonna take a big chunk of that and then just live on the rest and put it in a trust and give what we can to our kids. But The other question I had is, so I mean is it just, I mean, does it cost you anything? Is there any upkeep on this land? Are there any animals on it? Does it cost you anything? No. Is it just sitting? Not really. And and her brother lives down there and so like fixing some fence, we actually lease it to a guy for, we don't really make a whole lot on it.


He just runs some cattle on it. So there is some upkeep on the land somewhat. I don't know. What would You do? What what popped in my mind is, is there a way that I'd wanna make money with this land as it's appreciating in value so that I can make money two ways, that's what was in my head. And then cash out when you're Ready for it and then cash out when I'm ready. Yeah, I like That. If you can, If I'm not, and if I'm not gonna do that, then I'd probably cash it out and invest the money. That's, that's me. I'm not saying that that's necessarily right, it's just what my brain would be thinking of. I'm trying to find ways to get money. Right. And that's why I said I take the seven 50 now. 'cause it doesn't sound like I, I actually agree with you Jade.


I'd wanna know what that looks like. And then again, I'm comparing Yeah, where do I, so I'm with you. I'm a hundred percent going. I, my goal here is to make more money. And that's your goal too. So the question is, is what allows you to make the most money, I think right. My gut tells me, and I'm not informed, but I told you what I would do to get informed. Yeah. I would add to it what Jade just said, which is could we be making more money than just leasing to the current guy who's letting cattle run on it, run all those numbers. At which point I'm gonna go if my money has a chance to grow faster by getting it now and putting it in the stock market. Yeah. Through the mutual funds, the way we teach investing.


And that's probably the way I'm going. Yeah, because you got what, 12 years before you're gonna go after it? What, what do you thinking work until 70? Well, I'm, I'll be, I'll be 59 in February. I mean, I want to retire whenever I can, But yeah, so I, I'm figuring, you know, 60, 67, 68, something like that to retire And Okay. I will say I love a lump sum. I love the idea. So do I of dropping a big old lump sum and letting that, let it do what it's gonna do. Let let it do what it do what it do. Yeah, I agree. And then, you know, you got options. I love that plan. I'd probably sell that dirt tomorrow. Yeah. See what the wife wants to do too. Oh, oops. She's got a good intuition. Glad you brought that Up.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Taking care of your health doesn't Have to cost a fortune. That's why Field of Greens is in my house. Field of Greens is made from fruits and veggies selected by doctors to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism. And here's the best part. They're so confident your doctor will notice your improved health. They offer a money back guarantee, no questions asked. Try today and get 15% off at Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY promo code RAMSEY Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY.


Welcome to The Ramsey Show. This is where we help you America specifically. We help you win with your money, win in your professional life and win with your relationships alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. We're both thrilled to be together for you. So we'd love to coach you up. Here's how we do it. You give us a call, triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Jade's our resident money expert. I'm the resident professional advice expert. Let's make mo money mo money so that Jade can teach you how to keep more of the money. That's our tango today.


So can we help you? Let's go. Christian starts us off in Portland, Oregon. Christian, how can we help today? Hi Ken and Jay. Thanks for taking my call. Yes, I am just starting the new year off the right way with trying to get outta debt. I'm following the baby steps. I just don't have a lot of accountability and I need direction and I really wanted to make a big deal about this, so I wanted to call the show and get some Love it. Professional advice from people that I trust. Well, I've got good news for you because I'm sitting next to the budget queen.


Hey, not the dancing queen, but Budget Queen. There it is. Do your thing. I think this man needs to know how to figure out a budget. First off, Christian, I love that you're understanding the importance of accountability to the point where're like, I'm gonna call him the show. People are gonna hear it post about it on, on social media. I, I, I actually really like that some people kind of like to do their goals in the quiet and in secret and I listen, I'm no psychologist, I don't know, but I have a feeling around that. I think that when people do their goals quietly, it's 'cause they're afraid that if they don't accomplish them or if they're they fail no stake, no one has to know. Right. That's right. And so I love the accountability of you saying no, I'm putting it out there.


So my question is, what is it that you're trying to accomplish and what is it, what is the thing that you are worried about being a roadblock for you accomplishing it? Well, I've never really been good at my finances in the past, keeping a budget, keeping up like a record of my finances. And I'm about 90,000 in debt. It's 35 of it. 35,000 is is an auto and the rest of it is credit card. Okay. And I, I work part-time seasonal on a farm in Oregon.


I don't make very much, but I'm very fortunate and blessed to have a, a trust that I get money from every month. And, but how much? I've been very irresponsible. It's 7,000 now. So you get 7,000 a month from the trust and then you're working part-time on a farm. What do you make from your part-time work? When I am working, which I'm off season right now, but usually about 2000 a month. Okay. And I work part-time because I have a 2-year-old daughter and I watch her half the week. I have her three and a half days. Okay. Do you have any support around you that could help with her?


Well, so her mother watches her the rest of the time and she is a big support and, and, and my daughter and everything I know, but I'm talking about you're, you're a daddy now and I'm jumping in here because I don't like what I'm hearing and I'm not like criticizing you. But you need to be working full time, even when it's your turn, your custody side of things. That means you see her after you come home from work. That means someone is helping you or you are paying for them to help you because you need to be making more money in this off season. Yeah. Is the trust for life. Yes. Okay. I have a question. You told me earlier that you've never been good at like managing your money or sticking to a budget.


Do you know why? Why is that? What do you do instead? Well, I was never really taught that. Okay. And yeah, I am am when I get around math or numbers, I choke up. I didn't get very far in math and school. Okay. And it's fair enough, it's a very uncomfortable subject for me. Just is It also fair to say about it, is it also fair to say that you haven't needed to budget? Yeah. No. Well, what do you mean by that? Meaning You've never had to worry about not having enough money, so therefore there was never a need to watch where this dollar was going and where that dollar was going.


Yeah. 'cause $7,000 a month is if you're, you can live on that 7,000 a month is good check. So I haven't had that. I haven't, I only got, I, it hasn't been that long since I've had that. Okay, gotcha. And it hasn't always been 7,000. I started getting it in 2008 and it started off at 2000. Got you. Which is why, by the way, Jade, I want him working, even though this is a nice blessing. I still want him working. Yeah. So let's, let's get into this a little bit. I I, I totally buy it. None of us were taught this in college. None of us were taught it in high school. Few of us were taught it in our own homes. So it's very, very important. And I'm also with you on the math, despite popular belief, I actually hate doing math and I'm not very good at it. I made season it in high school and college.


So did I. So There We go. The good news for you is that we solve those problems here for you with every dollar. So before you get off the call, I want you to have the every dollar app. It's a budgeting app and it's gonna help you do the things that you said you struggled with, which is making a plan for your money, sticking to the plan with your money and doing the math on your money. It does all of that for you. The only thing that you have to do, Christian, is the only commitment you have to make is to make the thing right. Plug your numbers in and just to take atomic habits habit, stack it with something else you do, right? So if you have a a, a habit in the morning of you make up, you wake up, you make your morning coffee And you read the news on your phone, right?


You just add, and after I read the news on my phone or before I read the news on my phone, I track my transactions in every dollar. That's it. If you can start that habit this year, you're going to see things with your money begin to turn around. Because for most of us, we're just not, it's not part of our day-to-day rhythm. And so we're not seeing the fact that we're overspending on food or we're not seeing the fact that we're overspending and accidentally spending the money for something more important on something less important, right? And so for you, I think getting that habit into your life is gonna be really important. So that's numeral uno. The next thing I want to talk about is this car. So you said you've got a $35,000 car and then you've got another 55 or 60,000 in credit card debt.


So I kind of want to tackle the car. What's it worth? I think it's probably worth a little bit less than 35. I haven't actually looked it up. I don't know those Numbers. Okay, then that would be my second piece of homework. Number one is every dollar number two, I'm looking to see if this thing, if there's a break even here or if, you know, if it's a very short amount of upside downness, I'm going to, I'm gonna take that bet and I'm going to probably get out of this car because what are you paying every month for it? 700. Hey my guy, let's get that money back into your wallet. That's a lot of money for somebody who's in $90,000 of debt.


So if I were you, I would get outta that vehicle. I'd buy something far less expensive in cash and yeah, that's what I would do. That's almost half of that debt. Not quite, but almost. Yeah, You're clearing out a big portion of it. And then with these credit cards, you know, don't consolidate 'em. Don't, you know, do a shuffle game. Just list them smallest to largest and pay 'em off one by one. Ken, what's he gonna do with the career real quick? I don't know. We didn't have enough time to get into that. What do you want to do? If money wasn't an object, say it go. If money wasn't an object, something to do with plants. I work on a veggie farm. I moved to Oregon so I could do permaculture design, which has a lot to do with, you know, plants, Animals.


So here's what we're gonna do. Hang on the line, Kelly. Let's get him a copy of Find the Work you're wired to do. It's a bestselling book with an assessment. It'll help. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've got a lot to keep organized in life. Kids and calendars and carpooling and cleaning. I mean, it is so much. That's why you need a knock box. That way if something happens to you, you leave your loved ones with happy memories and not a huge mess. Knock box is a complete system to help you organize your accounts, personal history, estate planning documents, and all your other info. In one place, I'm talking about everything from life insurance policies and social media accounts to your dog's vet divided into 15 simple categories. Plus they've got checklists that tell you what to add to each folder so your family won't have to guess where everything is. So start getting organized today@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. Your family will thank you. That's knock box n okay. box.com/ RAMSEY.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. RAMSEY trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a RAMSEY trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


The Ramsey Show continues, thrilled to have you with US America. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. We would love to hear from you. We want to coach you up. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside.


Hey, our RAMSEY show annual listener survey is now live. We'd love to know your favorite parts of the show, what you like, what you don't, what you want to hear more of. Whatever it is. We do want your opinion. There are a couple ways to participate. You can text the word survey to the number 3, 3, 7, 8, 9. You can text survey to 3 3 7 8 9. Visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey. Or if you're listening on podcast or YouTube, click the link in the show notes. Sign up today to tell us what you think. And you will be entered, by the way, to win a $500 Gift Card. So got a chance to win 500 bucks. Listen, just for telling us what you think.


If you're gonna say anything mean about me, just go ahead and decide not to. There might be a few of those. You think? A few. A few. Ken Ken's sweater every Yeah, today my sweater is just very low key today. Yeah, you're doing good. I can't help it that I like, you know, know some, some bolder statements from time to time. Yeah, you do Good as do you indeed. But I think you pull it off better and maybe people are going, he should probably not try to keep up with Jay. I'm, I'm playing your song monochrome. Yeah, I like that. It's a good look. Yeah. Alright, back to the phones. We go. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. DAG is joining us in Seattle, Washington Deck. How can we help? Hi Jade.


Ken, thanks for taking my call. Sure. Been listening to you guys for a few months or several months and just love, love everything you guys are doing. Thank you. So I'm, I'm heading in the direction of my retirement from my primary career career, probably in the next, as early as three years, but could, could push that out a little bit. So I'm kind of, I'm, I'm, I'm looking at the sunset of, of my, my main career and what I'm looking to, you know, do as a second career. And then also, you know, building some wealth in that I've already paid off. I'm, I kind of flip flopped, maybe five and six paid off the house.


So now I'm bolstering the college account for the kids and then trying to build some wealth tools. And I'm, I'm playing it really conservative. I've got some money in high yield. So I'm just looking a little, looking for a little direction and in a couple of those areas as, as my sunset and my career kind of approaches and All right. So direction in what you do for work after you retire from the main career, and then direction in how to invest. Is that what I'm hearing? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And I, you know, I'm, I've been in public service as an emergency responder and just that, you know, that length of that career is wearing and tearing on the body a little bit.


Yeah. And so I, alright, Let's just dive in. I'm There, Let's dive in. I have a sense that a guy like you calls this show. You have a couple of ideas that if, if there were zero resistance, you would go, this was probably one on my list. This is two on my list. Am I right? Sure. Yeah, Absolutely. Alright, so gimme number one. What would you do if there were zero resistance? Let's say we fast forward and we walk away from public service and boom, we walk into this, what is it? It probably has something to do with teaching in the similar to the field. And so basically shifting my knowledge and experience into some kind of teaching environment to, to the, the, the new up and comings, whether it's through my a teaching LLC or at a local community college.


Certainly an option. I don't have a teaching credential, so I have to go down that route. Well what about instructing within the actual department? And I do do that currently. It's, it's getting out of the, the emergency response side of things, kind of the wear and tear of the 24 and 48 hour shift, Right? So the question is, since you're working, are you working for a municipality or the state? A municipality, essentially. I wonder if there are some training instructing opportunities in different departments. And we, and, and so the idea here is, is here's where I would start brainstorming deck. Alright, these people know me.


I've been a a, a city employee or county employee for X amount of years. I'm in the system. If I can get out of the, the environment, that's what I'm hearing you say in emergency, and I can move somewhere else and still take some of that transferrable experience and get into instructing, then I'm not having to go necessarily get any qualifications. That's one option. The other option is, yeah, over the next couple years you moonlight and get a, get an online teaching degree and then decide I can go to the local high school, I can go to the local community college. You know, I think it's just laying out all the specific training slash instruction options in your area.


Make a list. Where could I go? Sure. If there were zero challenge or hindrances, then we Look at that list and we go, well, I kind of like the idea of teaching at this local trade school or I, I like this idea of teaching at this local public school, whatever. And you begin to make the list of this is more desirable than that. And I got my top two or three options, and now I start asking the question. And these, I wrote about this by the way, and I'm gonna Give you the book, paycheck to Purpose, but I wrote about this. There's four qualifying questions. Once we know dag what I wanna do, they are, what do I need to learn? That's the education question.


Could be a certification, may have to be associates, may have to be a four year degree. What do I, sure. What do I need to do? What experience will I need? Okay, that tells me where I'm entering or I'm transferring certain experience. Then it's how much is that gonna cost me? That's the finance piece. And then finally, based on my finances, how long will this take me? And those are the four questions. D and they're in the book. And I'll give the, give the book to you at the end of the call and it's in the get qualified stage. But those four questions right there, that comes up with a plan. And now it's not intimidating Jade because now he knows what he's gotta do. So I love that. I, I think that's your homework there. I want to get Jade in here on the retirement piece so she can Give you some guidance there.


Yeah, tell me more. Thank you. The only thing that made my ears perk up is when you said that you were very conservative And you were utilizing high yield savings accounts. So I didn't know what percentage we're talking. So tell me more about that. Yeah, I, so the, you know, the house is, I'm, I'm fortunate that I got my house, I got my house paid off. Nice. I'm gonna have a, a small pension deferred comp, and I, I've put quite a bit of money away to pay for my stepson's college. And my goal is to have that a hundred percent by the time I retire. Okay. And, but then I have some, some extra in there that, you know, I know that I can do better with that outside of a high yield, How much extra?


And it just, I would say in the hundred ish range, I'd be maybe comfortable with freeing up out of there. Oh, That's the amount You being comfortable Free up. How much is in there total? Two 40. Oh my goodness. All right. Great job saving. Listen, if I were you, if I were in your shoes, I would keep three to six months of expenses. You sound like a guy who wants 12 months of expenses, but I for sure keep six in there. And then if, if you are not, if you don't have something that you know, that you're intentionally about to do with this money, you know, you're not remodeling your kitchen or you're not about to do something, it's, it's not college money.


I didn't, I'd invest it. I would, I'd be maxing out Roth IRAs every single year. If you have HSAs, I'd max those out and then I'd throw the rest in a brokerage account and that's what I'd be doing. I'd definitely be investing this money and getting a better rate of return somewhere between 10 to 12% if you're investing in the mutual funds that we teach the type of mutual funds we teach, I should say. Okay. Yeah. What, what gives you pause about that then? That and I'm Say that again, I'm sorry. What gives you pause about investing it? I think part of it is a, a good portion of the money. I, I've saved a little bit of, it was inheritance, probably about a third of that.


Okay. And I just want to be, I kind of treat that as it's, it's not really it. Yes, I received it in inheritance, but it's not really, it's not really my money, it's, No, it's Yours. It's a gift and I want to, it is, But yeah, I just Listen. You imagine if I gave Jade a gift and then took it back the next day, no one's taking that money back. It's yours. Or if you gave me a gift and I just set it on the shelf and didn't use it to my advantage. Yeah. I like it. Boom. Hey, get with a SmartVestor Pro So you can learn about this and feel good about investing that money. Yeah. Come on dag. This is the Rams issue.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite And you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


A new year is here and everyone's started making their list of I once for the year. I want to get out of debt, I want to lose weight, I wanna make more money. But that's where most people stop. The problem is without a plan, those are just wishes. Most of us set goals with the best of intentions, but have zero follow through. Real goals require a plan. That's why if you wanna see real change with your money this year, you've got to get on a budget. With our EveryDollar budgeting app, you'll make a plan for your money and get your spending under control So you actually make progress towards your goals this year. Don't just wish for things to change with your money. Download every dollar for free and start budgeting today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number.


It's time for our question of the day. It comes to you by and from our good friends. Why Refi? Why Refi? Refinances defaulted private student loans and bills a custom loan based on your ability to pay. You'll have a payment that you can afford with a low fixed interest rate. You can, you can't get anywhere else. So this will help you stick to your budget and work your debt. Snowball. Go to Why Refi dot com today slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Oh, All righty. Then you have to turn your microphone on. I don't, yeah, That's how that works. You do. Okay. Today's question comes from Tyrone in New Jersey. He says, I work for a small company with less than 20 employees. Recently I discovered that while my employer has been taking deductions from my check for my 401k, they had been holding the money and making a few small deposits into my account throughout the year. And then one larger deposit at the end of the year. Huh? I confronted my employer and their only response was that they were sorry. Does this sound legal or unethical? And is it time to seek new employment? Yh? That does not sound right.


I'm, it Does not tell you that does not, it does not sound right at all. Smells very fishy. Yeah. Because you're missing out on time in the market if they're not investing the money into the funds that you chose. That's, This needs to be dealt with instantly. Instantly. Like Sitting down with lots of leaders going, Hey, look, I'm immediately, I got questions. Don't go in accusing, but a lot of questions and good questions. Good questions. Why has this been happening? Yeah, you said, sorry. That implies a mistake. Has it been remedied? Whatcha you gonna do about all the back stuff? There's a Lot. What? The tone? I need to know tone, because I, I have a, a strong tone. I'm gonna say serious tone. A serious tone. Yeah. You don't wanna be, I'm not messing around Tone. You gotta be careful. Oh yeah.


Very serious. Yeah. The que let the, I love like that. You asked this, so I wanna set this up. Well, okay. The questions themselves take care of the tone. In other words, you don't have to be accusatory, angry. A really pointed specific line of questioning, pre-thought out, maybe right there in front of you on your lap. Yes. Or on your phone. And in the moment, the, you're serious, serious face. We're not joyful about this. No, no smiles. No ami ableness. Yeah. It is seriousness, but I think the questions asked properly make it very serious.


They go, this is a person who did their homework. This is a person who has follow ups. There is a line of questioning. They, they feel as though they are on a witness stand. And that's how it should be. You don't have to be ugly and accusatory because you're hoping to get to the bottom of this and get an actual solution. But by doing this, you're gonna find out really quick if this is a fishy situation or if this is a fixable situation. That would be my take. What Do you think? I like that. I I love a, a furrowed brow. Mm. And but a nod. Yes. Like yeah. That, that way. First question, How did this happen? Yeah. Oh, Okay. And stop talking. Yes. How did this happen? That's a serious question. Then the follow up is, has it been fixed?


Will this ever happen again? What happens to the money that I earned that should have been put? Like these questions, That's the real question. These questions are going to imply a whole lot of seriousness. That, that would be my posture. And, and, and, and Spoken from a guy, by the way, who's not done it well. Alright. I mean, 'cause I get it. I get how the heat should be pretty hot under the hood there. Yeah. It should be steaming. But can we keep that in and can we ask the questions that way that helps us hopefully get some real responses. I hope so. Yeah. This, this would be, this needs to be dealt with quickly. Would Would you, would you seek, I almost might seek an employment lawyer on this. Not, not, not lock up a lot of time, but maybe a consultation.


I don't think I, I mean, don't get me wrong that this is not the type of thing that would ever happen here. But let's just pretend I looked at my investments and said, Wait a a minute. Like my thing didn't go in there. I mean, I, I would go to my leader and, or you know, who's over HR or whatever, and say, Hey, here's what I discovered. Right? I I I would not be lawyering at this point. I'd be what? Doing what you're doing, which is asking serious questions. This Is the thing though. They've already apologized and so essentially Oh, that's true. We have an admission of, we have an admission of guilt here At this point. I wait, so that's why I saying wait for the next round and if I see it again, because my thing is if I see it again then Yeah. Well, I'm sorry. I should have done a better job of asking you if, you know, you've gotta go have this conversation with the leader, which they do.


I I might consult an employment. Yeah, I probably would just at that point. So I know what should be. That's, this is, you know what I mean? Yeah. This is very fishy. Gives me a little, They, they, they listen. I don't wanna says do anybody wrong, but they took a loan, Smells, it smells over there. That was a loan. I get it. Let's go to Denver, Colorado next where David awaits David, how can we help? I am starting to work the, well, I'm working baby step two and I have been using a credit card for all of my like day-to-day purchases and I pay that credit card off every month. But I'm looking to stop using it and I'm just a little hesitant to like start carrying a balance so that I have like the money to just use the debit card for other things and then like have to carry that as I pay that one off too instead of just like paying it off.


And so I'm not sure, like, is it something where I should like wait a month or two and save up the extra money or should I just go and carry the balance and pay it off as quickly as possible? So, okay, let me filter it through the baby steps. So when you're paying off debt, using the debt snowball method, what we say to do is you pay minimum payments on everything so that you're satisfying whatever your, your debts are for that month, you're paying, you know, you're doing the things on your budget that are necessary for that month, whatever they may be. I mean, everybody pays their rent or mortgage. You pay your groceries, you pay your minimums on your debt, and then the extra money after that goes to paying off your smallest debt. So you do need to satisfy with your own cash the things that the month requires and which for you, that's gonna feel some type of way because you're used to doing that with your credit card.


So essentially you're used to taking all of your income and throwing it to your credit card to paying it off. And this month you're gonna go, no, I'm gonna take my income and I'm gonna use it on my life and what the margin is I'm going to use to pay off that credit card. And what you're gonna discover there when you do that is what has been true all along, which is that money was debt And you were borrowing it and now you owe it and have to pay it back. That's what that's gonna feel like. You're gonna, you're gonna actually feel that you've been in debt this whole time. Does that make sense? Yeah. Listen, I'm proud of you. I'm glad that you're, see you've seen the light, you've had that moment. What caused you to, to go, you know, I don't wanna do this anymore.


It just like, it's a little hard to plan like when you're, the bill is finished on the 20th of the month, but you don't pay for it until the 15th of the next. And so it seems a lot more simple to manage the other way. Well, listen, I want you to have every dollar. That's gonna be a great way for you to make this transition into using your own money. And I, let me just say, and, and Ken, I know you can speak to this. When you have been a person who you've let credit cards run their scam on you, which what credit cards do is they say, Hey, we'll make your life easier for you. Easy in the word in quotes. But what it's really does is it steals your confidence to handle your own money.


Mm. That's what it does. Because you have this crutch that you've been relying on that's always there. It's debt, but you don't feel like it's debt. And then the moment you remove it, suddenly most of us are like, oh my gosh, I don't even know what to do with my own income. It feels exposing. Yeah. And so that you're gonna feel that for a moment and then you're gonna go, oh wait, I actually make money. That's right. And I, I work hard for my money and I should have the dignity of managing it and spending it in and of my control. Okay, There you go. That's it. And, and what will change is I was waiting for him to respond because you know, the, the emotion there, he's, He's, he's licking his wounds.


He Really is. But you know, I love that he told you why this, why the call, why the change, the stress of living off of that credit card way that a lot of people do that. Yeah. Well I'm gonna use it for this and then pay it off. And for him, he's not wired for that. Yeah. And I'm just thinking about how light he's gonna feel. Yeah. You know, when he just starts to do it this way, the way you've told him. And then he goes, okay, now I am in full control and I don't have that angst. And You're not behind a month when you do that. You're always behind a month. And so what happens? That's the feeling. Yeah. You put everything on your American Express and then what happens if you lose your job now you just owe the money, but you didn't get your paycheck. Yeah. So there's there's method to the madness People.


Yep. Good stuff. Thanks for the call, David. It's gonna work. Take a deep breath, maybe three or four and it's gonna be great. Alright, don't move. Quick break. More of your calls coming up. She's Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. You're listening to The Ramsey Show.


Hey, Dave RAMSEY here. Dr. John Delony and I are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. You, the audience will vote to choose the topics we talk about things that impact your life, like investing in your future, money, stress, and marriage and more. We're coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth, and Phoenix in April and May, 2025 tickets are at their lowest price right now. Grab yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is with me. And we are here for you. Triple 8 8 2 five five two two five. Triple eight Eight two five five two, two five. Couple quick things here before we get back to the phones. You need to be tuned in to a new show called 90 Day Money Makeover. I'm a little excited about this because my partner and my, my partner today, the colleague here next to me, Jade Warshaw, you put it on your old Instagram the Other day. I can just tell The folks we're friends. I Got a little excited. Partner, colleague. We are friends. Thank you. I just mean in the, okay. Sam and Jade and me say we all God all go to dinner.


We hang out, we hang out. Thank you. Thank you Ken. Sorry. Just put some respect on our relationship here. My, well the Respect was the colleague. It's a broadcasting thing. I've, I'm old school, I was trained on things like that. It's all just throwaway words. She's my dear friend. Thank you. Let's, we actually hang out. Let's Get into it. I was bragging on you. Thank you. You posted something on the Gram and I saw it and I was like, alright, because I'm not paying attention to your schedule. I know, I Know. 90 Day Money Makeover. You wanna tell folks about it or I can tell 'em about it. I'll Tell 'em a little something. All right. So a while back we said, what would it be like? You know, we take calls on the show all the time, Ken. Yeah. And we give them advice, but we don't know if they're actually gonna take the advice.


So we thought it would be really cool to follow somebody who calls into The Ramsey Show and actually help them take the advice. And So we followed them over the course of 90 days and we've done a couple of these episodes and they have been really, really, really, I remember you telling me about this one where you were out like on a farm, On a, like I'm talking about on The farm. It was, it took you a while to get there. As I recall. It did. I was fighting for my life out there. Let me tell you. It was great though. Oh, it's good. The life change that takes place over the course of 90 days is absolutely incredible. And it really just, I mean, it's amazing. So anyway, a 90 Day Money Makeover, it's available now. The first episode came out yesterday.


It's on YouTube. You can go to The Ramsey Show Highlights page and watch it. The first episode we follow a single mom, Heather Hartman. Let me tell you, Heather is amazing. I feel like we're bonded for life after this. But she's such a strong, just strong woman, hard worker. But she was drowning in debt. Now, my production notes say that you may or may not have challenged her to sell some chickens, a calf and even a calf. Is this true? When I met her, she had 50 chickens. She had How Much does a chicken fetch, bro? I don't know. I I But you told her to sell 'em? I Told her to sell 'em. She had three cows. I Can't wait to watch it. Were you wearing overalls by any chance? No, but they A straw hat. They convinced me to wear boots. No flannel though. I, they convinced me to wear flannel. Oh, I gotta tune in just to see that.


Listen, I was in my Green Acres era. I I went Did you buy boots for this episode? I did. And they were ugly. They were terrible. Were what? What were they? Do we know Amazon? Oh, you didn't go to Timberland or anything? No. 'cause I wanted people to know that it was a joke. I didn't want 'em to think that I was trying to really do that. I I could see you wearing some really killer Timberlands on this episode. Next, maybe next time. Maybe next Time. I I'm sorry I interrupted you. So No, she, So you coach her up in this episode? Yeah. Coach her up and, and she's gone through a lot. She's divorced trying to work through the divorce. She's got children, she's got debt. It's a lot. And a huge farm that she had. So yeah, watch the episode. She really did does change your life. So again, that's awesome. Available on YouTube or click the link in the show notes.


Or you can just write on in there to the highlights here. As much as you laugh about going out to the farm, they made a good choice in choosing you. Not me. I mean, there's no chance you're getting this. Listen, this j crew, Ralph Guy out there and on the chickens, and I'm not instant, I'm not, I'm instant entertainment Out there. Jayden can, Jayden can on a farm. Yeah. From a silly standpoint, it wouldn't be much redeemable content. You like, they show me all these farm tools. I'd be like, what do you do with this? Yeah, I have no idea. And I don't like calluses either. Who, unless it's from a pickleball paddle or a golf club. Those are the only two that I like to get accounts From. Good to know. Good to know, Ken. All right. It's gonna be fun. It's really good. It looks good. I saw it on, on Jade's Instagram, so it's very, Very Good.


The trailer looks Great. Yeah, it's very Good. I can't wait. You know what we need to do? We need to have you and Sam over and we'll watch it. We'll do a watch party since we hang out all the time. I Yes. People wanna know that. Not in the hot tub because we won't do that. No, I'm just, I didn't know that was an option. Well, You guys don't know this, but during the break, Ken told me about his hot tub. He told me about his new espresso machine. He told me about his deck. I'm like, I need to come to y'all's house, Ken. All right, you're welcome. Take a call. Moving on. Moving On. Jenny is on the line in Dallas, Texas. Jenny, how can we help? Hi. Hi Ken. Hi Jade. Thank you for taking my call. You bet. I just have a question.


My husband and I have about $160,000 worth of debt and I really wish I had found y'all sooner. We, we are on baby step two and the house is 125,000 and we have some consumer debt of 42,000. Okay. And my question is, my husband has, we've been married for seven years. Seven plus years. And he has a separate account than mine. We have two checking accounts. And then he has a, an emergency account that he only has access to and I'm not really sure how much is in there, but it's, he does use it for emergencies and for like, we have all of our vehicles paid off and, and they do need work from time to time.


So that has come in handy. Okay. And he's, he's kind of, we, we've kind of done this thing where he pays the house note and then I pay the consumer side of it. And he's wanting me to like just get in there and, and get us out of debt as fast as possible. And I'm like, we need to put everything in one checking account. Right. What does he say to that? He just says, well, I I want you to have your own money. And I'm, I'm just, Is there precedent?


I know that, like, is there a, can you see a reason for this? Like, are you guys coming from relationships where there was lack of trust where there was some form of abuse or control? Does, is there a divorce? You know, was there anything that would cause him to say, I wanna keep mine overhearing you over there? See, and and that's something that I've asked him before because I don't have a problem with us having the same account. You know, that doesn't bo we've been together for over seven years. Yeah. I mean it's not, I'm not going anywhere. I'm, he's not going anywhere. So I'm not really sure. And at this age, I mean, we're in our fifties, so it's not like we're spring chickens and we're just trying to, I wanna get all this taken Care.


Well that's kind of what made me a ask, because if you're coming from previous relationships, I'm just trying to get it into his head space a little bit. I'm talking to you right now and clearly you're on board with it, which I, by the way, I think you're right. I'm just trying to understand what, what's giving him fuel to that fire. Did you have a season where you were spending like crazy? Like tell, is there anything other than just him wanting it this way? Actually, Honestly, I'm the one that, you know, gets stuff paid off and he's like always, you know, bragging about me. You know, and, and I'm like, well if you really wanna do this, I wanna do the scorched earth approach. Yeah. And he's not a fan of that. Which I, I can get, you know, he does put, you know, a portion of his check every check into this other account that I don't have access to, which is for emergencies and all of that.


Have you asked for access to the emergency fund account? Yes. And what does he say? And We just, he just is kind of like, well, it's okay. I've got, I've got you covered, you know, and I'm just, it kind of frustrates me in a way. Yeah. Listen, that's a red flag. Mm, that's definitely a red flag. I don't like that. I feel like that's a controlling effort if I'm just being honest. And you, what I find, And you know, Ken and I are both, you know, we, we both are, have been in long term marriages. Ken, I've been married 18. You've been married coming up on 27. Right? So here's what I know.


If I say to my spouse, here's the way I'm feeling, I I I'm feeling like we're separate in this area and I want us to come together in this area. Or here's something that's causing me to really feel unsafe or on, on bad footing here, Sam is gonna come and go, okay, let's fix that. The fact that he is not aware or caring about the things that are making you feel unsafe or making you feel separate from him is a red flag. And I would take that to counseling immediately. Yeah, I Agree. Couldn't agree more. I think this is a therapy session. Marriage issue first, money issue. Second, I also would say to you, let's get him on that page. Let's chill out on the score dearth and yeah, teach him the momentum once we get him on the same page.


Good hour. Jake. Thanks you. Thank you so much for joining us here America. This is your show. This is The Ramsey Show.