
Hey guys, it's James Charles, producer of The Ramsey Show. Hey, this week Dave and the personalities are living it up on the RAMSEY Cruise. So we've put together a compilation of some of our favorite calls and segments from the last year. Regular shows are back next week. Hope you enjoy From Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is the magnificent Kenneth Coleman. Wow. Magnificent and Kenneth in the same sentence.


It's gonna be a day, It's gonna be a good day. Oh, ho Ho. We're taking calls all afternoon long, your life, your money. Hit us with all the questions that you have, and we will hit you with an answer, a solution a way forward, or we'll just spitball creative ideas with you, whatever it takes. The phone lines are open. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Let's get involved. All Right, let's go straight to the phone lines. We got Joe, he's in Anaheim, California. What's going on Joe? Hey, how are you guys doing? Doing great. How are you? Doing good. Doing good. I've been watching you guys for a while and I got a quick question. I'm just looking for a little bit of affirmation here. Okay. I have a girlfriend of about a year and a half, and we do live together and she asked me actually last night if I could loan her money to pay off a debt that she has on a credit card.


Ooh. So she's about 12,000, About About $12,000 in debt. That's not a little bit me, myself. I'm, huh? That's not a little bit, that's a lot. Well, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. If not, yeah. Not, not a little bit. But yeah, she had asked me that and I gave her, I told her I would call you guys. I, I, I kind of know the answer, but I'll get back to y all on that, babe. I Told, let's put it on Jade and Kenneth to see what Sure, sure. Okay. So it's $12,000, did you say it's for a credit card? Yeah. Yeah. For a credit card. Yeah. And Just to clarify, this is a loan, so when you say the word loan, that makes me sound, that makes it sound like somebody's gotta pay it back.


Gotta pay it back. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. She had got into a, yeah, she had got into a little situation, I guess, with her last partner. He ended up using it without her permission and Got it. Yeah. That's how she ended up being in that Situation. Can I ask you this? How do you feel, how would you feel being in a position where your girlfriend owes you $12,000? That's the thing too. 'cause like I said, I've been looking to you guys for a while and I, I remember one thing RAMSEY says is, you know, you know, dinner tastes a little different, you know, when you're sitting across to somebody that owes you. And I know I wouldn't be the one owing anyone, but like, just the fact that, you know, that that kind of tension would be there, I wouldn't necessarily feel too comfortable with That.


Yeah. Joe, how's that gonna feel when she starts missing payments that she owes you? Ooh, that's gotta be weird. Hey, we're going to Red Lobster tonight. How's that payment plan coming along? But she still got her nails done and still got her hair done. Oh, Yeah. Yeah, Joe. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So can IJ can IJ Joe, listen, I appreciate that you told your girlfriend you were gonna call us. Yeah. But what was your gut reaction when she hit you with this idea? My gut reaction was, I'll be honest, I, I was like, okay, like, am I in a position to do so? Like, yes. Like yes. Can I, can I help her like that? Yes. But I, I, I just think like, like, just like, like character wise, I really feel like, you know, you know, you know, attacking debt is, you know, a character builder too.


And I, you know, I definitely want us to grow in that regard. I want her to take her finances serious too, as well. Joe. Joe, Joe, listen to me. Joe, Jade and I are on Team Joe. Okay. Why don't you stop spinning and just tell us how did you feel when she hit you with that? Did you wanna do it? Yes or no? I gotcha. I gotcha. No, no. I, All Right. There we go. There We go. I'm with you, Joe. And there's nothing wrong with that. Yeah. You're Not a, Nothing wrong with that. She, you know, I, I do have more questions just 'cause I want to know, and I, I want the people to also get a clear picture of this. You know, first off, we are not big on loaning money here, you know, to a friend, to a family member, somebody loaning money to you.


Debt in general is just, we're we're anti debt here. So now if you called and said, Hey, she's asking me if I can give her this money, that might be a different conversation. And you're like, I have it to give. And if I don't ever receive it back, it's no big deal. Like that might be a totally different conversation. But the aspect of loaning it, you're right, it does, it does put a different taste in your mouth and it's gonna make the whole relationship the power shifts. Yeah. Right. You become the, the lender and she becomes not the lender. I gotta ask a question, Joe. 'cause Jade's here, and I love getting the female perspective on this. Are you worried about her reaction if you tell her, because I think you called us to get us to go, well, this guy, this guy, and this gal said this.


And are you worried about what her reaction's gonna be if you tell her? No, Be honest, just a little bit. She, she can be. Yeah, no, no. She can be definitely emotional, you know, when it comes down to things like that Emotional, like crying or emotional, like, I'm gonna hit you with this cast iron pan, Maybe a sandal. I don't know about the cast iron, but you'd probably do something like that, A sandal. I love it. Yeah. But I think That's Important. Just like, yeah, yeah. No, no, it definitely is. I know like, she's not the type to like, swear up if you tell her No, but I, I just wanted to, yeah, I I just wanted to get like affirmation on that just to say like, you know, like, Hey, you know, I mean me being, the position I'm in is because I've listened to these.


Yeah, yeah. You know, I've listened to these people and you know, I really want to, you know, I'll call, like I'll call them and maybe they can give you some more clarity too, on my standpoint. Are You gonna marry her? That's my question. Oh yeah. That's, that's definitely, that's definitely the plan for sure. Okay. Does she know that? Yeah. Does she know that? I, I wouldn't say that's that. I mean, well, we've talked about it, but as far as like a timeframe on when we're gonna get married, that hasn't been, You know, alright, so here's the deal. So since you called us and I know where this is going, you need to give her a legitimate, legitimate explanation as to why we think what we think. And if you agree with us. So the reason that we wanna keep this separate is you two are not married right now, if you go down the courthouse tonight, and I'm not trying to get you to do that, but all of a sudden this debt becomes your debt.


But right now it's her debt. And, and the relationship needs boundaries. And this is because you believe in a healthy relationship. And, and so you need to explain to her that that is your debt, not my debt. And the minute that I give you money, it changes our relationship. And I don't want that 'cause I'm looking long term. I missed anything on that. I mean, I, I agree exactly with Ken. There's a protection for both of you, legal speaking, you know, when you become married. And so if nothing else, this is a great time to start that conversation of what, you know, the define the relationship. Now's the great time to start talking about that. And I think it will reassure her to say, you know, if the time comes and you agree that we should be married as I believe that we should be married, then I am happy to take on your debt.


It would never be alone. It would be us working together. And, you know, I look forward to that day, but unfortunately we're not there today. I have a question for you, Jade. And, and she's, she, this is for you Joe, but it's too Jade. I overthink everything. So the giant asterisk here is I overanalyze everything. Okay? Okay. My brain right now is going, if he says that, which you and I are on the same page, does she put pressure on him to, to, to, to get married? And does this fast forward a marriage proposal? Ooh, I'm a little nervous about That. I hope not. Do you see, what, what would you say he needs to guard himself with on This? I hope not. If you sense that, if you sense that now all of a sudden she's trying to, you know, rush you, then I think that could be a bit of a red flag.


That's good now, because that's what I'm looking out for. Now, let me then ask you this question. How long have you been dating? 'cause if you've been taking her for a ride for five years, then she might, right? No, It's been a year. It's been a year and a half. Okay. I, I mean, in my mind, now's a good time to start talking about it. If she does say, well, you know, Joe, I've been trying to get married for the past, you know, six months and you're the one stalling, like if she starts saying stuff like that, then you have to be open to the things that she's saying as well. At the end of the day, if you both want to be in a married relationship, make steps towards that. And then to Ken's point, that's when things become one French. We, we, that's what Dave RAMSEY would say. This is The Ramsey Show.


As an investor in a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news. Timothy Plan offers investments for people who wanna be intentional about where their money goes. As the pioneering force and biblically responsible investing, Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by four side fund services LLC.


Welcome To The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw joins me. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's go to Indianapolis, Indiana, where Zachary joins us. Zachary, How can we help today? Hi, how are you guys? We're doing great. What's going on? So I'll cut to the chase Monday. I lost my house in the house. Fire what, for at least four months. Yeah. Oh my Gosh. What do you, what do you mean? At least for four months. What was it total? It was, it was contained to one room, thankfully. But we had a lot of stuff in that room that the room is completely gone.


They have to completely gut it and reconstruct it, I guess. Okay. Nobody was hurt? No, the dog was inside but oh gosh. Thankfully they got him out. Okay. Okay. So Pup is okay. And when you say it's only one room, is that downstairs? Upstairs? What was in the room? It was our downstairs master bedroom. Oh no crap. We were actually supposed to sell the house four days prior. Well, four days after the fire had happened. Oh my gosh. But that's not happening anymore. Right. So thankfully like a lot of my stuff was packed up and ready to go. But like my wife's entire wardrobe Oh, everything like our, our our bed, our newborn son's bed and everything is Oh my gosh.


Early gone. Where were you guys when this happened? I was an hour away at work and my wife was at work. Oh my gosh. And that your newborn son, He was at grandparents. Oh my gosh. Thank goodness. But the rest of the house is okay. Yes. So my stepdad was driving by when it started to smoke really bad, so he caught it. So What happened? What caused the fire? Do they know? It was one of the outlets by our bed. They're not exactly sure, but they think maybe a wire came loose and like touched the insulation or something. Or a mouse shoot on it. Oh My. That is crazy. Well, I'm so glad everybody's Okay.


Well a couple of things to be grateful for obviously. Yeah, definitely. You guys weren't there, your wife was not there. Your baby son. The dog is okay. My goodness. And your Father-in-law's driving by. Yeah. And I love that. And again, grateful that it's just the room and four months from now you've got a rebuilt master. Now I know all of the other things that come with that are awful, but, but all things being equal, this is, you dodged a major, major crisis. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Definitely. Alright, so How can we help today? So we were planning on selling the house because my wife bought it before me and her were ever together. And it is a nightmare of a house, foundation issues and Everything else. Electrical issues.


Yeah. Yeah. So we were really wanting to get out of it. We were buying a new house closer to my parents and it's a lot nicer house. But Did you already make the offer? Probably, yeah, but we were doing a contingency buy. Got it. Okay, good. So we're probably gonna lose that house now that we have to wait another four months. Yeah, we have just started the 80 steps. We've got about $85,000 in consumer debt. Okay. We don't have much savings, especially after the fire now and then. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. What have you, what do you have? What have you been doing?


Yeah, We, we just started it. So we had the emergency fund, but now with the fire and stuff we The thousand dollars emergency fund or Yeah. Yeah, a thousand dollars. Okay. So here's what I think. So where are you staying right now? Right now we're at my parents'. Okay. You're at your parents'. You've blown through most of your a thousand dollars. What do you have left? Right now we've got, I wanna say, well she actually made an ex extra car payment, so, oh gosh. We're waiting for that to come back. But we'll have about 13 in our account, but we have bills and everything and I do a ton of driving for work, so I have to leave at least five to 600 in there for gas.


Okay. So, okay. Is insurance gonna cover the total rebuild or is there gonna be more cash you're gonna have to come up with Yeah, they're gonna cover it but they are kind of dragging their feet so. Right, okay. I think you're a little new to the baby steps and so I kind of wanna reset and get everything on on so that you and I are at least on the same footing kind of going forward. I hate that this happened to your house and I hate that you guys had a plan and this just threw wrenches all up in that plan. However, in one way, like Ken said, you dodged several bullets here and I'm gonna add another bullet to the list that I believe that you, that you dodged. Now looking at your financial situation, fire aside now was not the time for you guys to buy a house.


Yes, I agree. You know, I originally wanted to rent, but we live in a small town and leaving the town is not an option for us because of my wife's work and that's where our babysitting situation is located and they, there is no places to rent that. Would it be the same amount as what our mortgage was going to be. Okay. That has the space for two kids, us and a dog that allows dogs. There was one place that was available and we applied and we got denied because of our credit. And then, and then it went off the market like a week later. So, So, okay.


So to address that, unless you were going to, unless by selling this house, let's pretend the fire didn't happen for a minute, unless you're gonna have this, this huge amount of equity that was gonna allow you to get into the next house and pay off, you know, this debt or something like that. That would've been the only way it would've worked out. And if you had called us prior to that, I would've said you could just gotta keep looking, look for the right rental 'cause something will come on the market. That's what I would've said to you in that situation. But where you're at now is, okay, insurance is gonna cover the rebuild of the master bedroom. You know, you guys are in a place that, you know, hopefully you're not spending a whole lot staying with family, but you are gonna spend some, but you've still got, you know, you're still working so the income is coming in there, we've gotta prioritize this debt and yeah, that's gotta be the number one thing because technically Zachary, when you go to buy a house, you want all of your debt paid off, then you want to have saved up three to six months of expenses.


That's not talking about a down payment, that's just you having money, you know, when you move into this house and then it's like, okay, I need a down payment. So you guys were quite far from being there when you sold the house, what was it gonna bring? We were gonna get about 15,000 in equity and then my sister was also going to give a gift for a down payment as well to help us with that. Okay. And when you got that gift from your sister, what percentage wise was that gonna be towards your next down payment? We were gonna be using an FHA loan, but it was going to be roughly 12 to 15. Yeah. Yeah. I I, I think in many ways this was a blessing in disguise.


'cause I think you guys are about to get in way too deep. You always wanna make sure that you're putting at least 5% down on a house. You wanna make sure it's no more than 25% of your take home pay. These are the things you wanna make sure of. And going forward now is just not the time. And hopefully what I would do, what I would do for you guys, if the house that you're in is a nightmare, obviously there's electrical things that need to be fixed. Obviously there's other things, those are things that you might have to shell out some money to fix in the meantime because the solution and can we see it all the time? My car broke down, I'm just going to trade that in and trade up and get a new car with payments. Right? Right. Yeah. Because we don't have the $2,000 to fix it. So we get a $20,000 car. Right. Right. And the worst, I said this to Dave on Friday, the worst thing is, and I'm not saying that this is you, but you buy $500,000 house, but the AC breaks and you don't have $5,000 to fix it, right?


That's right. Yeah. Happens all the time. So push, push, pause on home buying, it's not the time. Yeah. Rebuild, get your life back on, on, on track. Get the things fixed in the home that's gonna make it a safe place for you to live. And that's Right. And hey, let's look at the positive on this. I think Jade's right? And I think I'm gonna give you just a little bit of a, I think hopefully a little mindset hack here. You know, you get a new master bedroom, hey, you know, in the sense of, you know, did you lose some stuff? Yes. That stinks. She lost her wardrobe. That's awful. Yeah. All those things are just awful. But baby safe, dog safe. You're safe. You know what, you had a really old master bedroom, now you get a new master bedroom. And I, I, I like Jade's pressing pause right here and just kind of going, you know what?


Life just threw us a curve ball. But what, let's hit the curve. Yeah, yeah. You know, like I know I, you know, I'm, I'm stuck in this baseball a metaphor, but stay with me. You know, curve balls are meant to strike people out. Come on. But lemme tell you something. Really good hitters know how to hit a curve. And if you hang a curve, these people put it out of the park, they smash it. And I think right now, I think through the coaching you just got from Coach Jade over here, I think you guys can take this, this curve ball that life threw at you and you absolutely hit a grand slam and come out of this thing way better off. So please listen to what she said. I I think she's absolutely right. And I think you guys got a second chance. Not fun.


Not fun how you got it, but nonetheless, a second chance. So there you go. Alright, don't move. She's Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman, we're here for you. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family Term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6.


The Ramsey Show continues. Thrilled to have you with us. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside, The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Let's go to Nicole who joins us in Memphis. Nicole, How can we help today? Hey, I was just trying to see if you guys could help me do the mess that I'm in. I don't know if I'm cursed or what, but I'm in a lot of debt and I'm a single mom and I'm be close to retirement age shortly and I just, I, I don't know what to do. Okay. How old are you? I'm 46. Okay. And what's going on?


Tell us some more details. Okay, so last year my goal was to own a home and I know about debt to income ratio and my highest debt, but would've been my car note, which was 772. Long story short, with that I end up making a bad deal end up at six 15 still, but no gap insurance since then, the job that I had, I have now lost. I have a new job, but it's $3,800 less. That's a lot. It Is per month less. Yes. And I'm struggling right now.


I'm close to eviction. I'm about to, I'm close to about to lose my car. So tell me, I, tell me what you're making now. I'm, I'm averaging about 12 to 1400 a month. Barely making it. Oh man. Yeah. Okay. 12 to 1400. Tell us what your rent is. My rent right now is nine 80, but it's behind and I'm close to eviction. So it's, it's about 2,700 plus a three 50 fee. Yeah. For their attorney fees. It's crazy. What do You do for a living? I'm a barber. And before that, when you were making the 3,800 more, what were you doing? I was still a barber.


I was working at another barber shop and I was let go. What was the difference? Is it just the way that they do it and they weren't, the old place was sending more clients your way? Tell us. I had more, yeah, I had more clients. I was still on the low end. I was still on the low end, but I was, was still making, I was making weekly pay. This is only every two weeks and I'm averaging about 500 every two weeks or a little over. And is it just the salary you get or is it based on the number of heads you do? It's, so it's basically 50 50% commission or $12 an hour, whichever the greater of the two. Okay.


So yeah. Okay. The, the problem, the glaring issue here is the income. And this can't go on. No, because my, my thought here is if it's 50% commission or your, your base pay, then that means you're not making the commission, which means there's not enough people coming through, which means es Right. Essentially you're kind of standing there like waiting for something to do. Right. Are you spending a lot of your day right. Kind of standing around waiting, Right? Yeah. So what I did was, what I was doing the first, when I first started there, I was like, this makes no sense. I can do lift fraud, right? Yeah. To make up the short. But now my car is breaking down and it's still not enough lift, lift rides sometimes are not as great as it was when I started.


Right. So it, so it's, it's, it's not, it's it's not coming in. And I tried to get an been applying for other jobs, like what? Nothing is coming through. Like I'm great at customer service and things like that. I love barbering. Okay. But I, I really do love it. But I was trying to get an additional job, like work at Amazon at night. Yeah. And it's hard to work at Amazon at night. See, six years ago I lost one of my kids. Oh. And my other children were there. And so what's happening is I have to kind of be at home with my younger daughter because she's still in the repercussions of all of that. Yeah. She's got a lot of mental issues, you know, going on trauma stuff we've got, we've gone through.


So I can't really leave her. Here's what I, At night and it's hard. And that's the other reason why I've also lost jobs because I have to stop and go to school. And it's heartbreaking. I really wish that I could get a job that was financially stable where I could be at my child's disposal. Yeah. You know, I just put one through college. I just dropped her off at MTSU and thank god she had a lot of scholarships, but I still have to pay a small amount for the next three months. That's Right. I Don't know where it's gonna come from. So. Well Let's, let's look at this. Let's look at this. Okay. You love barbering, but right now barbering is not making you money and for sure for certain. I feel like you could go on. What do you do? Are you a braider?


Do you do sewings? What do you do? No, I don't, I don't do that part anymore. I can do women's hair but I, I love, I love cutting men hair. Oh, okay, okay. Okay. So here's the thing. I think barbering goes on the shelf for now 'cause it's not making you money. Maybe you do it on the side and that's your side hustle, but it's not your main core income right now I want you to get a full-time day job. Go over to Target, go over to Walmart, go over to Wendy's, go over to Chick-fil-A. Anything today. 'cause you gotta make a little bit more than what you're making now. And then make barbering the thing that you do on the side on the weekends, early in the morning. If nighttimes don't work for you, that, that's the only way. Okay. Here's the thing. The good news is you were earning a salary that was making your life run and making your household run.


So you know you can do it. It's just a matter of Right. Filling in the puzzle to make sure we're putting the right pieces in to get that. I, let's talk about the car. So the car is not running, that's the only vehicle, correct? Yeah, it's running but it's, it needs work. Okay. How, what, what year is it and what's it worth and what do you owe on it? It's A 20, it's a 2022 Volkswagen Tiguan. Ugh. I owe about 29,000 since it went up. I was at 26, but since I refinanced it's back up to 29 K. Oh gosh. Okay. And what's it worth? Nothing. Probably not right now. Okay. I want you to go, your homework is to go on Kelly Blue book and see what is it worth? Private sale.


You're probably gonna be upside down on it. Possibly substantially. Yeah. 'cause I don't know what all you've done with this thing, but we may need to get outta this vehicle because it's costing you what, $600 a month? It's, it's costing me six 15 a month. Yes ma'am. Oh my Gosh. Okay. So yeah, we're gonna have to sell this car eventually and probably what you're gonna end up doing. Kenneth, if you have a minute, if you look this thing up, maybe you can give me a, a ballpark on it. But by the time we get off this call, maybe we can give you a ballpark on it. But if I were you to get out of that 30,000, what other debt do you have? I have a $8,000 signature loan. Okay. I have some student loans, which I gotta try to figure out how to get back because I was in a settlement and for some reason Part of the settlement.


Just, just tell me how much they are for the sake of the call. It's like 6,000, $60,000 60,000 And put back on. Yes, it's 60 K. Okay. And they're federal. It's not supposed to be on there. They're federal. They're federal loans. Yeah, it was, it was one in a settlement that they were supposed to take that off. Oh. Because the institution is not, is no longer with us. Yes It is. Not. They've come back but it's gone through a lot of stuff. They, they've been in the news and everything. How much of the 60 k is that settlement? All of it. All of it. Okay. So you're gonna have to do some due diligence on that and figure out what's going on with that.


Because 60,000 is not a lot that you want to lolly gag with. Okay. What else there? Anything besides that? No, just a $400 credit card that I, that I was paying On. Alright, so this is an income issue. Other than that, nothing. And by the way yeah, we're running short on time. Let's get her a session with one of our financial coaches as our gift. 'cause there's a lot to, to layer through here. But Nicole, you, you have got to come up with a situation with your daughter, friends and family. This is, it takes a village. I'm not betting against a single mama. I know you can find a way to get some care for your daughter's power. It's hard. It's really hard. I know, I know it is sweetheart. And but I'm telling you, I'm not betting against you.


But you've gotta get some help with your daughter. She's been through a lot. You've gotta get some people around you who can be with her, which We're in therapy, but it's not a lot. I mean it's not a lot of help. I just, I know but listen, I'm talking about people around you in your community. Okay? You have got to say I need some help because you've got an income issue and the more you work, if you were to get back up to $3,800 a month, Jade, she can work her way out of this 100%. And so Nicole, all I'm saying is we're gonna get you with one of our financial coaches who's gonna walk, spend more time with you. Yeah, but listen, okay. You've gotta get more income today and you've gotta get a community around you who say, you say, look, I need help with my daughter who's still going through this trauma over here.


I need some support 'cause I'm mama bear and I gotta go make some money. And the more money I make with our financial coach and and we're gonna give you all the resources by the way, so Christian, okay? If she needs total money, makeover EveryDollar. Give her everything. Give her everything we got. Christian's gonna take great care of You. And listen, if you don't thank you. I don't know if you go to church or not. I want you stepping foot inside of a church this Sunday. I don't care what you believe. You need people around you who want to help you and love on you. And they will do just that. Yeah. We're gonna walk with you Nicole. You're not on your own, but go get some income and watch this thing. Turn around, hang on the line. We're gonna take care of you. This is The Ramsey Show.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my field of greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable infield of greens was doctor selected for specific health benefit, heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water. And here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass, but it tastes great. And only field of greens makes this promise Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's field of greens.com/ RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled that you're with us. I'm Ken Colema, Jade Warshaw is with me as well. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Taking your money questions and your work related or income questions. To that end, the get clear assessment, a tool that was privileged to create few years ago. It's helped hundreds of thousands of people and just wrote a new book called Find the Work You're Wired to Do. Came out a little earlier this year and it includes the get clear assessment. So what does the assessment do? Well it answers four really big questions. Who am I? What's my unique wiring? And we're talking about in the context of work, why am I wired that way? What do I want to do professionally and how do I get there? And that's what these two tools combined do for you. You're gonna spend about a third of your life at work and I just believe with everything in my being that you shouldn't spend it just doing something that you're okay at or that you're good at but you don't enjoy that doesn't produce a result that motivates you. So you can get the book, find the work you're wired to do and it comes with the assessment to get clear assessment. You can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or you can click the link in the description of the show if you're listening via YouTube and podcast.


Alright, to Susan is where we're gonna go. She is in Dallas, Texas. Susan, How can we help? Hi, I just went through a divorce or finalized it recently. It took a while and I've been a stay at home mom during my entire marriage for the past 14 years. Anyway, I got what I consider a pretty good amount of money and I'm just curious, I don't really know what to do with it. I let my ex-husband handle every single bit of finances. I never knew how much money we had or anything. So How much are you getting? Well, there's a couple components to it. I got a check for 1.1 million.


Okay. I got a 401k for 715,000. Okay. And then $15,000 per month for the next seven years. Okay. How old are you? I'm 40. Okay, so you've got a guaranteed income for, for the next seven years. That's nice. Okay. Okay, great. So tell me your question. Okay, so my question is, I'm completely debt free. I also don't own a home because I just got divorced. Okay, So you need a place to live, Right? I'm renting right now, which is $3,600 a month, which I feel like is really expensive.


But it Is. It's also all the bills paid. So my question I guess is I've got like $95,000 and a high yield savings account. I started a, a Roth IRA, I'm like totally, I know nothing about finance. So I've just been trying to learn just in the last month or so. Anyway, my question basically is a, can I live like with, can I live off of part of this money, like off of the monthly income or do I need to get a significant job? Well the good news is, the good news is, is you do have a monthly income for the next seven years.


So you've got some time to reinvent yourself and figure out what you want to do with life. And if I were you, obviously you don't need $15,000 per month to figure out what do I need, what's a, what's a fair budget for me? Maybe it's $7,000 a month and then you take the rest and you're, you invest it every single month, right? So, okay, that's thing one. You've been bought time to figure out a career path for you. And I'm gonna toss it to Ken in a moment for that. But let's talk about the rest of the income that that you have. So let's say just for, just to keep it simple, let's say you invest half of what you're getting every single month for the next seven years. So around seven and a half, okay. Thousand dollars or seven and a half thousand dollars.


And then you've got 1.1 million, that's a check, right? Yes, yes. And I didn't know what to do with that. So I just put it in a money market account 'cause I didn't even know how to deposit that. Great. I, I think that's a good place to start. What I want my homework for you is I want you to start learning about investing. I want you to start understanding, okay, I know husband, ex-husband used to do it, but it's now time for you to start learning because the time is going to come where you're gonna need to invest this and you're gonna wanna understand it. You don't want to just hand a check for, for $1.1 million over to anybody and say, here, you handle this. You're gonna wanna say, okay, I get it. And a great place to start is here. You know, here at RAMSEY we do teach that investing is a better place for you to build long-term wealth than a money market account or a high yield savings account simply because of rate of return.


Right? If you invest that money, you'll get a higher compound interest rate of return on that. So it'll grow faster. And so I would tell you to get hooked up with a smart investor pro, they're gonna have the heart of a teacher and they're gonna be able to teach you about this. And that's the key thing. Okay? Tell them I don't wanna invest anything yet, I just wanna learn. Right? Okay. And they're gonna ultimately have you invested in a way that's four different types. We're spreading it out. It's not gonna be high risk, it's not gonna be just in a set of stocks, but I want you to understand that. So when the time comes, we are investing that check, but in the meantime we're getting with a smart ster pro to teach us. And then as far as the $715,000 401k, yeah, leave it, let it grow.


You're probably probably gonna have to do a direct transfer rollover into a, an ira. And so the smart Vester Pro is going to help you do that. And then for you now it's all about career and what you're going to do with your life because you're super young. I got a couple quick questions on the money first. So the 715,000, how old are you? I'm 40. Oh my gosh. It's gonna be so much money. So so The seven 15 that, that is in the 401k and that then that, that's your, that is going to be a lot of money. What is that gonna be in 30 years? Okay. Did you tell me you're 40 now? Yeah, she's 40. Okay, so let's just say you retire, I don't know, let's say 65. Does that sound good?


Okay. Okay. Let's say you add nothing to it. That right there is gonna be $8 million. Holy cow. Yeah. Just Not touching it. The Reason I went to that, Susan is because on this work thing I, this, this may or may not be a thing. Now how old are the kids? They're 14 and 11. Okay. My other thing is can I buy a house? Like Yes. Yes. I was gonna say that I was working That. And which money do I use? Do I use, I Would take the would the 1.1 the check, the 1.1 check is, is what you need to do. Plus you already have 95,000 in another savings account. So I was gonna ask you, what is a modest house in a nice area? What is a house price?


You know, your area for you and the kiddos, what does that look like? What's the, what's the money on That? I mean, right now there's like nothing to buy. I've been looking, I mean there's a, a nice home for 500,000 that, okay, so I mean it's an That we need, let's just, let's just use that as an example. Okay? Okay. So if I'm you and, and then I'm gonna pay cash for the house because right now you're paying $3,600 a month in rent. Yeah. Right? So you take just little bit less than half of the 1.1 and you've gotta pay for a house. Now that monthly budget, which I'm using is the 15,000 you're getting in the settlement Right Now that 3,600 was coming outta the 15 k, it's not anymore.


Right. And your utilities and things like that are gonna be nothing. You still got the two kiddos in school. So, so I would come up with the EveryDollar budget and, and and budget off of the 15. And I would do the, the some type of an investment strategy based on what a smart investor pro tells you. Because Jade already proved to you, you don't have to put another penny. And I'm not saying not to, but I'm guessing you'll be fine. I'm guessing their investment strategy is gonna be, you're gonna diversify some stuff because right now you are more than fine Susan. Like you're going to be very, very wealthy and based on just the 401k and what it does over time. So for me, if I were you, I I would take my time.


You just came out of this divorce, you've just settled. I'm fine with you renting for a little bit longer. You're saying the market right now is not a lot on the market. Let's see what happens after this presidential election. The point is grieve stay cool the 3,600. Yeah. While it's a little expensive, it's not even phasing you. I would take my time, I'd buy a nice house cash and now you still have over half a million dollars to invest and When you invest it, you're probably gonna look for something that's non-retirement. Something that you can get to sooner that's in some sort of a bridge account so that you can access it. Well that's what I, you know, before you're Six I I agree with that. You know what I'm saying? And that's, that should be the advice that after My seven years Yeah. Yeah. But for seven years, my goodness. But here's the deal, you're gonna have some margin in that monthly as well.


That's $180,000 a year for the next seven years. Yeah, you're good. So from a standpoint of work, hang on the line, we'll give you you the, the, the book find the work you're wire to do in the get clear assessment it. But that is a relaxed like what would I do? Yeah. If I didn't have to work, which by the way you don't have To. You don't have to. I was just talking purpose. Yeah. So sorry we're running out of time. Susan, hang on the line, we'll get that to you. But thank you for the call. You're gonna be in good shape. This is The Ramsey Show.


When you go through a job loss or job change and lose your employer sponsored health insurance, there's no better time to try Christian Healthcare Ministries. That's right. There's another option besides Cobra, to take care of your family during that time. Because if you didn't know, the cost of Cobra has gone up a lot in the past few years. And CHM is an affordable biblically based alternative to health insurance. So do your own research. The CHM is a great option. That's potentially a third of the price of Cobra. It's a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And the support you get from CHM goes beyond helping you pay for medical bills. Members become part of a family that prays for them when they have a medical event. Try getting that with Cobra. So if you're going through a job loss life change or just wanna explore other options to save on healthcare, CHM might be perfect for you. CH M programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget


From the Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw next to me is one of my favorite guys out there. Ken Coleman. Hello everybody hosting the show together. Hey, we're talking about your life, your money. We'll throw in careers. Ken is the resident career guide. I will help you with the money. You might have some relationship issues, you can toss those in as well. The number's (888) 825-5225. Call us up, we'll get you on the line. Let's dig right in. We've got Tyler, he's in Charlotte, North Carolina. What's going on Tyler? Hey, how are y'all? We're doing good. How can we help today? So I have about two and a half million in debt between mortgages, short term, different car loans, stuff like that.


I'm aggressively paying off kind of all the, all the debt except for the mortgages currently. Okay. And I'm just trying to see and that I should have that done in about a year to a year and a half based on the way I it set up. And I'm just trying to see if I should make bigger changes and try to attack everything a little bit more aggressively and get it paid off sooner. Yeah. Or I could, let's roll it back. Try and continue the way I'm going. Roll. Let's roll back and see where this lies. 'cause when you first tell me I have two and a half million dollars of debt, my, my, my pulse quickens. But then when you mentioned real estate, I thought, okay, that makes this a little different. So tell me about the real estate. Can you just go by property? By property and I'll ask you about each one.


So the first property you have, is it a rental? I'm guessing? Yeah, it's a first one was a duplex. Okay. It's worth about 260,000. I have about 158,000 on it. So it must 1300. Yeah. Okay. Must have been about 1300 incomes about 2150. Okay. So let's go to the next one. Single family 270,000 asset value debt. About 159 payment. A thousand income 7 50, 17 50. Okay. And the next one Worth about three 10 debt. 200,000 payments.


1481 income. 2200. Okay. Is there more? Yeah, another single family that one we're actually actively trying to sell we have on Airbnb currently is worth about 540. Okay. Debt? Four 60 payment. 3,600 in income. About the same. I think after everything said and done, we'll probably losing about 500 a month on that one. Okay. Anything after that? Number five? Yeah, we have a, we have a duplex value. 360,000 debt. 205 payments. About 1460 income. 2,800. Okay. Anything else you wanna keep going on?


Yeah, there's quite a few more. There's a, Oh gosh. Okay. Well instead of going through these here, here's what I would do if I were in your situation. I don't like that you're carrying 200, two and a half million dollars of debt and I, I love that you love real estate and I love that you wanna get into real estate here. We would teach a way to do that that's in cash. And it would be you paying off your debt first and saving up to buy cash. You're, you've gone far beyond that. And it is true that some of these may be good investments for you, but not at the tune of you being in two and a half million dollars of debt. So what I would do if I were in your shoes is I'd list them all out and I'd say, which ones can I sell off in order to clear this debt out?


And are there a few that in the end that I'll be able to keep that do, you know, create some income for me? 'cause how many do you have total? It's 18 units total. But we have Mortgages. How many mortgages? 7, 8, 9, 10. Nine. Okay. Mortgage discount on the personal property. Okay. One that's paid off Or flipping. So yeah, what I would do is try to get right side up on this and figure out which ones can I sell that are gonna bring the right amount of profit in order for me to clear out this debt. Have you sat down to kind of figure that out yet? Well, the problem with, with doing, I mean I've thought about that in the past, but being that pretty much every one of these are make a pretty good income after, after the debt, when I factor in selling them off to pay off the other ones, it reduces the income pretty substantially.


Is this your only income? It's not as much income as you think your margins per house are actually not impressive. And I'm not saying that to be unkind. I'm saying that because I agree with Jade and I think the best play here is to actually get rid of the duplexes. I sell the duplexes today. Those are just bad investments in my opinion. But I, but the point is, I think Jade's right, you can still come out of this thing on top. You got enough equity in these homes just as you were listing through these that if you sell X amount, so I would take, I'm making this up. Let's say you got eight properties. I'd take the best four. I'd start there and go, what are the absolute best four properties? If you're looking long term Tyler, and I think you probably know some of these are better than others.


True or false. Okay. So once you've paid those off, Jay told you, now it's straight profit. But on some of these you were listing, you're like, well my mortgage is a thousand, I'm making 1750, that's $750 gross times 12, that's about 10 grand, a little over 10 grand. And that's actually gross. That's after your expenses and taking care of things. All I'm saying is, is that you're gonna be better off with Jade's plan 'cause now you're actually making a sizable chunk and you don't own any debt and you have no risk. I'd get out of this now, I mean the truth, the truth what, what, what Ken is saying is right on, and I don't say this to be condescending in any way, but the truth is, revenue minus expenses equals profit.


And you're in debt, you're in the red because you owe two and a half million. It would be very different if you were carrying all these properties and you're like, Jade, I've got, and don't get me wrong, I'm not saying I'd be a proponent to this, but if you're like, Hey, I'm carrying all this debt, but because of the way it's cash flowing, I'm in the green two and two and a half million, but you're in the red, right? So these are not good investments for you. What signals a good and healthy business is profit. And so what you're saying, you're cash flowing, it's not actually profit, it is ex it is. What really should be happening is you need to be filtering back then in that end to pay off the debt. And so for that reason, I, yeah, what Ken said, what I said before is your way out of this, I want you in the green and I want you doing deals that that end with a net profit.


And that's not what's taking place here. Could Four of these pay off the other four? Just gut check real quick. Well, I have, so there's two, well if I, if I take my personal property outta here, that reduces it down to about 1.75 million in mortgages. Okay. And then the, the value would be somewhere around 2.7 million. Yeah. See, So we have about million dollars in, Man. Okay, so let me paint a different picture for you. Let's just real numbers. Okay. Let's say that you now have a million dollars, a million dollars and, and now you're paying off your personal home, no debt in your life at all.


And now you get real cash flow plus cash. Why is that not the better play in your mind? Zero risk. Yeah. And your place is paid. Yeah. Like yeah. I'm Is that not a better vision if you don't Agree? Yeah, I would just, yeah, I mean you Just have to, what you're acting like this is impossible. Well The thing is, we crumbled, we just crumbled your empire. Like I, I sense that. Yeah. You know, you have, you've acquired this over time. Yeah. But those Four are gonna spit off how much, that's what I'm trying to get you to. Let's say you were left with four houses, you got cash, plus they're spitting off, you know, the four left are gonna spit off what, how much per month? I would've to see which one's the run Those numbers Here.


But if I, yeah, yeah. I mean, just off the top of my head, we're probably looking at, like, if I just say three that equal up close to that, it'd probably be somewhere around, I don't know, 6,000 or so. Okay. But that's real money now. That's, yes. That's 72 grand in the clear, not paying any debt. You'll have some expenses on that. Yeah. The the truth is, Ken is right. If there's anything good about any of these investments, you should be able to sell off some of them, pocket some cash, get your residents paid for, and keep some of the properties. That's, that's, yeah, that's what should be happening here. If for some reason you can't sell these to clear the debt, then something really is wrong. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts, and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work, or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite, and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


If you're a small business owner and you feel burned out, then you've got to join us at EntreLeadership Summit. This May 18 through 21. This leadership conference will Refuel you With fresh vision and connect you to like-minded leaders so you can take your business to the next level. But you better hurry 'cause we're running outta seats. We've got less than 200 seats left. If you wanna join us in Denver, Colorado, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash summit right now. Or if you're listening on YouTube or podcast, just click the link in the description.


All Right. Who needs some help out there? You're just going, I'm, I'm not where I wanna be. I'm not where I wanna be with my money. I'm not where I want to be in my relationships. I'm not where I wanna be in my professional journey. If that's you, no shame in your game, number one. And number two, we'd love to help. We being Jade Warshaw, my colleague, co-host and friend. And I'm Ken Coleman. We RAMSEY personalities, and we're here for you. This is a, this is a listener of viewer show. We are here for you. We take your questions. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8, 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's go to Detroit now. Kendall is there. Kendall, How can we help? Hi, nice to talk with you today.


You too. What's going on? So I just graduated medical school about a half a year ago. Congratulations. Congratulations. Hey, congrats. Yeah, Thank you. So I have about three and a half years left. Obviously, residency salary is about 60,000. I have about 220 in student debt, but no other debt in my life. So my plan is like, you know, I can't pay off my debt while I'm a resident. I don't make enough. But when I graduate, I was gonna live off of like 40,000 pay off my debt in two years. Yeah. But my question is, I don't have like any money saved for retirement. And I'll be 33 when I start making six figures. So should I prioritize paying off my debt or should I start saving more for retirement?


Well, Jade's gonna help you on that, but I'm just real curious, what do you think that starting salary is and what do you think the range is? Maybe in the first couple years? Two 70 to 300 most likely. Oh, Jade, You could do something with that, can't you, coach? Listen, I'm excited for you. Thank you. You know, I'm very excited too. You know, you should be. I'm, I'm, I'm excited for you. You know, you've got this big milestone, you know, coming up. You've got three and a half years left of med school, so that's, that's cool. So luckily you came out of this with only 20,000 of student loans. Can I just quickly ask, oh, sorry, sorry. Two. Oh no, 2, 2, 2 20. What? Yeah, two 20. I caught that one. Woo.


Listen, I'm glad I asked. 'cause I was like, how in the world did you do that? All Right, so you've got two 20 of student loans, nothing else, right? Yes. Nothing else. Okay. And we've got a couple more years of 60,000 salary. 60 to 80? Yeah. Or just 60. Yeah, like 60 to 70 probably. Okay. Yeah. I I'm with you. They're not gonna become due until after you graduate. Right? And then you've got, well, are they gonna be, does it, does residency count for that or is it separate? So they're on, I'm on an income based repayment plan and also the safe plan. So, okay. Like typically they gain a thousand dollars a month of interest, but the, those, those two plans allow me to pay 2 33 and the government ca pays the rest of the interest.


So they're not gonna grow in residency, and I only have to pay 2 33 a month, but when I graduate, that'll change. Okay. Okay. Got it. You know, I would try to pay as much as you can with the salary that you have. I mean, that's all that you can do. But what I really wanna address is the fact that you said that you're only 33 years old and you'll be 33 when it's time to retire or when it's time to start saving for retirement. And you don't wanna be behind. And I, whenever I hear that, I kind of just want to let people know, like I've been there and, you know, when my husband and I were paying off our student loan debt, which was about 280,000, you know, we didn't finish that until we were around your age 33 pregnant with my, my son.


And we hadn't started investing at all and kind of want you to understand that you're going to be okay. So let's just pretend I, I love doing the investment calculator. So let's, let's just play around here. How, how old are you? Can I ask? Yeah. I'm 29 right now. Oh my goodness. You're 29. So let's just say, I'm gonna plug this in. We have a really cool investment calculator, and I'm just gonna say, let's pretend you're 29 years old now, let's pretend that you plan to retire at age 62. Let's just say that. And you have zero in retirement now, right? And let's just say, because you're, let's say because you're saving for a home, you're not investing the whole 15% that we would advise when the time comes.


So let's say you're investing 10%, so $2,700 a month. Fair? Are you tracking with me? Yep. Okay, so we're doing 2,700. I'm plugging that in and let's just be very conservative and say an 8% annualized rate of return. Let's calculate that and see what that'll be. So when the time comes, you'll have over $5 million. Oh, okay. $5 million. Yeah, that's a lot. Yeah, I think you're gonna be All Right. Never, never thought. Yeah, I think you're gonna be just fine. So that's, oh yeah. That, that's what I want you to leave here with is, All Right, it's not too late.


I've got time. I'm wor you know, I'm doing the MD thing, I'm paying as much as I can. Once I hit this salary, I'll be able to knock out whatever remains. I'll save up three to six months of expenses and baby step three. And by then, like I said, you might be wanting to save for a down payment too. And that's baby step three B. And that comes before you start investing. So you've got time, and you might start to do baby step three B and baby step four, which is investing 15% at the same time. Whatever you choose there, you're gonna be fine. $5 million. That makes me sleep a lot better at night, Kendall. Yeah. And, And those numbers. And, and by the way, Kendall, those numbers are gonna be way bigger than that. She was just going real conservative here, because You, that's, if you never make any more money, like you, you're gonna pay off Your, Your starting salary, What, two years you pay off your debt, then you got your emergency fund after that, you save for a house.


Let's just say you don't start investing until 36. Again, not an issue because of the amount of money that your 15% represents and the compound interest is insane. Okay? So you don't have to worry about that. That's the point. I don't, that's the whole thing that you called about. You're not too late, you aren't gonna be destitute, you're gonna be very, very wealthy. Is it just you Kendall, Right now? It's just me. I'm still, I'm still figuring that out. Yeah. Yeah. But so that's a great point, Jade. Yeah. That doesn't take into account a double income. Oh, by the way, you know what else? It doesn't take into account all the money you're gonna make on a house. 'cause you're gonna put a really big chunk down and you're gonna pay it off.


And So yeah, you're gonna have to pay for a house when you retire as well. I, I gotta tell you, Kendall, I'll be shocked if you don't do what we tell you to do if you're not in the 10 million range by the time you're 65. Be shocked. That's incredible. I'm Not making that up. Am I? Security? Yeah. I, I don't think that's a stretch. No, I don't think that's a stretch. You know, so, so you've got this. You got it. Thank you. Yeah, I really appreciate it. Yeah. Follow The plant. Hey, do you have any of our products? You got any books or anything that you kinda lean on? I don't. My sister went through your program and she normally just like talks to me about all of this kind of stuff, but I don't have any, I wanna give you something. Jade, let's give her something to kind of cement this so that she can see the process for sure.


Total Money makeover. Yeah, total money makeover. And hey, I want you to head to EveryDollar dot com slash jade and I want you to pick up EveryDollar Premium and it, it'll give you $15 off. And what I love about EveryDollar Premium is you can kind of, the same way that I plugged in your numbers, gave you that snapshot of what your investing future could look like. We've got a financial roadmap planner on there that you can plug in all sorts of numbers to figure out where you wanna be and where you're going to meet certain milestones. So you can plug in numbers to figure out how long it would take you to save three to six months of expenses, or how long it would take you to save up for a home, those sorts of things. So we'll make sure you have that. And I think she's all Set. Yeah, Kendall, you're a rockstar. Okay, Jade, we got about a minute here.


We've got new people coming in all the time. So I think it's really good to revisit what is a really sensible question. Yes. And that is, I've got all this debt and if it takes me six years or five years or four years to pay it off, I'm so far behind the eight ball in investing. Why do we teach that? The way we do that, we clear debt first before we invest. Explain that to newcomers who might still be going, ah, really, I mean, there's a lot of reasons, a lot of good reasons. The first reason is your income is your biggest wealth building tool. Like that's a Dave RAMSEY classic quote right there. You need your income available in order to be able to invest it. And for most of us, we're living paycheck to paycheck.


Like we don't have any money left at the end of the month. But after we've paid our bills, our car note, we've got groceries, we paid the kids' daycare. Most of us don't feel like we have that breathing room because we have so many debts and bills. So the first step is to clear that out so you get your money back in your budget, and then you save up three to six months. Because if you don't save first and you start investing right away, if an emergency comes, you start pulling from your retirement. Or you start using credit cards and you go back into debt. So you pay off the debt, you build up the savings, and then, and only then we start investing. And that's the way it works. If you start doing it outta order, you start messing yourself up, Ken. And you Just proved it. Once you start that investing compound interest becomes your best pal.


Woo. And so it can work. You're not too late. Trust the process. It works. We're so glad you've joined us. She's Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. This is The Ramsey Show. We


All Right Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. So why, why is that? Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric. Yes. Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. You know, that's why we're partnering with them because they're, they're, they've got a scope to be able to handle the RAMSEY audience and they're the right kind of people with the right kind of values. And they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. So again, you guys, I know it can be a pain to switch banks or to open up new accounts, but fairwinds again, they make it so easy. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app, and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you Guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry in slow motion than file your taxes, but thankfully you don't have to dread filing. When you've got Ramsey Smart Tax, it comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus, with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show where we talk to you about you, your money, your work, your relationships is our goal. We want you to win in all three. I'm Ken Coleman, Jade Warshaw is with me. And The phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 time. Excuse me. Try not to say too many things at once when you're live on the air, sometimes it's, It's tough. Sometimes Every once in a while I get on a roll a little too fast.


It is time for today's question of the day brought to you by why refi. Now we do not recommend refinancing on everything, but for distressed private student loans, there is why refi we trust. Why refi? Because they help you with a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else. And it's gonna help you stick to your budget and get outta debt. Learn more@yrefi.com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


All Right. Today's question comes from Ken in Mississippi, My man. All Right. He says, I had a work performance evaluation after being at my current company for six months. I got nothing but atta boys and received no criticism for the job I'm doing. Then they offered me a 50 cent raise per hour. I just wanted to know how you guys felt about that after a performance review of nothing but great feedback. Am I being selfish or should I just accept it for what it is and hope for better compensation next time? Well, Ken, you are being selfish. But selfish in this particular interpretation. Jade is not bad. No. You gotta look out For yourself. I'm not that. Thank you.


Thank you for picking that up. Of course, that word selfish gets a really negative thing. But when it comes to your money, nobody's looking. Your compensation. You are, you are your agent, you are your manager. That's right. This is your livelihood. So all of the feels Yeah. Around this scenario are what I would call absolutely normal. Dare I say healthy. That's good. In other words, he gets a good review. He's sitting there and he's getting all positive at a boy. And then they go, I love how you, I love how you dramatized it. Even in the question, it was like, I think she was in a few dramas in in plays when she was in school. And, and so in this situation, Jade, it's a, it's a, it's a shot to the chest.


50 cents that, yeah. I, I'm gonna tell you something. If you don't feel something when you get a 50, it's little insulting. It's a little insulting, Then something's wrong with you. Yeah. And so I would say, Ken, you are being what I would call properly selfish in recognizing real feelings that should feel that way. 'cause I'm objective. I have no skin in this. And I would feel that way. Yeah. If I put myself in your shoes. So now let's get to the, the second part of this. Should you accept it? I don't know, because here's what I would be asking. And so I'm gonna play your agent. Okay. All Right. I'm gonna be your agent and then I'm gonna give it to my assistant agent over, if Jade and I are agenting for you, I'm gonna say, I wanna find out is that a normal raise?


The average in the United States, and this is not a law, but if you look at the numbers, annual raises usually fall between three and 4%. Again, no one's beholden to that number. 50 cent raise is really, really low. That's right. So the question becomes, Ken, why is it only 50 cents? Is the company struggling? Good question. You gotta ask that. That's a good question. And if the company struggling, we all gotta tighten the belt in our personal budgets. And so I'd wanna know why only 50 cents And dig into that. And, and then you have to decide from there. Okay. That's the now answer. But I wanna look at next is I don't wanna keep feeling this way. That's right. Because you keep showing up year after year and you feel this way, It's not good for you, It's not good for you thoughts.


Yeah, that's the thing. That's a good question, Ken. If you ask and say, Hey, what's going on? You know, I've done, I, I, I've done some research. I know the standard is company doing All Right. And it, let's say he says, well, you know, no, we're not da da dah, dah, dah. Then, then it's like, okay, well am I up for the ride of So Sticking out, sticking it out until the Last part of his question? Yeah. Should I hope for better compensation next time? No, brother. It's getting lower. It gets only going lower from here probably. So I Don't like hope when it comes to compensation. Yeah, yeah. Do you I love hope. And I think in this case, there's probably a lot more fish in the sea that have fatter pockets when it's time for Ooh, look At you in the mixed metaphors.


That was strong. Yeah. Fatter, fatter gills. We gotta find some fish with fatter gills. That's good. Truly Though, I I'm with you. I don't want hope in that. Yeah. I wanna put my hope in me and, and and the Lord. And action. I'm not gonna put hope in. Well, it was 50 cents this year. Well, Ken, talk about motivation. Gee, I hope they bump it to a buck 25 next year. Talk About the role that that sort of thing plays in the, in the motivation of the worker Worker. Okay. So if, if you feel de if you feel as though you've been devalued, it's a slippery slope to where you devalue yourself. That's good. That's what happens. That's very good. So you're saying he's gonna start, he would start doing things to throw himself.


What's wrong? Me? Yeah. Well, you start questioning, I'm only worth 50 cents. That's good. That's, that's tough stuff. That Is tough. But that's the real real. So anyway, sorry about that, Ken. I would be looking for greener pastures if it were me. I agree. But you know, again, and by the way, anybody in that situation, can I just say this very quickly? Get the, get clear assessment in the book. Find the work Your wire to do. It's one purchase price. Get the book and I'm gonna tell you something, lay it over. Take the results of the assessment. Read the book. It's a 45 minute read for this reason. Jaded, it'll help people go, where could I go? Yes. Where are my possibilities? I'm not stuck. I'm, this is not the only thing I can do.


Gosh, that's a, that's a really important theme for me is for people to see. I got options. Options. Even when you can't see 'em, I promise you, you have got options. So that book is really gonna infuse you with the confidence to know a hundred percent. It's not just that, that's not my only Yeah, I love that, Kim. Kim. It's about self-awareness. And by the way, on the other side of self-awareness is confidence. You cannot be confident if you aren't aware. That's true. So there you go. Just a quick, that's why, that's why I put that resource out. It's a fabulous little resource. So there you go. Alright. To the phones. We go. Ed is up in Columbia, South Carolina. Ed, How can we help? Hey Ken and Jay, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I just have a question about paying off a mortgage and until I wouldn't have made this call, I knew the answer in listening to your show and listening to Dave, but I, I was notified that my, my job is being downsized October 1st.


Oh Man. I'm sorry about that. Thank you. And, and, and the thing about it is, I still wanna pay off the house, but I'm concerned that I should leave the cash Yeah. In ca in case we need it. Give Jade the numbers real quick. Walk, walk her through the numbers. Okay. It's, what do you want me to walk you through? The mortgage? Okay. Tell me much. How much is the payoff? Yeah. Okay. Our payoff is 113,000. The house is worth 400,000. Okay. And my wife and I in the last two years have saved 190,000 in our savings. Okay. What of that is your emergency fund? It's not, I don't, I don't, well, if I was gonna take the emergency fund out of that, it would be 50,000. Okay. Okay. So, so it's 140, you got 140 up for grabs.


Yep. And that leaves you with 50 K there. Typically what we would say in a time like this where you're kind of in a crisis mode, I would tell you not to do anything major, like jump into sums of money. How quickly do you think you can find new work and is your wife also working? Those are my two questions. My wife, my wife is working. I, I actually, I, I work two side hustles. Okay. I listen to Dave a lot. So I started working two side hustles to save, to pay off the house. And So will you be able to, if you keep those two side hustles, your wife works and you get laid off, is that enough to cover the bills and cover your life if you pay off the mortgage? A hundred percent. We're debt. We're debt, we're debt free. Our cars are, we don't owe anything but the mortgage and Yeah.


Our net worth do I Think so too. I do it You've still got $50,000, you're still able to make your bills even without this job. That's right. And now you're lowering your expenses by not having a mortgage. It's is just taxes and insurance. Yeah. Yeah. I do that. You you getting a severance of any type? No, they didn't. They they don't do that. I, But you know what? You got head start. You got, you're right. That's right, baby. Listen, I, I got, I'd be looking for a job as soon as you hang up the phone. 100%. I, I already have. I already have been. And, and I'm fortunate. I'm, I'm a professional sales person, but I also have a lot of experience in retail. Great. Hey, You guys are Awesome, you guys. I'll be at Walmart or Target or Costco. Come on. You know, Pay the house off. Jade says, yeah, You guys are awesome.


You've done an excellent, excellent job and this is the fruit of your labor. Good job. And Download. You guys kept me off the ledge and I appre, you know, I wouldn't be in this situation if I didn't listen to your show so Well. Good. Do you like, you like country music? I do. You ever heard of an old guy named Johnny Paycheck? I know who he is. Yeah. Download his song when we hang up. It's called Take This Job and Shove It. You can take this job and Shove it because he's paid his house Off. I know, right? Come On. I'd be like, Hey you guys let me go. Guess what I did? Yeah. I paid my house off. There you go. Oh yeah, yeah. Come on man. That's real financial peace. That's why we do what we do. Ed, you're the poster child. We're happy for you. This is The Ramsey


Show. Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Pre-order today,


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. I'm joined in studio with or by rather. Jade Warshaw. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. All Right, let's see. We've got our Ramsey Network app question and this is from Gabriel. He asked, can you really win money with apps like Bingo winner and Mr. Beast's new app or is it a scam? Also, I was wondering if Acorns and Robinhood, What's Happening? I'm sorry. Are good investment options.


IIII I'm 50 years old, I don't know what bingo winner is and I barely know who Mr. Beast is. So I'm unqualified to even answer this question. I know, because I don't even know what that means. I I I'm, I'm gonna Do Can you win money with their apps? I don't have the foggiest idea. Yeah. Anybody in there? Anybody? The last Zach Kelly, do you know what they're talking? I have no idea. Okay. The last game I played was Words With Friends and there was no like, option to win money. So I'm guessing it's one of these apps. Yeah, like a candy crutch Crunch. The only app that I play in is a fantasy football. And that has nothing to do with any of this. That's just me. Can can I give a, can I give a a hot take?


Yes, please. Bail. Bail me out. 'cause I don't know how to answer this question. Alright. This is g this is controversial and I, I I own that. Oh boy. I am here for this. I I'm gonna, I'm gonna get you for this. I feel like if you have time to play games on your phone, you, something's wrong. Like who has, like, if you're out working and crushing it and taking care of your family, you don't have time to play games on your phone. I have zero problem with this. Like, this is not controversial to me. And, and to put money into it. Where's my phone? Right here? I have no game apps on my phone. So I I I feel like I'm in Jade's good, good stead right now. And I'm like, I just, I can't understand that.


I can't watch a show, like watch a show with your spouse or, or read a book but Have a convers Have a conversation. But to spend money on a game inside your phone that's called Bingo winner. Yeah. I'm gonna go ahead and say that. I don't know if it's a scam, but you should not be spending your time on it. There's no ROI on your time and I'll bet there's not much ROI on the money. No. And then I was wondering if Acorns and Robinhood are good investment options. Robinhood is an investment platform. Yeah. We are very clear at Ramsey Solutions what our investment strategy is. I'll hand it to my colleague to give a very quick give a 62nd investment strategy.


That would be our answer to any of this. Yeah. I don't like these apps because they really, they enforce, they're, they're really more about trading in the idea of, I'm putting a little bit here but I can move it at any time. And that's not our strategy. We are long-term investors. We are people who dollar cost average. We are people who set it and forget it and keep it there for a long period of time. And so that's why I don't like these apps because they don't promote that. So I would invest with my 401k through my job or I'd be a part of a brokerage and have my Roth Ira. I I, I gotta confess I just put the old readers on. I mean, look at the Graphic. Look at the graphic on that thing. I just typed in Bingo io app and boy, talk about getting me in trouble.


Yeah. Anything that looks like that it yeah. Is designed to suck the brain right outta your head. It's, Yeah, It is. That's my ruling on that. It looks like it's designed to keep you addicted, whatever it is. So, so Let me tell you what I know successful millionaires aren't spending a lot of time on. Bingo win. There you go Ken. So now I've got a There you go. Okay, now we can move on. Move on. Thank goodness. Wow. That was something, wasn't it? I'm never getting that time back. Neither are you? No I'm not. Matthew is up in Austin, Texas. Matthew, How can we help? How y'all doing? Well we're better now. Yeah, we're glad you're here. We we're thrilled about your question. What is it? You sound like you always got it together, so I need, just need your help thinking I'm supposed to get married here in a couple weeks.


Ooh. Okay. Congrats. Thanks there. But yikes. Kind of, and it has mainly to do with kids. I've got kids and how my new wife interacts. I guess the question being how much does my new wife have say so into how I raise my kids, spend money on my kids and that type of thing. 'cause it's really, I'm really kinda struggling with it. Alright. Real quick question 'cause I I, my colleague is loaded up, ready to go. I, I I, I wanna know this. How long have you two been dating?


Two years. Two years. And in the two years, has there been moments of tension based on her maybe stepping into some situations that the kids weren't really cool with or you weren't cool with? Or there have been some comments. I'm just giving you what I mean when I say moments. Is it, have there been several moments of tension that lead to this concern? There's enough. I knew the answer to that. She's not bad. Yeah, my friend, she's not. She. Yeah. I, I would just say this, I this needs to be settled in premarital counseling stat. How old are the kids Immediately? They're not young. And so I got two in college. I have one that, that's a teenager.


Well the two in college, that's a non-factor. She doesn't get to say anything about that. And how old's the teenager? She's 16. But for example, like when the, the subject comes up, and I don't like saying this and I know it's probably wrong, but I say it, I'm a, I'm a dad first. If you make me choose, is that a wrong thing to say? Yes. Yeah, because you're, you're treating it like she's expendable. And technically now I know this is different and, and I I I am going to step lightly on this, but typically when you get married, it's the marriage first. That's why I said what I Said. And then it's the kids. Now also traditionally the, the person you're married to is the person you've had children with.


So it, it's easier to make that statement. And I wanna, I wanna hang out there. It is easier to make that statement when that's the case in your case. I don't think it makes it any less true, but I think it makes it more difficult to stand on that. Right Ken? I agree. I agree. I'm, I'm gonna default to you called us because you've got some real fear and I'm glad you called us if for no other reason. And then I'm telling you, as a guy who went through premarital counseling and I've been married 26 years long enough to know that had Stacey and I not been on the same page about the major things. Yeah. I don't know that we're here. Fact same, same, You know?


Yes. And so I, I'm just saying that Matthew, you need to invest time and money into premarital counseling to sit with a professional therapist and get this stuff out on the table. Like you've gotta say, she has created this tension here. I feel like she stepped over here. She needs to be able to say, I didn't like it when you said I'm a dad first. Like, we gotta get this all out before we lock in. And Then there's the kids side of this too. There is the kids side of it, but they gotta solve it between the two of them. First you gotta know what life is going to look like day one. Now we manage those decisions after that. She's nice to my kids.


That's not it. But we're kind of different when things come up like, well, I go, well what? She's like, well, if they're 22 they're gonna be on their own. Like, I'm like, well yeah, but I sure hope so. But what if something happens and they need to move back in? You know, that kind of thing. Again, Those, those things come up. Or do you, are you, are you gonna pay for their master's degrees too? Instead of us going to Hawaii for vacation? Those it, so I'm like, well wait a minute. Okay, So yeah, she's gotta realize that there's a whole life here and there's other people, these are good question. She's marrying, she's marrying the into the family, not just you. And that's the case with anybody.


You marry into the family, you marry into the situation, whatever it is. So I think that you guys, Ken is right. There's a lot that must be discussed before this happens. And Matthew, look, I've Only got two weeks. Oh wow. Okay. Well you know what, is this a big, is this a big fancy wedding when we got a lot of people coming and a lot of money being spent? No, but I can't, I can't move it. It's not moving. So You know what I appreciate Matthew, he's going, listen Ken, I know where you're going pal. I don't wanna walk down that path. I would, I would, I'd press pause. I would because what I don't want, I agree. I would never want you to feel like you don't have a choice. Or like, once the wheels in are in motion, you can't, you know, put a wood stick in it and grind it to a halt.


You can, you have choices still. You have a lot less choices once you say I do. I agree. I, I'd get a session in at least and talk about these majors. I really would before the the wedding. But can I also say that if she says, Hey, are you gonna pay for their master's degree or are we gonna go to Hawaii? The answer is, where is my grass skirt? That's what the answer is. The kids can pay for their master's degree. Go with mama to Hawaii. Man. Aloha. Come on. I thought you were going in a different direction with That kid. No kids need to pay for their own master's. No, I'm glad you did. I'm glad you know what you said. This is The Ramsey Show.