
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where debt is dumb. Cash is king, and the paid off home mortgage has taken the place of the BMW as the status symbol of choice. This is The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, find work, and do work that they actually love and create amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, Ramsey Personality host of The Ken. Coleman Show is my co-host today. He's also a number one bestselling author, an expert in the worlds of career and work. We're here to help you. The phone number's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Al and Raleigh starts off this hour. Hey, ally, Al.


Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hi Dave. how are you? I got, I got Raleigh and Allie all tied up there for a second, so I'm beautiful, man. How can I help? Alright, so I'm calling because, well, it, it's career advice. I, I got out the military last year and since then I've been in between a few jobs. I'm currently working as a trucker now, and I'm a full-time college student. I'm going school online about halfway through with that, I'm on baby steps four, five, and six. Thank you for that. And ba basically I'm, I'm having a lot of self-doubt and kind of falling out of love with my degree program and more in love with my job right now.


And, I, I don't know which one I, I should pursue more heavily if I should buckle down and, and keep going with, finish out my degree and, you know, hope, hope I fall back in love with the program. What's the degree? Get my career. What's the degree direction? Electric Electrical engineering. Interesting. And you've fallen in love with trucking huh? Driving the truck? I have, yeah. I, I'm for, I'm very fortunate right now to be working a, a local position, So I don't have to go over the road or nothing Monday through Friday, you know, reasonable times, see, be with the family on the weekends. So, so what's The I'm very fortunate with that. Yeah. So that's a, that's a pretty all-inclusive gig in the truck and you either love that or you hate it.


I don't find a lot of guys that are middle ground on that And I think That's really interesting. And I. Think you have to listen to that. The question I have is, if you were to slow down, you're halfway through, I'm assuming you got the GI bills, so you're not paying out of pocket for the degree, correct? That's correct. And You chose electrical engineering. I'm wondering because maybe you did some of that type of work in the military or No. Was it just outta left field? No, no, no. So prior to the military, I, I was on a robotics team in high school. Gotcha. And I. I really enjoyed it. Yep. But a, after doing 11 years in infantry, I kind of, I got tired of being a dumb grunt. And I wanted to go back and use my brain, but Right. It, it feels like things are, are piling up and like I said, I'm, I'm having some self doubt on it.


So What's piling up? There's the answer. What's piling up? Describe what you mean. Well, as, as the course load gets more and more difficult, I, I find myself having difficulty concentrating on the work. But like, when I'm on and the days and the days are going well, I, I get it and everything clicks and everything moves along. But on the days I'm not, and there's quite a lot of them, just getting my thoughts together is, is really, really hard. Okay. so what I want you to focus then is, is what led you into the electrical engineering degree. And obviously there's something from your past robotics, you love to work with your head and your hands.


You've got that kind of wiring in your brain, but it doesn't mean that this particular path is the best path for you. And So I would not make any decision to walk away from the degree right now. But I would take 30 days just as a ballpark figure to really dive into what are some fields that I am intrigued by, I'm in, I am interested in that would involve that type of engineering brain that wouldn't require the degree and that classwork and that type of work. 'cause I think there's, there's some silver lining in here and that you've done some robotics in the past, you're intrigued on some days you're thriving on some days and not on others. And that could be course related and the type of work.


So instead of throwing it all out, I want you to actually dive in a little bit more. And it's almost an old school exercise. I've got a pad. Hold on one second. Dave. I got a pad right here. And I'm gonna go to those classes on the days that I'm struggling, I wanna write down what, what's making me struggle? What's causing me to struggle? And in the days that I'm thriving, why am I thriving? I would dive into that a little bit more over 30 days before deciding to get out of the degree experience. Absolutely. I completely agree. Hey Al, when I was in college, I went to this, I went in this one class and when I left there the, the third day, I felt really dumb.


It was really hard. Are you struggling with that academically? It was straining my brain. No, no ac academically. I mean, I, I maintain good grades, but I I there's just some self-doubt creeping in just because Yeah, You mentioned dumb grunt earlier. Yeah. Just to, and I'm a little bit afraid. I'm a little bit afraid that that, that this is like your first academic challenge. And I kind of want to encourage you to push through it. 'cause I think you got the stuff. Okay. Because I think it's self-doubt.


I don't think it's reality. Am I wrong? No, I, I don't think you're wrong. Okay. And you may need some, during the 30 days, you may need to set your study habits. It's pattern up better. 'cause it sounds like your catches catch can. And if you've got something that's deep and that is scratching the back of your brain, like I'm talking about, that's very hard. Academically it's like thick and weighty and hard to push through. I've been in those classes. And, I don't like 'em 'cause it pisses me off when I can't get something quick. And you know, if you have to do that, the only way to push through that is a study habit pattern that gets you real quiet, real centered away from humans, no distractions.


And you push through the concepts and get your head around them. And that's the, that that's gonna take you on through the, if, if you got a heavy academic thing, it'll push you through it. The study habits will do it. And the study setting. The setting. And if you're trying to do this, like while you eat dinner at the truck stop, that ain't gonna work man. No. Al I'm curious, is there a job in your mind that if we offered that to you today, we fast forwarded all the degree stuff and you got to go do it. If you got something in your mind right now, would you do that over trucking? If you didn't have to struggle through all this and all the doubt went away and we just gave you the opportunity to step into it? Yes. 100% you Would 100% take the elect that type of work over trucking.


Absolutely. Okay. So there's the answer. My my Yeah. So there's the answer. So again, the just get yeah. The exercise I gave you plus what Dave is telling you, you have to identify what's causing the self-doubt. And that's the source of this. Once we get to the bottom of, so fear is, I'm afraid something bad is gonna happen. It's cousin's doubt and doubt is, I don't think something good can happen. And and that's what you're dealing with. I don't know. I'm two years in, I don't know that I can get through this, that anybody will hire me because I was just a military grunt. I'm just a truck driver. I think Dave, that's the source. It's a narrative in Al's head that he's not good enough. That's exactly, that's what I was getting at. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


And you, and what I'm hearing is actually you are good enough, you've actually got the stuff. 'cause you didn't tell me like, there's no way I can do this. I mean, you didn't say that. You're like, I can do it. Yeah. I'm getting the grades. I've just gotta get my head around. I gotta get the habits and the rhythm. You know, which else you might do. You might visit someone that is actually doing what you wanna do someday. Yes. Spend Time with maybe say hang out with them. Maybe who you're hanging out with is telling you you can't do it. You gotta, you gotta be careful who you hang out with. I asked you Al, if we give it to you, would you take it and you said 100%. Then go get it. So Go take It. Go get it. Nobody's Gonna give it to you. Get 'em, get 'em.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright, so we all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I bet there are things that you loved learning over the years. Like gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us spend our lives learning deeply about anything other than ourselves. This fall, I want to challenge you, become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you, to regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere as to it's convenient for just about any schedule. You just fill out a brief online survey and get matched with the licensed therapist and you can change it anytime for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Ken Coleman Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. We're so glad you're here. Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. Regina is with us in Las Vegas. Hi Regina, how are you? Hi Dave. Hi Ken. Thanks for taking the call. Sure. What's up? Well, I need some perspective. I appreciate the last caller because I think you, you gave me a little bit on that call, but I, I'm looking for some more. Okay. I'm currently on baby step two, been four years gazelle intense. And I'm gonna be looking at a court date here tomorrow that's gonna end up increasing that debt to about the tenon of $25,000.


I have literally been intense for four years, even during covid and my gas ache is on empty. I'm just not seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. And, I, don't know if I can keep up the pace that I've been doing. I have three jobs. And, I'm just, my gas take is empty. I'm sorry, So, I don't know if I'm, so I'm looking at a bankruptcy or if I have to do something not stupid. Yeah. I'm sorry. How much debt have you got? Not counting tomorrow. 10 grand And I literally was, I was coming for a debt free scream in October. Hmm. And what's your, what's your income? My income is 45 a year.


I've upped it to 55 even during Covid. Yeah. But the problem I'm having is I end up in court 'cause all these extra debts are attorney fees and every time I go to court, I don't seem to be in good favor with the court. My child support is increased. So it's a very long journey and I'm just tired Of you, you you pay child support? I do. Okay. We have 50 50 custody and it doesn't work out in my favor anytime I go to court because he's a full-time student making 10 50 an hour. Okay. And what's the 25,000 tomorrow? Tomorrow is the attorney's fees for the last two years of litigation, You owe $25,000 to an attorney.


Yes, sir. Over child support. Yes sir. It was because of covid. It was extended, extended, extended, extended, extended. So it's just, Well if he wasn't working while it's extended, why did the bill keep going up? Because my ex-husband made sure that the bill kept going. He kept putting things in there and we kept having to respond. So, you know, as each response happened, it's that two 50 an hour, you know, so it just, it really spun outta control. Yeah. You needed a new attorney. I'm, pardon me? You needed a new attorney $25,000 ago.


I agree with you, sir, but unfortunately I gave him a retainer. And I had nothing left in the tank after that. That was my emergency fund. Yeah, I know So I mean. When you make 60,000 and you spend 25,000 on child support, that's not in balance. It's a, I totally agree with you, sir. I'm not fussing at you, I'm just crying with you. No, Please fuss at me. No, you don't need to be fussed at you've, you've gotten fussed at enough, you just got a best kiddo. Yep. So owe the attorneys fees and the attorney has sued you for the fees. Yeah, tomorrow is the day and we go to the judge, we've stayed off, we've done everything to try and, and Yeah, you're gonna lose because you owe the Money.


Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna lose. Yeah, Exactly. Well you owe the money. I mean, it's not a, it's not, not, there's not really a thing to, you know, he sucks as an attorney is not a defense. Correct. For the debt for the attorney fees. I mean, you took 'em on. So. Yes. And this guy knows that you make $60,000 a year. He represented me for two and a half years And he know that you don't have any money. He knows that. Where Does he, what does think this is going to accomplish? Do we have any idea? I truly don't know. I just guess he wants to garnish my wages, which is gonna basically leave me and my daughter in a big deficit. Yeah. It's gonna change our world.


Yeah. So Do you have That's what I'm Looking for. Options, I guess, or perspective. I would just tell him that we're either gonna have to work something out that is a tremendous discount and I'll go scrape some money together and give you a lump sum at a tremendous discount or I'm gonna help you to get zero. 'cause that's called a chapter seven bankruptcy. And, and, and that's kind of what I did on my own because I knew what I was up against. So You told him that? Yeah, I basically said, you know what I have and you can go forward with this, but you know what's gonna happen.


And I basically, you know, laid it on to him and he pushed the, he pushed the button. So I'm, I'm looking at this bankruptcy head on And, I just, I Wanna know I'm doing the right thing, trying to stay a step, a step above and a step a step ahead for my daughter's sake. Yeah, Well I I would, I always tell folks, if you're gonna file bankruptcy, And I, I'm, I never recommend it. It's a horrible process to go through. But if you're going to make sure you've tried every single thing you can try before you do it. 'cause I, it, it is a life altering thing. It's in the same category as a divorce. It's something you want to avoid if there's any way you can.


So you try everything now you've tried almost everything here. But here's the thing, he, even if he gets the judgment tomorrow and he probably will, then he has to act on it. And until he actually does act on it, it just sits there. Well, he is, he is pushed the motion to put in a a he's already filed the motion to garnish my wages. So, like I Said, but there's not even a judgment. Is there a judgment already? Well, we put a stay on it is my understanding on the judgment oral arguments. Correct. Okay, So what we're Well, well the day the garnish, well, you know, the day the garnishment hits, that might be the day that you make your decision that you've done everything you can do.


Well, the day the garnishment hits, I'm gonna have to move. I mean, I'm, I'm that tight. No, No, no, no, no, no, no. If if you file chapter seven bankruptcy, there's no garnishment, it goes away. Understood. Okay. So I'm saying if he, if he actually does do that, not just threatens it. And so what we wanna be careful of that is that we've, we've, you know, one more time, I'll talk to 'em one more time. I'll say, listen, if you do this and just say it out loud, just say you're not getting a garnishment. Okay. I had this negotiation one time I was negotiating for a, a business guy that had a bank debt with a local bank And. I'm sitting with the banker and the banker says, we're gonna foreclose on the property, which obviously for a bankruptcy stops a foreclosure.


And I said, no, you're not. He goes, oh yeah, I am. Yeah I am. I said, no, we're either going to, there's two options. We're either gonna work out something as we sit here with you guys and negotiate out some kind of settlement or the guy's going into a chapter 11 bankruptcy or a seven bankruptcy, but you're not foreclosing on the property. I can keep you from foreclosing on the property. So let's establish that you're not gonna foreclose now it's either because of a bankruptcy or because we work something out. So which, which one do you wanna do? It's your choice because, well, and then he comes up, well, we're gonna foreclose. I'm like, dude, you're not real smart, are you? What I just said was, we're not going, you're not going to be allowed to foreclosure.


Federal court's gonna stop you or you're gonna come to an agreement today, but foreclosure's not going to occur. That's the type of conversation I would've with this attorney. Okay. There's not going to be a garnishment either. I'm gonna stop you with a chapter seven and you're gonna get zero in that case. Or you And I work something out and, you know, and then, but that, that and those type of ultimatum discussions in a negotiation are sometimes the last thing you can do. And you want to do everything you can do to try to avoid this. You fought so hard, you've come so close and it would be a bloody shame for this one thing to take you down.


Yeah. And and practically speaking here, whatever the amount is, I'm assuming Dave that the lawyer has shared what the amount is, the garnish would be. And so we got a figure. So if he's gonna get anything, it's that number or less that he agrees to. And then you look at, okay, can I keep doing three, three jobs? And it doesn't sound like she can do three more jobs. I mean three jobs much more. Well her tank is empty as She's, well our tank's empty 'cause she just keeps getting piled on. Yeah. But if she can push through and manage to make that money a better second job, a better paying second job. That's that last resort too. Okay. If I can settle this with this guy and not go, go into bankruptcy, I give him five grand cash and go borrow it. That's interesting. Yeah. You know, that's what I, 'cause you know, rather have 25, I'd rather have five grand death than 25 than 25.


Yeah, That's true. So, but I mean, we'll, we'll settle with you just one way or another here. But try some stuff like that, Regina. 'cause sometimes these guys, they just, you have to explain it to 'em. They don't, they're not smart sometimes. I mean, dumb lawyers are everywhere. Oh lord of mercy. I'm sorry honey. Hey, hang on. We're gonna hook you up with one of our coaches, one of our financial coaches. See if they can walk you through this.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant online quotes.


Ken Coleman Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. Ashley's in Greenville, South Carolina. Hi Ashley, welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Alright, so my bi my question is a business related one la not this past September, but the year before I purchased a bakery that was eight years old. It was a mom and pop bakery for about $105,000. It was really small over the year we improved it. We did some renovations on our own dollar. We didn't pay for them. And unfortunately it's not been, it's not been successful and I'm having to close it.


I'm sorry That that's okay. It's, it is what it is. And my question is, originally my landlord, I have five more years left on the lease. My landlord said, that's fine, you can, I'll let you out of it. And that was great. However, I, he called last, last week and asked me how things were going, how things were moving out. And I mentioned that I was moving some of the equipment out. He was under the assumption that the equipment that was built around the space that was built around the equipment he owned. However, the couple that I purchased the bakery from actually sold it to him. I have purchased documents for it and he is holding my equipment hostage by not letting the added lease unless I leave the equipment.


I am, I have considered, I've looked up chapter seven bankruptcy because that would give me 60 days to assume or reject the lease of which I would reject the lease. And then my assets, including the equipment would be sold to pay off my debt. However, I do not have any debt for the business. It's an LLC And I decided to get out of the business before I went into debt. So my question is, who, who did you sign the lease? Personally? I did, yes. Okay. The lease is not in the LL C's name. It's in your name. So it Is, it is in the LL C's name? Yes. Oh, did you sign, did you guarantee it personally? Yes. Okay. Doesn't matter. It's, it's your personal lease.


You're personally liable on the lease is what you're telling me. Okay. Right. Yes. Okay. And how much is the lease payments monthly? They are currently 6 22 40. They go up by a certain percentage every year starting in October. So if, So you, you have five years of $7,000. So you got somewhere around $35,000 exposure, right? Correct. What's the equipment worth? It's, it's less than $10,000 worth of equipment. So, I'm worried. Why do you want it? I should swallow Because I'm hopeful that I can maybe start it again one day and it would relieve some of the startup costs down the road.


Do you have any money? I have about $20,000 in personal savings and that's about it. I sunk all of my, all of my life savings into the first Business. If you were going to buy this equipment right now in your situation Yes. Used, what would you be willing to pay for it if you found it on the, if you, let's say you let him have it and the next day you walked into a garage sale and you found this same piece of equipment sitting in someone's basement, what would you buy it for? Or would you buy it tomorrow or would you wait till later? I, that's a really great, great question.


The one piece of equipment that's really I'm hanging onto is the oven because it's an old oven and the old ones are the best because they don't, And you found it in someone's basement tomorrow at a garage sale. What would you pay for it? I would pay probably upwards of a thousand dollars for it. $1,000? Correct. Okay. Alright. So I think you can sit, number one, the first thing you need to do is with this landlord, you need to sit down in person. Yes, we are. We're meeting on Wednesday. Good, good. Because you're an honorable person. I think he's not a dishonorable person. As a matter of fact, he's got a lot of mercy. He's just letting you out of $35,000.


He is already got someone lined up that he will charge. He's lending you out of $35,000. That's not a bad, I mean, it's not a bad guy. He could have held you to it for a thousand dollars oven. I mean, it's not a bad trade. So at the end of the day, if I have to negotiate away the a thousand dollars oven in order to get out of a 5,000, $35,000 exposure, it's gone. He can have the oven, but I would ask him about it and just say, listen, I, we've honestly, I think you're an honest guy and you think I'm honest and we're just had it, we just did not have alignment on this one subject. Would you be willing to sell me the oven? 'cause it's the only piece I'm particularly interested in at a, you know, at at whatever it's salvage price, which is probably 500 or a thousand dollars.


I, that's the only thing that I care about. And the rest of it is, I I care about getting outta the lease. Could we work that out? Yeah. It, it still just gets me that I've already bought the other one. So I don't wanna pay him for it. You're missing the part where you got out of a $35,000 liability that probably gets him that the tenant had just decided they weren't gonna pay. Yeah. But he's wanted me out of there since I signed the lease because he can charge double for the people that have already lined up for it For Okay, you do what you want to do. That's what I would do. I would consider this a blessing.


And I would, in a horrible situation with a heartbreak, I'd let him keep the oven or I'd give him a thousand or 500 bucks for it and get the documents signed to completely relieve you of any liability LLC or personal further on this lease so that he can go forward. I guess if you wanna play hardball from a negotiating standpoint, you could, because it sounds like he's chomping at the bit to get you out of there. And you could just say, you know what, I think I'm just gonna give you another 600 bucks to stay here a while and make him lose his potential tenant. 'cause you keep paying. Yeah. If he doesn't, you know, if you, if you won't let me have the oven, I think I'm just gonna keep paying the rent.


'cause I think the oven's mine. I've got a bill of sale for it. And, but you know, honestly, I I personally wouldn't do that. I personally would. This is a horrible thing you're going through. It's an emotional thing you're going through. The failure of a business is a, a crisis of identity. Anytime I close a major area that we tried here at Ramsey, it's me admitting that I was stupid. And I hate admitting that yet sometimes I am stupid and, but I get the opportunity running a business to admit it occasionally. And it's not fun. It's really not fun. I'm sorry. It really is emotional. I wouldn't screw this whole thing up over a grand. I promise you I wouldn't, you're gonna lose that the first time you meet with an attorney.


They, they, they charge you a thousand dollars for driving past their office just like it's a drive by fee. You know? I mean, it's like, Well I think you made a very good point that she fails to see. Obviously there's some tension there and she feels like, well he has somebody else lined up. I found him, she mentioned that. So she feels like she's doing some good, but the, we cannot forget the fact that this guy is gonna let her out of $35,000 contracted commitment yout here. Forget that And I could be wrong, but maybe the new tenant needs the oven. I think there's a reason this guy is not a jerk. I think he's like, you know what, I'll let you out at 35. I'm gonna keep the oven. That's a pretty fair trade As you said. You know, it's a tenant improvement and you're walking away scot free.


Yeah. And so if I were the landlord on the other side, even if I had another tenant lined up, I, I would think that's a fair deal. I Think it's a very fair deal. So it's up to you though. You can do what you wanna do. Let me ask you This Dave, You can drag it out. If he's got the other tenant and he could lose the other tenant by you delaying him. That's a way to screw with it if you wanna do it, but do so at your own peril. But I was gonna ask you, 'cause you've, you've been a landlord, you are a landlord. If she hacks him off in some way or just starts negotiating, he's like, wait a second. I I'm letting you out of this deal. And I don't want the stinking of it. And he gets, he could hold her to this contract and, and he Could hold her the 35,000. He could put her in some Real Trouble. But she says, she says that he's got somebody wanting to pay double. Right.


So, you know, that's the, the leverage back and forth. I don't know. I mean, to me that's almost irrelevant though. It's what, what the deal is to you. Yeah. Okay. The deal is, you personally put your pen to paper and said, I will pay you $35,000. And he says, Hey, you brought me another tenant, I'll let you out. That's an act of mercy. It's not a, it's not a legal requirement or a moral or an ethical requirement. And, you know, if he misunderstood and thought the tenant improvements became his as an act after the act of mercy, then that's something you can discuss with him. And I'm recommending you discuss it, but wouldn't push it too hard. It's a thousand bucks for 35.


It's a good trade. This is The, Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklists absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. If you're in over your head with private student loans and you're tired of getting calls from collection agencies, you need Why, Refi, Why, Refi refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch. And they give you a low fixed rate loan customized to you so you can actually pay your bill. That's pretty cool. It's a good way to get the whole thing straightened out. Go to y refi.com/ramsey today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ramsey might not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Aiden in Virginia. I had a work accident that put me out of work for a few weeks. When I returned to work on light duty, I was assigned to a different department. I enjoy it and have been asked to stay in this position, which will come with a hefty pay increase. The only downside is that if I choose to stay in this position, a work friend of mine will probably be fired. He's the person who encouraged me to grow in my relationship with God and to do the baby steps to tackle my finance issues. How do I save my friendship with my coworker if they fire him and give me his position? I'm scared that he will think I've been faking the friendship and just trying to take his job. I don't wanna lose this opportunity at work, but also don't want to be the cause of my friend losing his job. Well Aiden, I, I'm a little confused with the way the question is worded because they've put you in a position and they want you to stay in this position.


And I don't see the connection to where that position was, his position. 'cause he's still there. So if you know something we don't know. And you've got a hunch here. If your hunch is right, this is a pretty sticky situation. It's a pretty tough situation. And I don't have a quick answer to that. Although what I would do is they've asked you to stay in this position so that implies they like you and you've got a little bit of leverage to say, Hey, here's a question. If I take this, I've heard this or I'm feeling this, is this true? Because you've got some hunch or somebody's told you something. And I would go to the leader in a private meeting. Yeah.


And I would ask the leader if this is in fact true. I would not assume Anything. Exactly. I think you've added drama to this. Yeah. I don't know if that's true. The way you've, the way you've worded this, it doesn't sound like it's a lock. So here's the thing. Business ethics are fairly easy. Treat other people like you wanna be treated. Okay? So you switch shoes. How would you want your friend to be treat you if it was you? I can tell you what I'd want 'em to do. I'd want 'em to come clean. Tell the whole bunch I, if I'm you, I'd walk in the boss's office, And, I.


Say, boss, thank you for this position. I am so grateful. I'm so excited. But I gotta tell you, if it means that my friend gets fired, I can't do it to him. I'm not going to be the cause of my friend losing his job as much as I want this, I would love to have this job, but I will not, I cannot do that. It's wrong for me to cause my friend to get his head chopped off. No. That's the answer. I agree. And, and if you lose the job, you lose the job. But you can't, you gotta sleep with Aiden. You gotta look in the mirror. You gotta, you put your head on the pillow at night and go, whew.


I feel pretty good. Yeah, that sucked. I lost that position, but I did the right thing. And I gotta tell you, man, you can sleep when you do the right thing. Even if the right thing hurts. Even if the right thing leaves a mark, you can sleep and you don't get to your death bed. You know, many years from now with this stuff swimming around in your head wishing you hadn't done this crap. Yeah, I agree. But let's get to the bottom and let's make sure this is in fact the case. Yeah. It doesn't feel like that the way it's been set up here. So we'll see If you just put all this stuff on the table, it makes everybody that's trying to stuff behind the curtain pay no attention to the men behind the curtain. He rip the curtain open, shine a spotlight on the whole thing and just say it all out loud.


Yeah. As Delony says, turn all the lights on. And By the way, that advice, when he says it that way, he's taking the high road and in that situation he can read the body language, read the tone, read the stumbling, the stu the stammering. If in fact that happens and now he has a really good idea and he doesn't hurt his brand within the building. It's a win, win win all the way around to handle it that way. Absolutely. And if they're willing to lie and go behind your friend's back, they'll do it to you and slit his throat. You are next buddy. That's true. What makes you think you're different? So this ain't the sweetest job in the world.


All of a sudden it's a toxic environment and you want to get outta there anyway, so this, this, this, you know, the process of flipping on all the lights reveals everything here. Alright, boys and girls, it's like, Ken, one of my favorite things not sarcasm is someone comes in my office and says, you know, I need to tell you something about such and such, but I I you can't use my name. And I'm like, well you can't tell me, right? Because you, 'cause you're, you're what's known as a gutless wonder. Right. You know? Right. And no, you can't tell me. I don't, if you can't stand behind Yeah. Your problem. Yeah. Then you're just a gossip. I agree. And I'm not gonna, I'm not as a leader, I'm not gonna act on anonymous sources.


You can kiss my anonymous source. Not a chance. We're doing that. No way. That's just gutless, man. Yeah, I agree. I agree. Crazy. Zach is on the line. Zach is in Calgary. Hey Zach. What's up? Hey, can you hear me alright? Absolutely. How can we help? Perfect. Yeah. So I've been looking for an outside opinion on my situation here. And I know you guys are gonna gimme a a straight answer. So I You can count on that brother. Yeah. So we are a little tight on mortgage. Me and my wife, we knew that. What's that mean? You Know?


Well, it's probably north of 40% of our take home. Yeah. That sucks. Monthly pay. Yes. So we're just trying to get some advice on what we should do. So what is the probability that your income is going to increase dramatically quickly. Unless I take side jobs consistently and work 12 hours plus a day. Not likely. You wanna do all that just to keep a house? I don't, No, not really. Nope. You sell the house. You bought a house you can't afford. Yeah. If Your income's not gonna go, if your income's not gonna go up fairly quick.


Not, I mean, you know, in the next year, two years or something like that to where this Yeah. Where the house payment ends up being 25, maybe 30% of your take home rather than 40%. You, you're, you, you're, you know, you're in an unsustainable mathematical situation. You don't have any wiggle room in your dad gun budget. You are what we call house poor. Yeah, I understand. The house owns you. You don't own the house. Oh, I feel it. Yeah. Our other, our other idea was there was a job offer about two weeks ago that's in a smaller town that pays less. But we could buy a house cash or have a very small mortgage or maybe a hundred k. What would keep you from doing that?


It's a small, small town. Oh, you, you don't wanna live there. Okay, that's fine. That's good. It's a good answer. Yeah. Nothing wrong. Nothing wrong with any of this. And so here's another option. Get a better job. Yeah. And stay where you are. Yeah. Well that's the thing. I'm, I'm a plumber. And, I got one of the better paying jobs in Calgary. So What's your wife do? She's a stay at home mom. Okay. She's homeschooling our kiddos. Okay. Alright. Yeah. You guys just, you, you, you got house fever, which causes the brain to stop working and causes us to purchase something we can't afford. And then the fever went away and the bill is still there. And you woke up and realized you'd made a mistake.


And so I'm sorry. You, you either have to get your income up or you have to get rid of this house. These are your two options. There's nothing else that's gonna work here, man. What you're sitting in and you've discovered this, you, you knew it for. You called us. It's unsustainable. You cannot win. Everything you do after you pay this house payment is hard because the house payment's, just eating your lunch, no pun intended. So. I mean, it's just, it's hard. I've done it too, Zach. I mean, I've done that kind of thing and you go, oh crap, I'm so, what did I do? You know, you get Oh, man. It's hard. But the good news is you can sell it and you know, it's not, it's not, it's not a tattoo.


It's not gonna be there forever. So you can get rid of it. That's a plan. Get rid of it. Sell the house. Sorry. That puts us out of The Ramsey Show in the books. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals? Only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions.


Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where debt is dumb, cash is king and the paid off home mortgage has taken the place of the BMW as the status symbol of choice.


Ken Coleman, number one bestselling author, Ramsey Personality, host of The Ken. Coleman Show is my co-host. Today we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. So you've got questions about your life, your career, your money. We're here to help open phones. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Caleb is in Charlotte, North Carolina to start this hour off. Hi Caleb, how are you? Good Dave. Thank you for taking my call. My pleasure. How can we help? So I'm in the middle, or I guess I should say the beginning stages of starting a business and I'm wondering if it is the best idea to take any profit and put it straight back into the business.


So I can keep doing it debt free or would it be better to take the profit and pay off personal debt, which would be, because right now we're in the kind of the middle stages of baby step two on our personal debt. Okay. You got a, I currently have a full-time job, which is in addition to the business. So the business is, is separate. Okay. And so you're, you can get out of debt on your full-time job. Are you married? Yes. Married Wife. Does your wife work outside the home? No, my wife is a a stay at home mom. Okay. We've got a So what do you make the day job About one 40 Good for you. Okay. How much debt have you got?


Right now we're probably around 18,000. Okay. Yeah. Stop your whining and get out of debt really seriously. 140 over 18. Knock it out dude. Well that's a, it's, that's a new it. It was a big jump recently, so, Okay, good. I'm messing with you. But you, the bottom line is your numbers are fabulous. You got a big old shovel and a small hole. So let's just knock out that 18 and and that's the good news. Now you got the side business and you can afford to take all the side business and pour your money back in out of that. We're not borrowing money for business ever. Sure. You will ensure your failure if you do for multiple reasons.


Yeah. Especially in a small business situation. I mean, this is throwing off a lot of cash. What is the expense that you're thinking about that you'd have to cash flow versus going to debt? Well, it's not, so it's gonna be a baseball training facility. I'm will be leasing the building. So I won't be in debt for, for that. It'll just be equipment and how fast or how much equipment I wanna start out with versus, you know, just kind of growing a little more organically. Yeah, Yeah. Organically stick With organic man. It's just, you don't wanna stress yourself out. And this, I'm guessing is the dream. Is this something you eventually wanna step into full-time or you want to keep it on the side Eventually?


I would like it to be full-time. I, baseball is kind of my background. It has been for a long time. And the job I'm in right now I love, but it, it may not be more than a 10 year thing, you know. So eventually I would like it to be able to support my family full time. Sure. Well good then organic is the way to go. Or else that dream could become a nightmare. Dave's right, you just don't need debt on this and you're so close to get debt. Here's A couple things to get debt free. Yeah. Here's a couple things, Caleb. We teach in Andre leadership on this. When you grow a business with actual cash, you purchase different things at a different speed than you do when you use other people's money. You're more careful about what you buy and you're more careful about what you pay for what you buy.


'cause it's like real money, you know? That's right. And that's there, there's a reality to that. The second thing that happens is you're, it forces you to grow to make your purchases slower. And you're gonna be learning about the business. You're gonna get what we always laughingly call learnings, which are mistakes that leave scars. And you're going to, you know, you're going to learn stuff that would tell you not to purchase something that you might have if you'd gone ahead of the learning and the cash holds you back and kind of keeps you by dealing with only cash. It keeps you from going ahead of what, what you've got to learn yet. And so you don't make us, you don't, you don't.


Ma And then the third thing is when we borrow, lemme just, here's the deal. I've been doing this business for 30 plus years. 90% of my ideas suck About. And and this is a world class nationally known brand and all of that, all the 10 million people that have gone through Financial Peace University, the 22 million people listening to this, all of that impact is because of about 10% of our ideas. The other 90% of our ideas, we survived them 'cause they were stupid. Yep. And the problem is, when you're going for your walk in the morning or you're running in the morning, or your sitting on the back porch of a cup of coffee, all your, all your ideas are brilliant.


And when you put 'em out there in the real world, you just determine that they're not. And when you borrow money into the wrong thing, you magnify the size of the mistake. 'cause you do stupid on steroids. And so when you use cash, it causes you to go at the speed of your learning. It you'll learn, you'll make better purchases and more careful purchases. And you don't magnify your mistakes because there's 100% of the time you're gonna make mistakes. It's brilliant. And one thing to add to that, Caleb Cash increases your innovation. Because if you're borrowing money, you go, oh, I wanna buy this equipment, this equipment. 'cause everybody else does it. And when you gotta go cash, you go, how do I teach the baseball swing?


Or how do I do this without a bunch of fancy equipment? It really does increase your innovation because when you don't have ca when you don't have the cash, but you still wanna grow it, you go, how can I do this the least expensive way? And the imagination takes over and that's what leads to innovation. Craig Haw talks about this the other day. Talked about I was scared to mention Him. Yeah. Talked the limited resources when you realize your resources are limited and everybody's resources are limited, but the borrowing of takes away that effect temporarily. But the limited resource forces the creativity. That's correct. And it forces you to get scrappy and you scratch a new claw. And scrappy always wins.


And the the, some of the more shameful errors we have made at Ramsey were when we got a little bit fat Mm. And we had a little bit of cash, we had a little bit of room and we just went, well, what is mind there? And then all of a sudden you, you'd lose that scrappiness, you lose that creativity, you lose, you know, forcing to learn the techniques. Blocking and tackling goes to the side and we think we're too good for it. And, you know, and and you're looking for an easy button. Yeah. And there's just not a freaking easy button. That's right. So you're you're really doing a good thing here, Caleb. You're really doing a good thing. Yeah. You've got a great situation with a great day job to pay off your debts and to continue building your finances.


And a hundred percent of the profits on that business can go back into that business. Absolutely. Grow it organically. Grow at the speed of cash. You know, we built this building three years ago, four years ago, whatever it was the only thing the newspaper actually got. Right. 'cause they never get anything right on me. They make up crap when they want to. But anyway, they, they, they, Ramsey is building the building at the speed of cash. Yeah. Didn't get that right. And that was that Right. That was the headline. Oh good. And after you got past the headline, nothing in the article was accurate. But you know, like it never is. Right. But they that's rare. Yeah. An accurate headline. Yeah. But I mean, that's it. We are, that's all they got. Because that's what I told the little guy.


We're building the building at the speed of cash. Yeah. In other words, we run outta cash, we're gonna stop building. Ah, there you go. This is The Ramsey Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust. Not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is A paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Hey, it's Rachel Cruz and I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here with all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Thanks for joining us America. We're glad you're here. Ken Coleman. Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Mark is with us. Mark is in Atlanta, Georgia. Hey Mark. how are you? Hey, good afternoon for, for me here. Great to talk to you and Ken. I'm 56 years old. I have a 47-year-old wife. Three boys just got laid off unexpectedly from a 250 k per year job. But I'd have it for at least a couple more years. You had net worth over 3 million of that 1.5 million in a, in now in an IRA half a million in funds and stocks and a $1 million paid for house. No debt whatsoever.


my question is, is well for one, does that seem like enough to retire on if need be, but I'm also thinking about pursuing teaching. So I'm not gonna be able to get any cash. I have a hundred, you know, 150,000 in cash, but I can't tap my IRA until I'm 59 and a half. So, but you Got a half million in investments non IRAI Do. Okay. And I could use that. I think you're gonna be okay. I could use that, but I don't really, I don't really want to use that though. I mean my, I had a financial advisor, you know, recommend, you know, tapping my mortgage temporarily because it'd be cheaper than, you know, than tapping the IRA. Well you're a financial advisor, but I know a dumb bud. You're kidding me.


He's telling you to go into debt and you have a $3 million net worth with a half a million dollar investment portfolio. That's non-retirement. Just use your money man. Why? Just so just sell, sell stocks, pay taxes. Why Are you, I mean, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, let's not forget, mark, you told us briefly you wanted to teach so you're not teaching for free. So based on your financial situation, how much money do you need to make to where you wouldn't even have to tap any of that money? Or very little. Yeah, I mean that's, that's what I'm wondering. I mean, I, I think we'll need, you know, I got three boys, you know, soon to be college. Most of that's gonna be handled already. But you know, but you know, the teaching, it's gonna take a little while to get certified and that's probably a $56,000 a year job.


That's correct. So it's more, you know, almost, you know, more like a little volunteer work. Why Are you a, so would you have wanted to transition to teaching? It's interesting you said I was hoping to do that for a couple more years. Had you already began to think I'm gonna keep my quarter of a million dollar job for two, three more years, then go into teaching. Was that already the plan before the layoff? Yeah, absolutely. Just, you know, I want give back. I'm an Army veteran. What were You doing? My army days? I you mean my job? Yeah, it was institutional capital markets. Here. Here's a question I have, I just wonder why you aren't looking to get back in the game making about the same maybe even more and and, and get back on track with the plan you already had.


It just feels like you've accepted this idea that, well, I got laid off two or three years earlier than my ideal timeline. And so now all I can do is draw some retirement here. And, I. Just wonder why not get back in the game. Yeah. It's either that or, you know, start getting into teaching, which will take a year or two to get certified. We'll get back back in the game. Get back in the game. The teaching certification. Yeah. Go, go make a half million dollars while you're getting your teaching certification. 250 a year. It'll Take, you know, it'll take a half a year or so to get a job. And how Do You know if I can find one? Because I've been looking around a little bit. Yeah. When did you get laid off? A month ago.


Yeah. Okay. When you say looking around, what does that mean? And I mean specifically. What, what do you, what are you doing actively Talking to people that are in the industry? I mean, basically what I did was a very unique capital markets job. Okay. And it's not easily replaceable. All right. It's something that, you know, basically is, some of it's gonna be automated and some of it's, you know, just managed, managed away. Okay, so And so, hold on a second. So, I can hear it all over you. You feel like I was so niche, I can't do anything else. And that's not true. You have skills and experience that were related to a very specific job that are transferable in a similar industry.


Yes or no? Yes. Then again, I Oh yeah. I mean, listen, let, let me acknowledge something, mark. The, the data says that losing a job being laid off has the same psychological and emotional impact on us as losing a loved one. So that was a month ago. And So I wanna make sure that it doesn't feel like I'm pushing you too hard here. I think this has rocked your world, it's thrown your timeline off, and it's understandable. And so you've gotta process and heal from this. But I think part of the residue that's on you from this real loss is that you think that you are extremely limited. And, and if you hear nothing else from me and Dave, you're not limited.


You've, you're 56. You're not 96. You got a lot of skills, great. A lot of experience. And dare I say, you have a lot of connections too. Yes or no? Absolutely. Mark, I I, I, I, I want you to feel a hug through the phone here. You gotta get back in there, man. You got a lot to offer. And, I. Think this plan you have. And by the way, thank you for serving our country. You're a great American. Yes, yes. You're a great American and you've got a lot to give still. I Dave. That's what I'm feeling. It's, it's Okay. Let, let's say that I'm called immediately to teach And. I. Hear what you're saying. You're not, and that sounds good. You're not. You're escaping to it. That's, that's you waving a white flag because you're hurting.


Well, if you were called immediately to teach, you would've quit and gone and got your teaching certificate. You got laid off and then decided, well, I knew eventually, and then you're gonna try to tell me you called. I'm not buying it. Yeah, I hear you. Okay. But, But here's the deal, mark, even if you don't wanna go the route of, get back on the path to a two to three year plan, what Dave, And, I are saying is go get gainfully employed. Make as much money as possible. Don't just fall back on that retirement reserve. Well, Don't need use a half million, but we're not borrowing on a heloc. Absolutely Not. You probably need a new financial advisor. The, okay, so lemme ask you this, I'm curious.


Okay, what is it that you're wanting to teach and why? Ultimately, I want to teach high school business and finance because I have so much to give and so much knowledge that's gonna waste if I don't give it back. What would be wrong with doing that? I, at the college level, Not interested. You know, I, I, it's, it's, it's definitely harder, more, you know, it would be more, more strenuous on me. I don't want to go into that type of environment. I, I like kids that are still molded, you know, that are in their, you know, in their teens, you know, as an old army sergeant, you know, I feel like, you know, I, I can be a, you know, a stake in the ground as far as right and wrong to a lot of these kids.


One of my favorite finance professors teaching real estate syndication in my senior year was teaching a graduate level class that I jumped over and took, even though I wasn't doing grad work, was a practitioner like you. He had, he was not a PhD, he was not a certified professor. He stepped over and taught three different high-end finance classes to college seniors when I was in college. And to this day, I remember that guy. And we, I actually, he actually had a cookout for the class at his house. We went to his house. I can drive to his house right now, and that was 43 years ago. I bet he doesn't live there anymore. But, but I mean, I, I think you might be that guy.


And oh, by the way, that pays a lot more than 56,000 a year. Yeah, that's exactly right. So, and, and honestly, the stuff that, you know, high school seniors can't comprehend. Mm. The stuff you've been doing. It's, it's graduate level and senior finance level stuff. You can go do this if you want to. I'm just challenging the overarching thing that this is what giving back necessarily means. So if you wanna teach basic financial literacy, hey, we'll give you a financial piece. We'll give you the foundations and personal finance high school curriculum that's been taught in 48% of the high schools and you can go teach it for your high school once you get certified to be a math teacher. But it seems a little crazy to me that a guy that is as qualified as you has to go get certified to teach math to seniors in high school because you can do math in your sleep.


Yeah. What we want you to hear, mark, is you got options. Yeah. And you felt like a guy. You present, like a guy who doesn't have many options. And one option you don't have is a HELOC that is absolutely unnecessary and heal from this. Get your head up, shoulders back, and look at some options to get back on that two to three year plan. I think things are gonna develop as you begin to look for 'em. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey, you guys, emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The, Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't bandaids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep, throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin, and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Urgent. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door. And use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one. And you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Use the promo code Ramsey.


I know you work hard for your money and the key to keeping more of it in your pocket is by making a plan for your spending with a budget. And EveryDollar is the budgeting app that I use personally because it's perfect for looking EveryDollar you make and it's little president face and telling it exactly where you want it to go. Just like you told that guy in traffic exactly where you wanted him to go. And even better EveryDollar walks you through the entire budgeting journey, so you always know your next right step. Download EveryDollar for free in the App store or Google Play today.


Ken Coleman. Ramsey Personality is my co-host today in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. Ty and Lottie are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Good. Great. how are you? Good. how are you? Doing Better than we deserve. Welcome. Good to have you guys. Where do you live? Amarillo, Texas. Alright. Bit of a haul over to Nashville Just a little bit. Yeah. Good to have you guys. How much debt have you paid off? $582,000. Goodness. How long did this take? We started in 2013 and then just finished up here. I think it was in July or August. So 10 years. 10 years. 10 years. Yeah. Wow. Wow. And your range of income during that decade?


It was anywhere from 65,000 to 114. I mean, we sold some houses. And I sold a business in the midst of that too, so it kind of had some variation there too. Gotcha. Okay. But that was my W2 income. What, what, what do you guys do for a living now? I actually worked for the Department of Energy, but before this I've always traded commodities or traded some type of feed so that, I just didn't like that. And actually I read Kim Coleman's book and decided to take, take a change in life. Really? How's that working out? Love it. Good. It's a great change. We're on a, we're on a, we're on the 13th day of our road trip to get here just to have a vacation and Dollywood and everything. Oh wow. Come see you guys. Yeah. Come see y'all guys. Wow. There you go. Five Year planned of a trip.


Right here. There we go. Lottie, what do you do? I'm a mom. Good. And we have four kids going on five. Ah. So congratulations. Thank you. You done? Alright. What kind of debt was the 582,000? Oh, we had it all. Some of it was just, I, I farmed and run cattle. So I had a lot of farm debt. I had a house a $50,000 Duramax man, zero interest. They'll do it every day of the week for you. Wow. I had a, I had a Nissan car and then we had our house. It was about 235,000 Tiffany's rings for this young lady. I was, you know, they financed that too, don't worry. Yeah. I had about two $20,000 worth of student loan that she paid for.


'cause she saved money before we got married. So she came into a mess before she decided to take me out. And then, yeah, I had some, some farm debts and stuff like that. And then some. I also took even a $5,000 trading class to learn how to trade commodities, but, or trade futures are online. Come to find out you can't trade unless you have money. So Yeah. It's kind of a show. It's kind of table stakes. Yeah. I tried to tell her. Yeah. Yeah. She tried to tell me. That's okay. That was, I'm gonna claim that one's one of my stupid tax right there. Yeah. I don't, I don't have any money 'cause I just spent it all on the class that I tells me I need to have money. Yeah. I Was kind of sitting there about halfway through it thinking, man, I, this is dumb. I think there's something on my shoe.


I think I stepped in it. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Good for you, man. That's so cool. Yeah. So you went from Playa to cleaning up the mess. 'cause everything you said there was like, I'm, I did everything man. Oh Yeah. It was, it's like Boom and now you're just like boom. Straight and narrow. Yeah. It really, what drove me onto this deal is I, for, when I first came outta college, I, I bought cattle for a major packet company, And I. Spent a lot of time in Western Kansas. And there was only AM radio over there. There was Dave Ramsey. I was focused on the family and rush limb ball. That was my, that was my theology in life. And I. Every day I just spend time riding around looking at cattle and listening to you. And I've basically, that started in 2006. And. I never Stopped.


Wow. Well thank you. We appreciate you being out there. Yeah. So good stuff. Okay, so who decides 10 years ago we're actually gonna do this stuff? Well, we, we started off trying to kind of cheat it a little bit because no, some people say I'm cheap. I like to say frugal, but when I saw the price of the envelopes, I was like, we don't need the envelopes. We'll just kind of do it. You know. And so after about a year of that, and we were still fighting about money. We decided we need to take this seriously. You know, if it's not broke, don't fix it. So we went ahead and kind of got the, we lived out in the country, so we just got the at home study program and watched through that together an Atal Peace University at home. Yeah. Yep. Bought the envelopes, started doing the cash system, set up our budget.


We had to do that budget meeting, you know, every month sitting down together and kind of getting that going. So that was kinda the hard part at first. But then once we got the ball rolling, we found other things to fight about, but we didn't find about money anymore. So it just, it kind of made everything organized. We knew what to expect of each other and where we were at. And it just kind of went from there. And like you say, it's just that boring consistency. You just do the same thing over and over and then you see it make progress and it gets really exciting. Yeah. There you Go. And for her, it just, it was a security thing. Like, I mean, that was one thing that I noticed that really, she just, that was the rough part for her.


And even for me, I, I mean, growing up as a kid, I mean my parents, they're, they're good people, but we just, we had some financial problems growing up. We had bankruptcy and man, that just that I don't want that for my kids. Yeah. And I want them to know that what we've done as a sacrifice, as a, as a couple. Yeah. Now you're free. Yeah. Yeah. You're free. And you, when you talk about the grass feeling different, there's some truth to that. Yeah. There is a lot of truth To it. And, and that's one of the, I mean that, I don't know if we, we actually, before we got our debt paid off, we passed the millionaire mark and it was just like, I don't know, I just, I Still don't believe it. I, I kept looking at the spreadsheet because I was a spreadsheet before you had the EveryDollar app and, and kept looking.


I'm like, that can't be possible. But it just a lot of dedication and a lot of time. And that was probably the hardest part for me. Well, A decade in you're a hundred percent debt free and baby steps Millionaires. Yeah. And we just, we, it was the consistency. Like, there'd be some times where you're just like, man, I, when does this end? And, but there was, if you saw it on the paperwork, you knew it eventually was coming to an end. I I want you to talk about that. Stay right there. 'cause there's a lot of people that are in the middle their journey and they're, we know they're watching and listening and they feel they're feeling it today. They're going, I I don't wanna fucking finish. Yeah. What did you do? Or what would you tell 'em? How'd you keep, how'd you keep going? What'd you tell 'em? Well, you know, honestly, that one, that was, I'll bring our faith into that one.


I mean, God was a good to us. Even I'll admit when we were, we, we made the least amount of money. We made the most because we were the best with it at that time. You know, more money, more problems type scenario. And that's probably where we were as a group, you know, as me and her and, and even the Lord in our life. That's where we really, we had to bunker down and just be tough and not go, you know, forget about it. We're just gonna go on vacation. We just didn't do that kind of stuff. You know? You just have to stay strong and it comes through. You didn't, didn't wake out. You Yeah. Didn't wake out. Yeah. I think we both got to the point where you, you realize you make a mess of your life, you know, and that really, God's the only one that can fix it. So it's great to have a program and it has great principles in it, but if you don't have God at the center where you can take your mess to him, then the principles only get you so far.


And so God really was central to our story and got us through a lot of the hard things that we went through. Amen. Amen. Well, and it, it, you know, when you're a person of faith and you're leaning into that and you realize the system I'm using has the principles from his word in the system, then that tells you also I'm gonna be okay. Yeah. You know, I, I got reassurance from that when Sharon And I were walking that out. Know, it's like, okay, I get it that some of you people don't understand, but I don't care. This is what dad says to do. And dad's really smart. Yeah. That my heavenly father And sometimes even what he says doesn't make sense smarter and you don't understand it. But he, I just have to assume he's smarter than me. Smarter. Exactly. I'm gonna go with it.


'cause I I'm not doing so good on my own. So Yeah. He's smarter than me. I know that. I'm sure of that. Yeah. I've never made a world So. I'm pretty sure he's smarter than me. That that whole, that whole, you know, the, the, the debtor slave to the lender. And that is, I mean, I, I took my first loan out was with the USDA when I was nine years old on some cattle. And So I wrote my life away at nine years old. And I knew nothing else until me and her got married. Yeah. And now the other day, your baby stepss millionaire's not a debt in the world. Yeah. Amen on that one. I'll tell you what not to do. 'cause you talk about some people are the nerd and, and some are the, the fun spenders. Well he's definitely more than nerd. And so he, he's a spreadsheet guy like you said.


But he would make his spreadsheet and he would bring it to bed and be all excited. Like, boy, look at this. Oh boy, we gotta have some boundaries here. Yes, You're a romantic. Aren't Don't bring the spreadsheet to bed and show me. We'll talk about that over coffee in the morning. Yeah. I'm thinking I don't want to see the spreadsheet now. I could be wrong. Gosh. Wow. Yeah. That's nerdy for us. So he's definitely the nerd. I love you guys. You're fun. Well done. Hey, we've got a copy of the baby steps millionaire's book. 'cause that's you Total Money Makeover book. 'cause that's you and Financial Peace University. 'cause that's you, you can give those away. You can read them whatever you want. Do. They're our gift to you. Bring the kiddos up and let's have a debt-free scream. What are their names and ages?


We have Adeline, which is our oldest and she's 10. We have August at seven. And then we have Piper, she's five. And then we have Dax and he's fixing to be two in November. And then number number Five will be Born in March. Love it. 582,000 paid in 10 years, making 65 to one 14. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. You guys ready? 3, 2, 2, 1. We're dead. Yeah. That's how they do it now. Marella boys and girls. Woo. I love it. Hey, it's Rachel Cruz and I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here with all new encouragement and guidance from Dr.


John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ken Coleman is my co-host. Jimmy is in San Antonio. Hi Jimmy, how are you? Hey there, Dave. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Yeah, I sent it a question. Your dude's got in contact with me and now I gotta ask it to you in person.


So in today's world of like five round interviews, automatic rejection systems, And, I, like thousands of people applying for the same jobs. Jobs, how do you think that a 20 something year old dude might try and stand out in today's job market Personal connection to the extent that you can find it. And, I, And, I say this, this is general advice. And. I understand that at times it could be more difficult than others. But if you can find a personal connection, and it may be one to one, it's more likely one to two, meaning two or three people between you and a person in that building. So if you're applying for company A, B, C, and the first thing you want to do is just figure out through all of your connections, your close social ties, that's your friends and family people you're doing life with, and then all of your relationships from acquaintances to former friends at college, Facebook, the socials, all of that.


You start to see if you can find somebody that knows somebody in the building at A, B, C. And what we're trying to do there is through the credibility of relationships, will that person at company A, B, C take your resume? And even though you gotta go through all the other stuff, the, the AI and all the filters, will they take your resume in and talk to the hiring manager? Go, Hey listen, here's how I know Jimmy, and this is what I know about Jimmy. And you know, I think Jimmy's probably a really good candidate to look at. We really wanna be that simple. We wanna be that analog in a very digital world that's gonna make you stand out. There's some credibility now.


There's no guarantee for that. Now the second piece of advice I would give is if you get into the interview process, the way to stand out in today's world, And I think has always been the way to stand out is the questions you ask in the interview. Most people don't treat an interview Jimmy. Like the interview is just as much for them as it is for the company that's looking at you. Yeah. This is, this is a day. What are some good questions he could ask? Great. So first question I would ask is, tell me the kind of person that wins in this role, how this is to the hiring manager. Describe the person that you think is gonna win in this role. Okay. Another question is, describe your leadership and management style.


What, what would someone need to know to thrive and connect well with you? These are two very interesting questions that require that hiring manager actually think. And in this process, if they've actually thought about that and they haven't answered, they're gonna give you an answer. You get to assess if you think you're a good fit there. The second thing it will do is whether they got a great answer for it or not, you're gonna stand out because you put them on their heels in a good way. In other words, you didn't ask a twerp question, you asked an inc insightful question that implies that you want to fill that role. And that's the way you ask it. Those are two samples. But I've got a a how to win the interview resource@kencoleman.com. That's free.


That goes into great detail. So I. Don't have to list all those out, but that's how you stand out in today's interview process. Well, And it it kind of, I I I think it's always just a good idea to put the employer's shoes on. Yes. So I. I'm, I mean I I as an employer, I don't personally do interviews at Ramsey anymore, ever. I'm not good at it for one thing, but the, what I'm looking for is if they're asking questions that tell me they're a taker, how much does pay? Yeah, that's Exactly right. How much time off I get. Right? You're just trying to figure out what, how little amount of work you can do for how much money.


Right. Instead, I like questions of they're, they're not a taker. They're, they're, they're not subtraction, they're addition. That's Right. That's Right. They're not division, they're multiplication. And so, you know, how can I add value? How can I, you, the question you asked, I like that one. It's like, what, what kind of person wins here? Yeah. You know, if I came in here and And I, you know, what, what's the advice you would say to move ahead at Ramsey? Yeah, that's a great question. And how can I add value? How can I, how can I make you more than I cost you? Because that's really what's running through an employer's head is can IROI this payroll item? Yeah. That's what they're asking. It's like if I hire a technician, I'm in the heat and air business.


He's gotta do more heat and air work than he, than I pay him to make a profit on having hired him. Yeah. Otherwise I don't get to keep him 'cause I can't afford him. Yeah. Here's another question. Describe how this team that you lead, describe how they work together. What's that? How would you describe, if you're gonna pick a one word to describe this current team? Again, an insightful question that yields an answer for you and it actually gives you some sense of what it's actually like there. You know? Yeah. And, and what kind of, what kind of team member, what would I need to be Right. To be a great team member That's right. To, to add value to this team and to, to add what, what kind of synergy can I add or, or lift can I add? And, and so By the way, if you get a nothing answer or a crap answer, so if it sounds like a politician on a Sunday morning show, that's the nothing answer.


A lot of words, no substance, or you get a really kind of crappy answer. That's a warning sign. Yeah. That maybe I don't wanna be a part of this team. If I can't sit with a leader and a leader tell me, this is the kind of person who wins here. You do this, you win, we reward this here. And they, they, by the way, we will show you now, Ramsey example, you asked that question at Ramsey. And, and a leader's gonna show you somebody in our company. They'll point this way, this way and this way and say, now they started out in this position. Now they're here. I always think of that old story of the guy walking along the, the dirt path. And he comes along a guy and the guy says, what were the people like in that town? You just left over there. And he said, well, what were they like in the last town? Yeah. He goes, they were wonderful. He goes, you'll find 'em be wonderful. He runs in another guy and he says, what are the people like over there?


And he goes, what'd you find in the last town? He goes, oh, they were horrible. They were just awful. He goes, well, you're gonna find that over there too. That's so true. And so, so if somebody sits down, all they tell me is all the horrible things about all the places they've worked. Yeah. And the only common denominator is them. There you go. I'm done. That's right. Done. So you come in and victim mentality your interview, you screwed up your interview. So, because it's possible that you are actually a victim of a toxic thing, but not repeatedly. That's highly unlikely unless you are like attracting this. Well, that's a very good point. I mean, you don't know how to sniff it out. You keep allowing yourself to go to These situations. Well, I mean, yeah.


Or it, you know, or you're just a drama queen. You're You're part of the toxicity. Yeah. You're, you're, you're the, you bring It with you the Core of the issue. There we go. Hey guys, for all of you that are listening to the show right this second on YouTube or on a podcast at the top of the hour here, the show is going to end and the other 40 minutes of the show is available for free on the new Ramsey Network app. As a matter of fact, all three segments of the all the entire show is available. The first part and the last part on The Ramsey Network app, video and audio. And so you can watch the show, listen to the show, however you wanna do, download the show.


You can search the show on The Ramsey Network app by subject and find calls that we have taken on each subject. You can send emails that we will answer from the ram on the air, from The Ramsey Network app. It is 100% free. We are not going, we do not have plans to take it to a subscription. We simply need to offload part of the programming. And we're built out, like our audio book stuff is over there. Everything else is, we're starting to build a whole network app literally over there. And the last 40 minutes of the podcast, the last 40 minutes of the YouTube show is now available only on The Ramsey Network app.


So jump on the app store, get The Ramsey Network app, download it, open unit account. It's completely free. You can watch the whole show there. Or you can just jump over there and pick up the last 30 or last 40, whatever you wanna do. Google Play as well. It works on all of that. If you're listening on radio, nothing changes. Everything's exactly where it's always been. We're not moving a dime on radio. So if you're in a city where they carry radio runs by the hour, if you're in a city where they carry all three hours, you're still gonna get all three hours. We're not changing a thing on that. But this is podcast and YouTube. The last 40 minutes is free and available only on The Ramsey Network app in the app store or in Google Play.


And jump over there and get that done. And you can, you can click on the show notes. If you wanna get the free app too, that'll allow, that'll be another way you can get it and get it done. I can promise you this. The value is gonna be worth the cost. There you go. It's free. It's free. Okay. This is not hard. Quit your crying. Don't be crying about it. It's free. Yeah. Ramsey Network. Check it out. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.