
Live From the headquarters of at Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friends and host of The Dr. John Delony Show, as well as bestselling author John Maloney. And So we are here to answer your questions, life, money, career, relationships, anything and everything. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. First, we have Sierra in Cincinnati. Hey Sierra, welcome to the show. Hi. Hello. Hello. How can we help? Oh, yes, I was just calling to inquire.


I've been, you know, recently addicted to listen to the show and So I amm wanting to pay down debt and get into a position to invest more. So I had a question in regards to if I should possibly rehome my dog, even though I don't want to, to get out dog boarding fees when I'm traveling for work. Oh, no. Okay. How often? Yeah, most people listening like their dogs more than any people in their life. Sierra, how often are you traveling? I'm sorry? How often are you traveling? So, travel with my new job, I travel a little less than I did before, so probably it just goes with the storms potentially like five to six months outta the year.


And I'm usually gone from like 10 to 14 days at a time. Okay. And what's the, what's the boarding situation? Are you going to like an actual border or do you have someone come and, and pet sit? So I have a sitter now that's pretty consistent and looking, my bank did like a overview of all my spending and for my dog I spent about $10,000 last year. Oh wow. Yeah, if you're going half the year, I, I mean, How long have you had to, Or should I like, maybe talk to my sitter to try to see if we can negotiate something? That's What I was wondering, or, or is there, so I just wonder if there's other options.


I always hate just like a, I would say this is my only option. I would say get rid of the dog. Oh my goodness. I know, I know. Half America just hung up on like, they just are gonna send mean cards and letters to James About me. How much, how, how much are you making a year? So my base is around 79,000. Okay. And now with my additional pay when I'm traveling, I usually, like last year, I think my growth is about 87. Okay. But this Isn't, this isn't financial me, this is actually for the dog, but I just also got a raise too. So this year my gross would probably be around 90 to 95,000. Amazing. Okay. How much debt do you have? So a lot.


That's okay. So I have $20,000 for my car and then I have a credit card with ten five on it. Okay. And then student loans is 70,000 plus 5,000 of interest. Okay. So 70 5K. Okay. So you're right at a hundred grand of debt making 95 spending 10 grand on the dog per year. So I might be going down because you have a new job. And and how long have you had the dog? They're five and six. You have two? Yes. Five and six. Ah, okay. But it's like for the dog's sake, they only get to see you half the year, right?


Yes, but they're excited when they see me when I come back. Ah, dude, Sierra, all dogs are excited. They haven't gone For five minutes. No, I, okay, here's what I would do, Sierra, I just wonder if there's anyone in your life who wants a dog as well And you can like co-parent this dog, You're outta your mind. And For like six months out of the year, this dog goes and lives with your friend who's like great with a dog and loves it and, And you guys Well, So it's not like a consistent, like, it like a storm could happen today or a storm could happen a couple months from now. It's not like consistent. Like right now I'm in down season, but like storm season. Yeah, I understand. I'm just saying, I mean the co there's No friend like that, Rachel.


I'm Joking. Like the co-parenting. No, she could, you could totally have a friend that's like, oh, I love dogs and they're, and Sierra's like, I'm just, I, I can't, I have, And they're like, can live with our dogs friends on the planet. I dunno any friend. That'd be like, anytime Tara and I drop your dog off for six months, that'd be awesome. I don't know that person. Maybe, maybe. I think, I think you're, I think you're right. I think you're what brought you to this question? Even that you're considering it, do you think it's the right move? No, I don't. I, okay. I don't know. I dunno if I would like, I like if I track my expenses and just cut everything out, I'm looking at like, including like $200 a month towards the dogs when I'm not traveling just to like, build up a expense.


Like right now I'm at like 2,800 in expenses a month. Okay. 'cause my last job used to gimme per diem. So the per diem helped out with the dog costs. Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Totally. I mean, 'cause here's my thing. I'm like, Sierra, you'll be outta debt in what, probably two and a half years. Like if you really, well, When I ran it was like three, like almost four years with the student loans. I th yeah, I think you can do it faster. I would pick up an extra job. I, I mean, I would do things because especially During the slow season. Can you work right now? I've been trying to think of options. I'm not at an area where there's like Uber or DoorDash or anything of that nature.


Okay. Yeah. I would get, I would get creative on the income side and be able to pay off your debt faster. Because here's the thing, the debt is so temporary. You could be outta debt in let's just say two and a half years and then, you know, your dogs will be eight Dogs are forever, It'll be eight. You'll have like another two years. Yeah. Maybe That's the question. Do you want to go get during your off time, if you're home for a month or two without a big storm, do you wanna work on those days that you're home work, put in eight, 10 hours a day, just bust it, go throw boxes at Walmart, go pick up a shift at at McDonald's or whatever. Work really hard on those days and over the course of a year, you'll probably earn about an extra 10 grand If those dogs are worth that investment, then you've answered your question.


That's A good way of Yeah, that's a good way of framing it. That if you had to work extra and make $800 a month, I mean, to, to cover the cost of those dogs, is that, is that investment, is that worth it for you? Yeah, possibly could. It is just like they'd be in the house more if I work more. Okay. But I mean, think you have to just make that call for yourself. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And there is, I mean, there's a, there's a lifestyle question for sure of the happiness of the dogs, right? Yeah. I'm like, yeah, if you are gonna have you and I Spoil them too, So You Yeah. But we spoil our dogs. Not for them, but we spoil 'em for us. Right. I spoil mine too, But yeah, Probably The dogs don't care. Right. My son found a couple of like old cows in this old field and he brought 'em home.


The dogs are the happiest they've ever been with like these, you know, old cow. Like they don't care. We spoil 'em for us, right? Yes. Alright. If you need a, if you need an anchor when you come home, you've been gone for a month, you need an anchor to get home to like, So you don't come home to an empty apartment. I totally get that. I totally get that. Okay. Thank you. But I think you just, the math, the sucky part here is math doesn't care about any of this. The math is you, you owe a hundred thousand dollars And you make 90. And okay, how quickly can we get that debt paid off? Yeah. So I think that's it. I think it's just, it's the sacrificial question. And is it worth, is that sacrifice worth it? Getting rid of them to gain an extra 20 grand over two years? And how quickly does that help you become debt free faster?


And if that's not worth that sacrifice, you're like, no, I will be in debt six months longer in order to keep the dogs or whatever. You know, it ends up being for you. And that's great too. So, no, I I, I can't sit here in good faith and say, yes, you need to sell these dogs. But I can, I can't say, but if it was, if it was me, I probably, I probably would. I wouldn't sell 'em. They're not for sale. And I like my dogs mo more than almost every person I know. And so, like, I'm a dog guy, But Yeah. Yeah. That's a hard one. Sierra, 20,000 bucks. I, I would find option C. See if there's a good friends who will take them. That friend does not exist. I believe. I believe that friend is out there. C this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, George Kamel here with a not so fun fact. Every American social security number, including our children's, has been hacked and is now on the dark web. And this is not a scare tactic. This isn't fear-mongering. It's a reality that could turn into a nightmare for a lot of people. And believe me, I've been a victim of identity theft and I would prefer it never happen again. Because once the bad guys have your social, it's the lifeblood for all of their activity. Think of all the places you use, your social, your banking, your employer, government offices, utilities, cell phone companies everywhere. And once they've got it, thieves can open new accounts, drain existing ones, steal payroll and wreak havoc all in your name. Not cool. And to be real, it's not a matter of if, but when. So you've got to protect yourself with Xander's id, theft protection. Xandr has all the cyber tools to help, including home title monitoring, full recovery services if you do become a victim. And stolen funds protection. Not to mention it's the best value on the market. They've been protecting my family for over a decade, and I trust them to protect yours too. So get enrolled today by calling 803 5 6 42 82 or just visit xander.com. That's Z-A-N-D-E r.com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. If you are a listener of the show and you've been listening for a while, we actually have a survey that is out and it is live. Oh, great. The segment after I told this poor woman to sell her dogs. What? We're gonna do a RAMSEY survey. People Are gonna be Oh, everybody's be like, what do we not wanna hear John Telling people to sell their dogs. By the way, George Campbell, which he should, the guy who loves his two dogs more than any human, it's ob absurd. They, He didn't hear the whole call though. I know, but he was with me. He Walked by and said, sell the dogs, sell the dogs. But he didn't have all the context. I think George would give both of his feet. I know. And one of his hands for both of his hands, for his two For olive and blue.


Oh yeah. What are the names Olive. The fact that you and her, his friend, know the names of his. We talk about these dogs all the time on Smart Money, Happy Hour. They get brought up more than hi more than Mia, his daughter. I know. That's how much, you know, he, they have to wipe their butts. They wipe their, do you know that? Oh, I do. That's when I told George they have to, I put George on friendship, probation, They have to do that. I was like, you don't have a Dog at that point. You know why? 'cause God didn't make that dog and Then the dog have to s did to sleep and then the dogs have to sleep in the bed. Oh, it's a whole thing. Anyways, If you wanna hear more about George's dog, make sure to check out this survey. But for all, we wanna know your favorite parts of this show, what you like, what you don't like, what you wanna hear more of.


I mean, just everything. We want to know your thoughts around the show to make the show better because we do this for you guys. And so there's really two ways that you can participate. One, you can text the word survey to 3, 3, 7, 8, 9, or you can visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey. Or if you're listening on podcast or you're watching or listening on YouTube, we'll put the link in the description. But we're giving away a $500 Gift Card to someone that fills out the survey. But again, go fill that out. It's very, very helpful to us. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey. All right, go into the phones. We have Lisa in Houston, Texas. Rich Tone. What's up Lisa? Hey Lisa. Hello. Hi, how are y'all?


We're Doing great. How can we help? Good question. My husband and I are both in our late fifties. We have nothing saved for retirement. What can I do? Well, I should say that for myself. I'm clinically and legally blind and he works offshore, so he's not home a lot. So I just trying to figure out what can we do? Who helps with your caretaking while he's gone? Nobody. I'm here alone. Oh, good grief. Oh yeah. I can maneuver pretty well, thank God. My goodness. So you all have no pension, no social getting Social security, anything are getting any or disability at all, Lisa? No, no, no.


In my life, we've been married almost 37 years. I've only worked maybe four years if you connect all the days together. So I don't have anything like that. Does he though? Yes, I'm sure he does. He's been working forever, but yes. Okay. Y'all need to combine your money 'cause y'all are gonna be retired together. Okay, well that's what I'm saying. I don't have any money. I don't, I, like I said, I haven't worked in years. I know. I don't think you're hearing what I'm saying. Oh no, I'm probably not. Go ahead. No, it's okay. Like you, you haven't worked, but you've kept that household up while he's gone, right? Oh right. Yes, Yes. And so his money has the money that he's earned and the money and, and it's y'all's money is what I'm trying to say.


Right? Right. It is. It's So we Don't, we share a bank account and everything. Yes. Perfect. So does he have a retirement with his company or does he have mutual funds or a 4 0 1 or social security? Social Security. I believe he would have that as far as 401k. The companies with his, this company bought out two years ago, so I think they just started the 401k, but he hasn't gotten into it yet. He's been at this company for two years. Okay. Lisa, how much does he make a year? About 101,000. Okay. A hundred thousand. And what kind of debt do you guys have? Well, I have a, a SBA loan on my home car debt.


Do you even know the amounts or what? Yes, I would love to. Yep. Okay. The house, 85,000. Okay. The car, 45,000 credit card debt. We have maybe three cards all together. It's about 25,000 student loan. 16,000. And you said there was SBA that can't be the right one. What, what loan do you have on your house? Yes, It's SBA What happened is we paid off the house back in 2014, but when Harvey hit and my husband's company folded back then went bankruptcy, we had to live off of whatever money we had in his 401k and he didn't get another job offshore until a year later.


So how did y'all get an SBA loan? Had he taken it out with his company and y'all just took that money and used it for your expenses? It was for the, it was because of Harvey, the flood. Yeah. We were, we were flooded out my, our whole city. So we, yeah, I was in Houston. I remember that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, we didn't have house insurance at that time because he had lost his job a year before. And so therefore we Didn't You took out the 85,000 to fix the home and to live off of? Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. And nothing saved, do you? Yeah. Do you any cash? Well, I do have 9,000 cash, but that's, I'm saving to get a roof. I'm gonna need a roof before August.


A roof on the home. Yes. Okay. So yeah, I mean this is, this is a tough one, Lisa. Just because of the reality of these numbers and where to get you guys in order to start looking into retirement. I mean, he probably will not be retiring anytime soon. Is his health? Is his health? Okay. It's okay. Okay. Yeah. So I think that you guys just need a game plan. I think you've, there and to a degree have kind of just been floating And, you know, using debts to, to fix issues also, you know, kind of patch up things in life and there's not really been a plan. So what I would do is I would sit down with, you guys sit together tonight, And you both really need to be on the same page, like in a really deep way.


J John was mentioning that earlier, but like the, what you're gonna have to do here in the next 7, 8, 9, 10 years is, I mean, it's, it's a decade of saying, Hey, we're gonna, we're gonna have to do something completely different the way we've been doing money. And you both have to be bought into that. And so what it's gonna look like, Lisa, is to be paying off the smallest debt first. So you're gonna work on those student loans, those 16,000, you're going to next, cut up the credit cards, start paying those off, smallest to largest. And if there's three of those, so the goal here is to write down all of your debts separately. So if you have two student loans, write them as two different loans, three credit cards, write them as three different, 'cause the goal here is to write out every piece of debt you have, and you're gonna pay off the smallest one first, and you're gonna work your way through.


But I mean, this is without, with without any extra income and just him. Yeah, it's gonna, it's gonna take you guys probably three to four years to get out of this. And so my, my challenge to you, Lisa, is, you know, we've talked to a lot of people on the show with a lot of different situations and a lot of obstacles in life. And we've talked to people that have been legally blind and that they, that they haven't gotten disability or they haven't been able to apply for government assistance or anything like that. But they, you know, they, they've done things creatively to think through, Hey, how in any way can I bring in an extra, so like even you, Lisa, being able to bring in $400, $500 extra a month.


I mean, just something. Because the more that you guys sacrifice, lifestyle, don't live on anything, And you throw as much as you can at debt, that, that's, that's really the only way to get out of this. I wish there was a magic wand just to wave and change the whole situation. But your steps are gonna be Lisa to get outta debt first and then beyond that, save some cash and then start looking into retirement. That's why I'm saying it's gonna probably be a good decade. And then I would start lowering my expenses. Because when you guys get to the point of retirement, I want you to be able to, yes, use social security, but also be able to cash flow your lifestyle at that point from the decisions you're making today.


Okay? And if you, if you were my mom, I, I don't wanna over sensationalize this, but I have a couple of buddies that worked offshore out in the Gulf, and your husband's time out there is, is short And you know that, right? Right. You can't keep doing that late into his fifties, right? That's hard work. That's a young man's game. So y'all are making a six figure income. I would get maniacal about paying this stuff off. There's no reason to have a $45,000 depreciating asset car in a driveway when you can't drive because of your vision. And he's gone a month or two or three at a time, right? That's a, that's a used Camry house.


You don't need a big old, fancy, nice car on in the driveway And you need to sell that ASAP and knock that dead off. But y'all just gonna have to get radical and I hope he'll be there with you. I think the words I would start with are, I'm very, very scared about our situation. Would you be willing to make a radical shift with me? 'cause I mean, Harvey, it was in 14, it flooded, it was a zoo. That's 10 years, that's 11 years ago and y'all are still haven't messed with those debts. So let's get on it.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey folks, we all have stories. The family and cultural stories that we were born into, the stories of the things that have happened to us, both good and bad, and the stories that we constantly tell ourselves. And while we can't go back and change any of our old stories, the world is waiting to see what you and I are gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I wanna encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new ones you're writing. And I'm not talking about goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life forever for the better. And if you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories, even heal from them and begin to write new ones. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is 100% online therapy And you can talk with a licensed therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with the licensed therapist And you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


So we are really excited to announce that there is going to be a two night virtual event talking about investing. This is a subject that I know can be very complicated in a way, it can be intimidating. And so being able to break it down, kind of put the cookies on the bottom shelf, talk about investing in a way that makes sense, and then above that to be like, okay, how do we really build wealth? And so there's this event with Dave RAMSEY and George Kamel and it's called Investing Essentials. And it's gonna be absolutely fantastic. It's a virtual event. Again. They're gonna walk through how to maximize your 401k and mutual funds, get the most out of your money and Invest with confidence. Plus, it's really the only place that Dave talks about his personal playbook when it comes to real estate investing and explaining how Dave has made hundreds of millions of dollars on property investments.


Now you can get clarity and confidence when it comes to the subject of investing and building wealth long term. So make sure to check out Investing Essentials. It's happening on March 4th and fifth. And again, it's virtual. You can just watch it from your home and take it. Start at one ninety nine, a hundred ninety $9. You can get yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Or if you're listening on podcast or YouTube, click the link in the description. This is one of our biggest events last year. Virtual events. People Loved it. And Dave opens up his actual portfolio like, y'all wanna know how I do it? Here's how I do it. Talks about it. Yep. Which is awesome. It's really, really great. So everything again, from investing into the market and real estate is that events, ro zoo solutions.com/events.


All right. Go into the phones. We have Ben in Kansas City. Hey Ben, welcome to the show. Good afternoon. I have a long time listener, really believe in your systems. I'm in a situation, I'm a blast of, my three kids is graduating from college in May and she is entering dental school. And over the years I've heard you and Dave and all talk about the fact that be careful about taking student loans and her dental school is gonna be approximately $400,000 over the four years. And I'm trying to find out what solution or what ideas you might have to finance that So we don't have to take out the traditional school loans.


You're not gonna like our answer. Okay. I, I spent my whole career in higher ed. That's my, that's been my whole world until just a few years ago. And as my son says, I became a YouTuber and I also studied the mental health of attorneys, physicians, health professionals. And at the very top of that list is dentist. And I believe personally, I don't, I didn't do a, a financial study. I believe it's because they get outta school with three or $400,000 in debt and then they immediately go in and are told they have to buy a practice or buy into a practice or just to start open up their own shingle.


They gotta take out another million dollar business loan to get this thing going. And then they find themselves on a 50 year treadmill that they will never be able to get off of. And so the thing I would implore you to do is please don't take out half a million dollars in debt. And I know it's your daughter's dream. I love dentists, I love good dentists. That's, I've got, I've bought many a dentists a nice car with the work they've had done, but it's such a crushing burden and I've just had the blessing yet the heartbreak of sitting behind closed doors with dentists, man when their worlds are falling apart. 'cause they owe so much money. Yeah, Yeah. So there's not, there's not an easy thing. I could tell you I'm, I, I wish I was, man, but I'm sorry.


It's become so insanely cost prohibitive. And I do know I'm not one of these end of timers. Like if med school is expensive, because, you know, you have to hire, you have to hire a surgeon who knows how to take a heart out of somebody and put another one in there. You gotta hire that person outta the marketplace to go teach at a college. Right? That's expensive. So med school's gonna be expensive. Dental school's gonna be expensive. I want dental school to be done right and done great. All that. So I'm all about it, but I can't, having seen the psychological toll of owing half a million dollars on day one of your brand new job, I can't good conscience say you just, just go find that student loan and go knock that out.


So are there alternatives that we could look at as far as financing it? Can I help finance it? What, what other options are out there other than student loans? Well, with these types of schools law, I mean, I put law school in this, you know, if you're getting your MD dental school, you know, there, there are situations where we've talked to people that have done it debt-free, but they're very creative, they're very unique. It's a very kind of a small sliver of whether it's, you know, these types of working for the school internships. Like there's like different types of ways that you can do it. Different programs specifically when you're looking at law, specifically when you're looking at medical and even dental.


And again, I, I'm, I don't even know where to direct you in that, but we have had people call and we've had someone, we had someone just a few months ago on the debt stage and they were, they went and, and I think it was their law degree they got and they got it completely paid for. So again, there's like these creative alternatives been that you can look into that are out there. Again, they're very, they're they're slim. It's there. What's what's your finances been? Where, where are you and your wife? Well, I'm 64, my wife is 60. So approaching retirement, still working full time. We're, we're completely debt free.


So, you know, we're we, we, and we had a 5 29 account for each of our kids and that helped them through their undergraduate. Yeah. And they all got scholarships as well. So that helped a lot. And we haven't even applied for scholarships yet for dental school. We're gonna be starting that process. But is there anything left in any of the five 20 nines from the other kids that have already completed school and are not gonna go back? Go back. There is the, the total amount at this point in time is about $66,000 With all the five 20 nines in your kids' names, not just hers. Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. So I guess the creative adventure dude would be, and like I say, this is me spitballing, there's not an easy solution here until graduate programs decide we're going to intentionally, and I think it's gonna have to be a university and a public partnership.


And you know how I feel about partnering with a government on anything, but we all need doctors. We need good attorneys. We need good dentists, but we also need doctors and attorneys and a dentist and dentists that can breathe at night so they can sleep so they can show up for the least of these. And they can't with this kind of money. So if you, if you immediately walk in and so now you've got, you're down to 3 44 'cause you got 66,000 and if your daughter can punt her entrance for one year and get a job and make $50,000 and live with you guys And you can, now you're down to 300. Right. So I would tell you to try to figure out a way to cash flow it and then if you get some, get some scholarships down to a certain, I mean, that's what I tell you to figure it out.


And if you have to postpone a year or two, they'll, they'll punt your admission for a year. They'll defer it for a year and you can figure it out that way. But again, it's a long shot. It's just hard. Yeah. And I would say for her, Ben, to go down that road, what John is saying, because I've know, I know two people that are dentists and they had to buy a practice and or pay into. I mean, like, it, it was, there was so much debt on top of school. There's too loans their school. Yes. Like there's, And you know, kind of unlike a doctor that just kind of plugs into a hospital Right. Or unlike an attorney who can, could literally put this law from their house. You have to go buy dentist chairs and tools. Yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's a different, it's, it's, yeah. It's a, it's a different road. And so I would implore her to go on this discovery and go and inter seriously go and ask and talk to two or three.


Yeah. Dennis. And just ask, because we did a documentary bin and we, we will put the link in the show notes here on the show called Borrowed Future. And one of the guys that we interviewed, he was a dentist, a million dollars in debt. Yeah. A million dollars in debt. Hey Ben, lemme ask you this. What, how many schools has she applied to? Three different schools. And so she got into just one or all of them are about 400,000. She just got into one. Okay. Is it a private school? Is it a for-profit school? Is it a reputable school? It's a reputable school, but it is a private school. Okay. Which is gonna turn the, that May, maybe it is going back to the public schools that she didn't get admitted to and either asking the admissions counselor.


I know in the, with the law school admissions folks I worked with, they were remarkable about telling candidates, here's how your candidacy could have improved when they would, when they would trickle back and ask, and maybe it's applying to more and more public schools across the country and just giving it a shot. Especially you defer enrollment for a year, but private is gonna be your most expensive option. My hope would be you could find a great state dental school for a couple hundred grand and that's, that is what it's gonna cost. And I don't have any, I don't blink an eye about that. But then that would give your family a chance to rally around her. Yeah. And to do this without borrowing money,


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death and predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure So you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid big bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-I ds.org/ RAMSEY.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi Student loan debts is a swamp of thousands of people that find it hard to escape from. So you don't have to be another statistic in the student loan swamp for distressed private student loans. There is Why Refi and we trust Why Refi? Because they help you with a low fixed rate that you couldn't get anywhere else to help you really stick to your budget and get out of debt. So learn more at Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Jessica in Nevada. Jessica writes, my partner and I have been together for four years. Both of us went through horrific divorces. We live together and have part-time custody of our young children from those marriages. We are about to have a baby together, but do not wanna get married. Even though we are in a committed, loving relationship, how can we provide security and protection for each other and our baby in case something happens to one or both of us? My partner has a very well paying job. I'm a teacher. Once we have a baby, I'll probably work part-time or stay at home for a while. So how can we provide security and protection for each other and our baby in case something happens to one or both of us? You know, I like my answer, but get married and give your kid a legal foundation for which good gosh, what a mess.


I mean that's, I mean, that's what you need to do. I mean, or you go sit down with the wills and a state's attorney, I don't know, the state of Nevada, they may have some specific, some different legal things, but the greatest gift you could give your kid is to process and heal from the horrific divorces. And both of y'all go to the therapy that you need and get the care that y'all need. And then don't throw the baby out with the bath water. And so y'all had a, like you went through a really tough car wreck, that doesn't mean we never drive again, but that means we do need to get over the anxiety of getting in a car again. We gotta practice driving. We get, gotta get a new car, but we're gonna have to get back out on the road sometime. And so the safest thing you can do is give your, is get married and then if one of you dies, then this, there's legal protections across the board there.


But I'd go talk to an estate attorney if y'all aren't gonna do that. I don't really have an answer for you other than that. Yeah. Because I do feel like some people it's al it's like this avoidance of like, I don't want marriage because it hurt last time, so we're gonna just not deal with it and do it our own way. Exactly. And because of that, what you missed so many opportunities to probably heal from those traumatic divorces of what you're saying and it actually causes you to face this fear of Yeah. Of like, I don't wanna do this again. I'm so scared. But yet we basically are married from like an emotion, right? We're living together. Like there's a level we're playing House. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But we think we've avoided a potential hurt because we don't have this this legal Standing. Right.


Yeah. And what it's like, it's like, actually a better analogy is we're we were driving in a car and we got in a wreck and we got hurt by our seatbelt and so we're gonna drive again, but we're never wearing a seatbelt again. And what that means is if you get in another wreck, it's gonna be way bigger mess. And the likelihood you're gonna get hurt is way worse Yeah. Than what it was. And So you chose to get back into a romantic relationship. You chose to both share a house together, have a baby together. You both chose to make a human together. So the only thing you're not doing is protecting yourself with the, with the legal protection of a licensed marriage. Yeah. And dude, I'm, I'm been getting this, I've been getting this question more and more and more like I don't wanna get the government involved.


What if you have a kid, the government's involved 'cause they have, you made it one of their citizens. You've done that already, right? If you buy a property with somebody, you've got the government involved. So it's cool to be like, I don't want them move, they're involved. So move on with It. Is there a psych? What, what's the psychological like play here when you are not married and doing all of this, right? Living together, having a baby together. And then from, not just from a legal standpoint, but what does that do emotionally, psychologically to say like, oh, well we've entered a marriage. Is does something shift in that? It can. And if it's, you've got, you know, if, if, if they did go through horrific divorces, which I believe then yeah. If you have trauma surrounding an a, an old behavior And you re-engage in that new behavior, you're gonna have to deal with it, right?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. But but is There a le level of commitment? Like is there something about the seriousness? There's something about people that, about it. It does. Yes. You, you have to be all in. Yeah. I wish there was another way to say it, but if you're not all in, then when things get rocky, which they will you so much Easier to Leave. Yeah. You hop out so much easier to leave. And so what you're, what you're almost guaranteeing is any bumps in the road in the future, it's just gonna be messier. Except quite honestly, Jessica and she's In a worse spot. I'm gonna over gender this, but this, you're in the bad spot here because of his name is on this house And you don't have a job And you become just baby mama or living girlfriend and y'all break up, you're in a mess.


Right? Protect having to reenter the workforce, protect you. So in a weird way, a marriage may protect you more right now. And so again, meet with a, an estate attorney in Nevada and work that stuff out individually. But yeah man, I, I hate this for you 'cause y'all are, y'all are in a mess. You're trying to, you're, you're avoid A reality that You're trying to go swimming without getting wet and you're already in the pool, man. You're already in the pool. All right, let's go to Richard in Anaheim, California. Hi Richard, welcome to the show. Hey guys, thank you for taking the call. Really appreciate it. Absolutely. I know you're kind of south of everything going on there, but you guys good North of the fires? Yeah, We're good. We're very safe.


Is it Anaheim South of, it's south of Santa Monica, right? Yeah, we're Orange County. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Sorry. I used to to be a geography teacher. Didn didn't know that. Sean doesn't know his is California geography. Yeah. How, how can we help? So here, here's what I'm asking. I'm gonna be, I'm 50 years old basically Okay. With three children, you know, all toddlers under the age of 10. And you know, I, I'm tired of just the, the day-to-day rat race my job, you know, pays for our bills, but I don't ever have anything saved. My wife is a stay-at-home mother taking care of the kids and we homeschool.


Okay. It's very, very important to us. We're very religious when it comes to that. So that's a, a non-negotiable Okay. For getting a job. But, you know, I'm, I'm, I own my home. I have 300 grand in equity. You know, I have been on the job a long time and I'm just, you know, I'm just staying above water. Cost of living is just so expensive here in California. You know, my monthly nut that I have to pay, pardon my French, is, you know, $8,300 a month. You know, my mortgage is 49, 40 $900. I have, you know, one debt, which is my car payment. You know, I owe like 17,000.


My wife's car is paid off, you know, so I'm just, Hey Richard, I'm Just at the point. Yeah, You feel like you're just running, running and there's no traction. You should move. I wanna move to another state. They moved to another state considering I did it And pay cash. I did it. And it was, some things were really great. Some things were really tough. And the good thing is that we got a chance to start over and make a new life. And the bad thing is, is I went with me. So any of my old stuff that I didn't like about myself or my parenting or how I was as a husband, I came with me. So I had to deal with it here. But you should move. What's your wife say, Richard? My my wife's open to it.


It's just all her family is all within a 20 mile radius within here in southern California. So it's a little bit of a challenge. It's what I did. They're older, it's not good. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard. Yeah. And that's, it is hard. And you know, it just, I could go and pay cash for a house in another state and not have any debt. My income's gonna stay the same in the next 10, 10 years. It's not gonna fluctuate that, that much going up. And I make 137,000 a year. What do you do for a living? I just, I do national accounting. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Travel. I travel a lot and I thought I was getting a second job on the weekends, but then I'll never see the kids because I'm, I travel.


Hey Richard. Richard, you know, 50 Richard? Yeah. Yeah. I can hear it. You, you travel and every minute you're traveling, you're thinking I should be moving. And when you're at night and the kids are in bed, you're looking up other real estate in other states, here's what you're doing. You're slowly making yourself crazy. Ah, Just move. And here's the beautiful part. If you hate it, y'all can move back. But right now, I hadn't thought About that. I think you need to go ask your wife. Can we do, can we do 24 months? Can we commit to a new town and a new a new area? There's gonna be a lot of grieving. Family's not gonna like you. They're gonna get mad at you. I went through that. Doing holidays is gonna be weird. And So you may need to budget a little bit more for travel over the holidays.


We'd have to do that too. And then get outta there man. Go do something else. And this has nothing to do with California. It just has to do with you're done in this area. Yeah. And you want a little bit more And you're trying to justify it any other way of like, stop being angry about it. Everything's coming out about, Stop being angry about it. Just make your next move, man. It's not worth, it's not worth your soul. And, and just being angry and, And there's no time. And that's the thing is like, there's not a light at the end of the tunnel. It's the, it's just gonna be the same life over and over and over. Something Different. Yeah. Right. So change it. Yeah. Change. And you can always go back. Can always go back. Always go back. Yep. Well thanks so much. The guys in the booth. Thank you John. Always being a great host and thank you America. We'll be back.


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This Is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7


Live From Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Dr. John Del What up? And So we are answering your calls on life, money, relationships, career, anything and everything. Give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five. And if you're listening live Yeah, we, we are here for the next two hours so we'll be, we'll be here by the phone. So give us a Call in the last hour. I'm not gonna lie, it was a, it was a heavy one. It was a sad hour. It was, it Was. Yeah. First saw my dogs James child cut his beard.


It was a whole thing. It was a heavy, heavy hour. So we're gonna lighten it up a little bit on this one. No, it's gonna be great. And our board is full of calls from all around the country. So let's dive in. Let's have Michael start us off this hour in Chicago. Mike Chicago. Mike. Mike. Mike. What's up Michael In Chicago. Hey Michael. Hi guys. Thank you for having me and thank you for taking my question. Yes, you Got it. What's up man? So my parents asked me for 40 to 50 K for a down payment for a second home. Oh God. No, don't do that. Okay, well, can, Can I, Sorry, finish this question. Okay, go ahead. So they, they currently live about 10 hours away from the rest of us siblings and they don't have the down payment for that home.


The reason for them not being able to move and be closer to us is my father is waiting to finish five more years at his job to collect a pension. And they're wanting to have the flexibility to be closer but to have their own place. I'm 25 years old, just got out of my own debt. I'm really unsure what to do. Yeah. I would say no. Why are they coming to you, Michael and not another sibling? I'm the most financially secure right now. My other three siblings are living paycheck to paycheck or just getting out of their own student loans. Okay. So what they're asking you is a couple of things. They've created a set of principles for their life. We're gonna stay here for five more years.


We don't wanna be uncomfortable when we travel. We wanna have our own place. Problem is they're grown adults, but they can't afford these principles they've put into motion. So they come to their 25-year-old child and said, you make our dreams that we can't afford. You make our principles concrete because we can't. Right. And you just, it's not your job. Right. And by the way, this will mess up your relationship. Relationship. I would tell you there's a financial reason to not do this. But the main thing is, dude, it will mess up your relationship with your dad Worried about, Yeah. So I don't, do you have $25,000 in cash? You can just hand them. Yeah, yeah.


I, I'm debt free now at quite a bit in a savings account right now that he's aware of. Obviously he helps me look at my financials. He is the only one I talked to my financials about. So you need to stop doing that by the way. Yeah. Okay. He's violated that trust and So you need to get a SmartVestor Pro and have that person do that. I love my dad more than life itself and him and I don't go through the, the intimate details of our finance, my of our finances together. Okay. I have a person and he's got a person and that helps preserve our relationship. Right. I hate this for you man. How do you do, can you predict at all Michael, just from the pattern of who they are? Is it more your dad wanting this, you think?


Or your mom? So it's obviously a complex situation. All of us kids were all over the country when they decided to move down south away from us. And now my two of my siblings are getting married in the next few months and, you know, wanting to have children obviously pretty quickly. So I think a lot of it has to do with them wanting to be closer to us during those times. Obviously being stuck at that place that they're at right now due to the, their current position. Yeah. Well they wouldn't be able to come up a ton anyways 'cause he's working still. Right. I mean, how often would they be able to come up realistically? Yeah, that's a good question too. And I, I don't, I don't know how Obviously, so I would ask them that and honestly Michael, for them I'm like, I mean just do an Airbnb for two weeks.


That's, I mean like as they're coming up, I mean for them financially that makes more sense instead of having an asset here. You know, we had some friends and they were in-laws Yeah. We were out state. They weren't asking them for money, but they were considering buying a condo. And after they ran all the numbers, like, well, we're really probably realistically only gonna be here a total of maybe six weeks throughout the year. Like, you put it all together, your kids are here, you can stay with them or get a hotel. I don't know, it just from a financial standpoint, it doesn't make sense if you can't pay cash for a second home for it just to be there for your own leisure, but you're paying a mortgage on something that's literally just sitting there. It's not good. I, I don't, I wouldn't even suggest that to them if they called us and were like, Hey, I wanna take out a loan on a second home, here's the situation.


I would probably tell them, no, I wouldn't do that anyways. Yeah. Let alone borrow the down payment from your son. Yeah. I'm, I'm planning to talk with them in a few months about it to the both of them. Yeah. And just let them know. But obviously, And you know, I, you know, wanted some advice. I For sure. I, I would, I would, the language I would use is thank y'all so much for reaching out and that means a lot to me that y'all have noticed how I've turned my things around. That's pretty cool. I've got some pretty clear financial goals that I'm trying to hit and so I don't, I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'm not in a place where I can loan money to family members right here. Sure, okay. And just any speed out any response they have is they've gotta own it man. Right. I think, I think the biggest thing for me is my parents have allowed me to be, as, you know, in this position and, and obviously I feel guilty.


What does that mean about it? What does that mean? They really pushed And, you know, so how I got successful is just, I got lucky doing what I do for, for a job and lean on my parents a lot and they had to take out some loans to get me, you know, to the point where I'm at now, more specifically, it's, it has to do with obviously just the job that I have now. And you know, I I thought about changing my careers at one point and I'm glad I stayed with it because it's, it's been very, very successful. But also, yeah, and I hear that and I think we can give, I mean my parents paid for my college, right? I mean like there, there are things that our parents do to give us a leg up that is a hundred percent being aware of that and saying that and the gratitude and that, I mean that, I'm not ignoring that at all.


But also Michael, you're a 25-year-old man who made decisions with his income where you could have gotten a second home, two cars And you could be living paycheck to paycheck even though you make a lot of money, you could make other decisions, but you haven't, you've chosen to do things to get outta debt and to save. And you've done those, Michael, they didn't do those for you. And your siblings are example of like, your parents I'm sure helped them in certain ways as well, but they've chosen a different path. So like I give yourself credit. Do you know what I mean? Like, you, you've, yes. Our parents have helped us and we will always have that gratitude and acknowledgement always. And, and but also there's a point that we become adults and we get to make our own decisions. And from there is, And this isn't even at that level.


Here's what I know for certain, if Dave RAMSEY and Sharon RAMSEY, I don't know how this happened. If they fell on hard times and they had nowhere to go, they have three amazing kids. One of 'em sit next to me that would say, y'all come stay at the house, right? We'll help you out. We'll help you get on your feet. This is not that situation. Sure. And so your sense of you're, you're thinking of your parents' investment in you as some sort of 4 0 1 that they put forward. And if they put that on you, shame on them. Parents don't pay for their kids' college as some sort of vehicle, investment vehicle so that they get a demand of return so that when they want a different color car, you have to be their bank.


Right? Your parents aren't destitute. They've made a series of choices starting a few years ago, And you like, screw this, we're moving outta here. We wanna move far away. And they did. Yeah. That's a great point. It's a second home. This Is a second Home. Its a, it's a, it's a luxury. Yeah, You're right. Yeah. That right. So this, this isn't, if, if, if they were, if your dad, if they couldn't pay for food, then I'm all about it. Yeah. Like, we're gonna help out Mom and dad, we're gonna honor our father and mother. I'm all about that. But dude, if it's to like, pay for their Yeah, they're second. Like, loan them money for a second. I'm just, I'm gonna say no, man. And, And, and I'll say this too, Michael, knowing my parents with the grandkids, they're very emotional right now with this dream of, oh my gosh. Our whole family's about to, there's gonna be babies on, like, their emotions are probably driving this as well, right? And so for five years, they're gonna be okay.


Yeah, they're gonna be okay. They're gonna be all Right. Come visit. And mom, you can stay with you anytime she wants. That's right. Thanks for the call, Michael. Hope that helps.


Taking care of your health doesn't have to cost a fortune. That's why Field of Greens is in my house. Field of Greens is made from fruits and veggies selected by doctors to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism. And here's the best part. They're so confident your doctor will notice your improved health. They offer a money back guarantee, no questions asked. Try today and get 15% off at Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY. Promo code RAMSEY Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY.


You spend hours researching before making a major purchase like a home or car. But it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage to protect your biggest assets. I recommend using RAMSEY Trusted Pros, whether you're looking for Car home or any other type of insurance. RAMSEY trusted providers have been coached and vetted to serve you like we would find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Rachel Cruz with Dr. John Delony, and we are answering your calls about life, money, relationships, anything and everything. So give us a call at eight eight eight two five five two two five. Next we are going to Los Angeles and talking to Jessica. Hey Jessica, welcome to the show. Hello. Thank you very much. Absolutely. Of course. How are you guys doing? We're doing good. We're we're doing okay. We're, we're actually about a hour out from la So we are not near the fires. Oh, good. Oh, so sorry. We're Thinking about you guys, man. Yeah, what a mess, mess, mess. Yes, yes.


Prayers to everybody who's going through losing their house and yes, we've been praying for everybody For sure. How can we help? So our question is, we, we did Financial Peace University probably about eight years ago. So our house bills are beautiful. I heard the guy earlier say that just his mortgage alone is 5,000. Our house bills all together come out to about 6,000 per month. Oh, good. Okay. But We, we started a business in 2020 and we got ourselves into $250,000 in debt, which is credit cards and personal loans. Jessica, A hundred thousand.


I know, I know a hundred thousand of that under the business. And then the other is we used our personal credit cards. Me and my husband, we actually did go through some turmoil after 2020 and we act, we were not on the same page. So that is part of what happened with the debt. So now we, we started going to church. We're, we're going to counseling and there is major potential in the business, but we also have in our home, we do have may, I don't know, after, you know, closing costs and things like that, but we have some equity in our house. We owe 400,000 and we could potentially sell it for six 50 to seven.


So the question is, do we, do we look into selling the house and getting the debt off of our shoulders and then growing the business? Or do we grow the business and try to pay off the debt while staying in our, in our home? I would do the latter. I would, I wouldn't sacrifice the house for this because to a degree, the business is still a dream, right? I mean, it's not, you don't have multiple years of it Absolutely killing it. Right? I know it has potential, but I would not sell my house on potential. No. What, give me, give me some numbers around the business. Like what kind of business is it and where are you guys at in it? Okay, so it is a wellness center and med spa all in one.


And the biz bills, the business bills, including paying ourselves is 17,000. And we make on average about 20. Okay. Is that, is this your only stream of income when you're paying yourself out of the business? Yes. Or do you guys have other jobs? This, is it like you both are full-time in this? We both are full-time in this, yes. Okay, so it's making 3000 a month net, is that what you're telling me? Yes. Okay. And that's if something doesn't come up unexpected in the business. So you Sure. So what's, so what's, what are you seeing in the business that's causing you to think there's gonna be this upward trajectory versus it just continuing to be this And you make three grand a month?


Like I said earlier, my husband and I, we were not working together on, on the business. So I, I was doing it by myself Okay. For the first three years. And just recently for a year we've been working together, but we've, like I said, started going to church and, and, and counseling. And now as of, as of now, we are on the same page and we're actually fasting right now for it. So we're, we're looking for answers as far as if we, if we work together and we kill it in the business. Okay. Yeah. So I, I hear all of that. So not to, I, I don't mean to keep being devil's advocate here because everything you've just laid out is incredible. I mean, I think from a spiritual perspective that you guys are united in, that you're working on your marriage with a professional, I mean, like, you're doing so many incredible things.


So is your thought process, because we are becoming more of a united team within our marriage, how is that gonna correlate to bringing in more business? Just like how, is just because you guys, just because you guys are just a great team, is that what you're thinking? Like, we're just in a healthier spot, so it's going to show up in the business? Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. Yeah. So I Please don't do, please don't do that. I, I would, yeah. I I'm gonna need more evidence, business evidence, not relational evidence that this business is really taking off. Because my hope is, is that it will.


But I think you need to see numbers, Jessica, first and foremost in order to, to make this proclamation that like Yes, it, it's incredible. Right? So giving it another, you know, 12 months. 'cause you guys, how much are you guys making a year off of it? How much are you paying yourselves? Like how much will you make this year? So We, we are paying ourselves and with those numbers that we paying ourselves, the 6,000, 6,000 total A month, I'm sorry, a month. A month between the both of you total or each individually? 6,000 Between the both of us total. Okay.


Your bills Are 6,000. Yeah. How are you, how are you paying your bills? How are you guys eating? So that the, what we're paying ourselves with what we're paying ourselves, like, we're just barely, barely, Barely getting by, sticking at home. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So what I would do, I'm trying to think if I woke up in your shoes And you have this belief, 'cause you've put so much sweat equity into this business and, and like you said, like, okay, relationally, like we're killing it. And I think it's gonna help in the business, like give it a try. Like I think, I think continuing to try, but you guys have to make more money and it's not gonna come from the business. 'cause you're only pocketing three grand a month. I mean, like, you know, from a net standpoint, you're only netting three grand a month.


And so you're barely above water in this. And So you guys are gonna have to find other streams of income. You're gonna have to get another job until this, another job, until this business Yes. Surpasses and then you guys can go full time back into, it's where that's your only job. But you guys, I mean, I would not recommend living on that tight of a tightrope, right? You're walking a tightrope basically financially. So if I were you, I think I would feel more comfortable Yeah. Having a completely another stream of income. And maybe that's him going in, you know, getting another, I mean, I know you wanna work together in the business, but I don't dunno if you guys can afford that right now. Yeah.


And so, yeah. So I would, I, looking for Another job, I would, and then, and again, my prayer is that this does take off completely and it and it might, I mean, yeah, I mean, med spas in LA's great, I mean, a great market for it. I mean, it really is. So like, I, I really pray that it does, and then I pray that it's killing it and you're like, oh my gosh, husband, I need you back here because I'm overwhelmed with work. There is so much, you know, you know so much happening. I need you back and you're gonna make more, you know what I mean? Like, when it starts making sense for both of you to be there, that's what I would do. And then I would not So you paying for him to get another job? Yeah. For him to get another job? I Would, yes. I Need to do that. Also Do, what Would I need to do that also like a per diem, I'm, I'm a registered nurse, so if would I do that also?


I would to start knocking out some of this debt? Yes. Yeah, I would. Okay. And then in the meantime, so is it pretty much doing financial university again? And then, because in the, what do we do with the people who are calling right now? The the debtors? The, Are you guys Starting the call? We Are you guys behind on bills? Yeah. So we remember when you said that. Oh, so these, the numbers that I was giving you Yeah. Was without what we owe the credit cards. So monthly we owe 10,000 in credit cards. And that's not getting paid. No. For the past couple months we stopped. Oh god, sister. Yeah. Lead with that. Next time you gotta close your med spa, you can't afford it.


You gotta go get, be a full-time nurse and then work all nights and weekends too. Yeah. You're about to get sued and they're about to start collecting on you. You owe $10,000 a month. How much credit card debt do you own? Do you owe That, that number? At the beginning we started 250,000. Yes. Yeah. Y'all, y'all, y'all are in a big, this is not a time to be make starting a business that nets a profit of $36,000 a year. Like y'all need to go make a whole bunch of money right now. And I guess the, the good news for you is you've got a golden ticket in your pocket, which is you're a registered nurse.


Yeah. I don't, you can go work all you want and make a bunch of money. Yeah. I mean, you guys can't, you can't afford your bills right now. Yeah. And that's, that's the, that's the reality. And I'm so sorry that that's what it's come down to. But I mean, you, you can't get behind on these credit cards that you already have for another couple of months. So Yeah. I You're gonna, yeah, both of you're gonna have to get full-time jobs outside the med spa and, and then maybe this dream can come back into fruition down, down the road. But it can't, it's not a reality today. You can't do it. I'm so sorry.


Remember the good old days of the internet before it was a privacy nightmare filled with spammer, scammers, hackers, and fraudsters simpler times. Now I don't have a time machine, but I do have the next best thing. Delete me. Think of delete me as your online bodyguard, helping to protect you from the risks of online scams and data breaches. Here's how they do it. They scour the web to find and remove your data from these sketchy data broker websites. And this includes your name, your phone number, your email, your address and more. And delete me. We'll send you a detailed report of what they did and how much time they've saved you. And they've saved me 66 hours so far, which is more time I can spend trying to nail the wordle of the day on the first try. Deleteme has been around for over a decade and they now have over a hundred million data removals, which explains why they have a mountain of rave reviews and an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. It's been great for my family and I love getting fewer targeted ads, fewer spam techs, and fewer creepy robo calls. So this holiday season, share peace of mind by gifting a Deleteme subscription to someone you love or even just like their individual plans. Start at just nine bucks a month And you can sign up today@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY for 20% off. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


Here's my New Year's Hot take. Skip the resolutions this year. Look, we start every January with the best of intentions. We break out a fresh journal and fill it with a million goals we're totally gonna accomplish. And Gen Z would say you're doing the most. So what if we just pick one realistic, achievable goal? And here's a really wild idea that one goal could be to get on a budget. Every dollar is my favorite budgeting app. It helps you make a plan for your money and makes it easy to track spending on the go. Think of your budget as a launching point that helps you set goals in all areas of life. So this year, instead of doing the most, just do less and start the new year with an easy win. Head over to the app store and download every dollar for free. That's right. Free my favorite price.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. When it comes to getting your money in order for the new year, there's really one foundational place principle that you have to have when it comes to getting control of your money. And that is a budget. And so when it comes to budgeting, when it comes to everything else of getting yourself in control of your money, we're gonna talk about all of that on our live stream on January 23rd. It is a free live stream called Take Control of Your Money. It's hosted by Dave RAMSEY and Jade Warshaw. And it's this idea of paycheck to paycheck living is so, such a reality for so many people. And to break that cycle, to do something different, there are elements of budgeting, there's elements of getting outta debt, there's elements of looking towards the future and how you're gonna build wealth.


I mean, all of this is so, so key when it comes to winning with money. And so this live stream is for you and George Kamel and myself. We're gonna be joining the live stream a little bit into it and we're gonna do some live q and a. And so you'll be able to ask your questions and we can answer them right there. And when you sign up, you'll be entered to win our cash giveaway. So we're giving five people $4,000 each. So make sure you sign up at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream or click the link in the description if you're listening on podcast or watching on YouTube. Again, that is January 23rd. It's our free livestream for the new year, kicking it off. And it's all about taking control of your money.


Alright, let's go to the phones and go to Catherine in Bellevue, Washington. Hey Catherine, welcome to the show. Hi, thank you for taking my call. Yes, absolutely. How can we help? I'm looking for a little advice on building my retirement starting at 42 years old. All right, so great. Okay, what are your questions around it? I basically, I just don't really know where to begin. There's so much information out there. Yes. And where to get started. And I don't have any support at work as far as 4 0 1 Ks or Roth IRAs or anything like that.


Okay. So your company does not offer a 401k, Correct? Correct. Okay, so really, yeah, the two, the two best streams. Do you own the business or are you, you're an employee? I am an employee. I'm a nanny and a house manager for a celebrity up here. Oh, okay. That's great. Yeah. Okay. And how much are you making a year? 170. One 70, okay. Yeah. So for you, are you, are you a, like a 10? Why am I blanking? A ten four. 10 49. 10 99. 10 99. Thank you. I collect a W2 every year. Okay.


Okay. So yeah. Do you have an LLC? Like would you apply for No. A a a SEP or is this just, you're just a W2 employee going right into your account? I'm a W2 employee. Okay. Yeah, it's a massive, they have a pretty massive network, so I'm one of probably 300 employees. Okay. All right. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, I was gonna say, because if you were able to Yep. Get around that in any way, you could do like a, yeah, a, a self-funded 401k or something for self-employed, but I don't think that would work with the W2. So does your Employee offer a 4 0 1? No. Okay, So Catherine, if I were you, I would, yeah, I would do the Roth IRA. You do? Yeah.


'cause I think it's 121,000 this year, or I'm not sure. In 2025, if you make above that, you're gonna have to what's called a backdoor Roth, IRA. And so if you make above that income limit, which you do, you are going to have to, yeah, just do what's called a backdoor Roth. And if you sit down with a, with a SmartVestor Pro, we can get you connected to one or at least look at options in your area after this call. But you, what you'll do is basically open up a traditional Roth and through all their fancy signages and all the things, you kind of basically sign back over And you just basically turn it right into a Roth right there at that sitting. It just takes some signatures and it's completely legal, but it's just called the backdoor Roth IRA.


So that's an option that you can do, you can put up to $7,000 in that. And then above that, I mean from a tax perspective, there's not, there's not a ton you could do. I mean, I would be investing and so looking into just some good growth stock mutual funds and putting some money away. And so here, here's the key is 15% of your income is what you wanna be investing. And so, okay. Once you max out that Roth, and then I would look above that and say, okay, what's left of that 15%? And then I probably would, I would, I would get, you know, you can do even an index fund or just a, a mutual fund, but when you sit down with a SmartVestor Pro, they can really help you with that because the tax advantage is not great.


You will pay taxes when you take that money out of retirement, which the Roth, you won't. Right. You'll be paying taxes before that. And so that's, yeah, that's kinda the sucky part of it. But I don't, I, I mean, I don't know any other great option when it comes to that. I, that that's what I would do though. But I would continue to invest that 15%. And do you, do you have any debt? I don't have any debt. Okay. That's great. Yeah. So our formula, just So you know, Catherine, kind of what we say is match beats, Roth beats traditional. So you always wanna start with the match of like a 401k. You don't have that. So that means you'll just jump over to the Roth max out the Roth, and then anything else, you'll just go to any type of like, kind of traditional accounts.


But there's not really great in the retirement lane for you that I can think of. But again, I, I would sit down with the SmartVestor Pro and look at all of your options. But if I were you, I mean even, do you have a HSA? No, I don't. Okay. Any health insurance at all? I do have health insurance, yes. I just don't have the savings account Okay. With it. Okay. Yeah. 'cause that's another option. You could put some money and let that grow and cash flow some medical expenses, that would be another avenue, But yeah. Okay. Yeah, that, that's what I would do if I were you, The combination of those two things, the backdoor Roth and the 15% will get me to the finish line in retirement.


Yeah, absolutely. It should. Again, I want you to run your numbers. I don't have a computer right here. How are you? 42? I'm 42. Yeah. How long do you think you're gonna make? 170 grand. There's lots of money to be made up here, so as long as I'm healthy and strong, I can do it. Yeah. And, And you're single Catherine, did you say? Yes. Okay, perfect. Yeah, if you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and just Google Ramsey Solutions investment calculator and put that in, put in your numbers, it's actually very encouraging. Compound interest will shock you more. I'll do it for you right now. What's your, what's your name right now? I mean, I'm sorry, what's your age right now? 42. 42. 42. All right. Let's pretend you worked until 67.


How much do you have in investments right now? Nothing. I'm starting at zero right now. Starting at zero. Okay. So what's Rachel? What is 15%? Yeah, you'll get about 30. About 30 a year you put away? Yeah. Okay. So if you put away 30,000 and your annual return, Let's just say 10%, Sit there, Put zero at that red. Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah. All right. So I'm doing this for you with the RAMSEY investment calculator. Good gosh. If you put away, is that right? $30,000 between now and 67 and your annual term is about 10%? It may be, well, well I guess 30 would be on 200,000.


So put sorry, put 25 to be Conservative. I'll put 20 just for fun. You'll have, if you'll put $20,000 a year And you make 10% return on that from 42, Is that monthly? Is that monthly? Oh, monthly. Yeah. Sorry. I was like, I was like, oh my gosh. We're all, we're all gonna be Yeah, You'll have, you'll have two and a half million dollars. Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. So that's, that's if you put two and That, and that's pretty conservative. That's very conservative. You put $2,000 a month in retirement. Okay. And you put that away and making one 70 with no debt, you can put more than that. And if you feel comfortable doing a little catch up, we're okay with that too. I would be a little bit paranoid being 42 with nothing.


Right. Yeah. So I'd wanna see that quicker. So I might, if I have no bills and no expenses and I'm one 70 plus a house manager, which means some of my meals might get covered, that means some of my bills might get covered. I might take that money and roll it over. But hopefully you hear the main thing here is intentionality with every penny you got. Yeah, for sure. And Catherine, I, I would really encourage you to sit down with the SmartVestor Pro. Yes. I do this once a year. My husband and I do to look at retirement, run these numbers. And again, they, I give them so much credit because I swear every time we go, there's some new thing that they're like teaching me and they're like, oh yeah, this with this tax, you know, thing here. And you can do this with your giving. I mean, they're just, they, they, they live and breathe this stuff and they can be so, so helpful and just Give you the confidence to know, okay, this is my plan.


It doesn't have to be too complicated. It actually, you know, I can, I can kind of set something up and I'm gonna be great. So You're doing great, Catherine. You've done an excellent job up until now, so that's awesome. If you stay on the line, Catherine, I'll have Christian pick up and just make sure you get that website to our SmartVestor pros and interview a couple there in that Seattle area and find one that you trust and that you love and start investing. Excited for you. Katherine. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey guys, I've got a big announcement. George Kamel and I are bringing back Investing Essentials, our two night virtual event, deep diving into investing and real estate learn step by step, how to get the most out of your 401k mutual funds and real estate investments because there's no better time to get the clarity you need to Invest with confidence.


Watch live on March 4th and fifth. Get tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We're taking a call now from our Ramsey Network app and this question comes from Cassie. Alright, let's see here from Cassie. I was listening to an older episode recently and it sparked a question. The caller was a young man with a family. Well on the journey to financial freedom. The host congratulated him for doing so well and encouraged him to stay the course. And he said he had, he couldn't wait to plan a wonderful vacation in the future.


Shouldn't there be some room for fun and joyful living while on the journey? Seems like most of your callers are so focused on the goal they forget to have fun. Oh, Cassie. Well That actually RAMSEY in Latin means fun. Ruiner. We hate fun. That's right around here. We don't want you to have any fun. So I think it'd be your definition of fun. I've just become such a huge, huge fan of Arthur Brooks recently. I keep the best. He's the best. He's just the best. And he talks about like in the latter part of your life, the second half of your life, the people that really do have the most joy is when their wants become smaller and smaller.


That it's actually, it's not like, what, what, what, what's my next thing to get? It's actually, oh yeah. I just don't need as much as I thought I did like the joy in that. Yeah. So what I would say, Cassie is like during a time of sacrifice of getting outta debt, it's not forever on average, 18 to 24 months could be longer, right? Three years of your life, maybe your joy and what you consider fun looks different in America today, fun is getting a new car going on a trip. Like, you know what I mean? Like there's a level of fun that I think we all are just like, oh yeah, fun, fun, fun. But what if fun is different? What if fun is having friends over which we're doing tomorrow night on a Friday night order some pizzas, game nights, kids watch a movie after adults hang out and you're at a house. You're not paying a hundred plus at a restaurant to take everyone out.


You just, you switch things up. So I don't think it's not about, Or instead paying for a big fancy date. My wife and I when we were like, we'd go for long, long hikes. Yeah. And we had hard conversations and we had fun conversations and we laughed a lot. Yeah. And so, yeah, it just looks different. I think, I think Cassie here underneath this question, what it sounds like is, hey, it looks like getting out of debt when you go scorched earth is really hard. And the answer to that is yes. And we will all tell you. Yeah. If you owe a bank, if a bank is running your marriage and a bank is running your life and a car dealership is running your work life because you have an abusive boss, but you can't quit 'cause you already have that card that you promised that the car company you'd pay back that.


I don't care how much like little sparkly vacations you're going on, you're not having fun. Your body is in fight or flight, it's trying to survive. And so yes, for two years, for three years, sometimes J's K seven year, right? Yeah. Right, right. Yes it is scorched earth. The goal is to get to safety and then you get to safety, man. Yeah, of course. I don't, I don't know. I mean, I don't know that you'll find a group of people that have more fun than we do. We're pretty off the rails and fun looks different for everybody. I'm in the woods. Y'all are going on trips. Jade, I mean, everybody's doing stuff. Sure. George is wiping his dog's butts. 'cause that's what George does. But like we are all Dave's in Cabo. Right?


Like we're all over the place having so much fun, but our Fund's not having us'. That's right. That's when you, when you have the fun that's Yeah. Being all loans right. And owed by, you know, all these banks and stuff. Yeah. To John. I think that's a great point, John. That's not, that's not fun. It's not fun. And again, I wanna expand our, our viewpoint of fun. Like, I just think we get such in this like, rat in a wheel, new purse, new thing. I don't know. Like it's all this stuff that we're like, Ooh, ooh, that's fun. That's fun. I'm like, is it really though? Yeah. Is it really, is it really life giving? 'cause the life-giving stuff probably isn't gonna cost you a ton, To be honest. And we know this research says that no, when you had it does that. There's, there's, there's certainly so many purses you can have that's right now, except for guitars and really fancy hunting rifles.


Yeah. Then those breaks. So adding those do bring extra joy to your life. Much, so much joy. And that's, that's just, that's science. Just hashtag science. It's in the brain. It's In the brain. Alright. Let go to Indianapolis and talk to Sarah with an H. What's up, Sarah? Hey Sarah. Yes. Hello. How are you guys doing? We're Doing all right. How about you? Okay. Now until 48 hours ago, I felt okay about my situation. Then I started watching your program on YouTube and now I'm kind of freaking out. So I want to like get some feedback here. Okay. Perfect. Hold on. Hold on. Sarah. Sarah. Sarah, will you do me a huge favor? Excuse Me? Do me a huge favor. Take a humongous deep breath as deep as you can. Okay.


Hold It. Okay. 5, 4, 3, 2, let it out. Okay. Thank you. All right. We're on your team. We're on your team. All right. What's, what's keeping you up at night? Okay, now I've been in a difficult marriage since day one. Okay. And in 2012 I filed for divorce and then to get a peaceful divorce without really any problems, I had to like, give up me, like mainly everything. All I got was a car, $10,000 and I had, and child support, I had to give up everything else, my father helped me and I was able to get a house and everything moved on. Okay.


But under pressure, we kind of got back together. We stayed together for like maybe four years or so, things were going, okay. So we decided to get married, Remarried During that period, excuse Me, remarried. Is this, are you talking about your ex? Yes. Or a different guy? Yes. No, no, not a different guy. The same guy. Same guy. Same guy. So you got Remar Remarried in what? 20 20 19? Married. Okay. Around 2019. Okay. 2018. 2019. Okay. And then during that time, my husband was paying the bills on his house because he did not sell his house. And I was paying all the bills on this house I'm living in Now, when he sold his house, he started paying the bills on this house.


Okay? Now, after we got married, things got worse again. Like, and it's not working out. Mm. So I'm gonna file for divorce again. Okay? And my kids now graduated. They have their own lives, so I feel it's gonna be easier to get a divorce. The same thing here. He says, if you go to court, I'm gonna fight you over the house because it's in my name and I'm gonna make everything difficult. So I decided, guess what? Let's just get a divorce. I don't want anything from you. And I just keep my stuff, I forgot to say something. When we got back together, our finances stayed separate. Okay? Like, we're no longer have the same bank account or anything.


We're totally separate. Okay? But what, what house is he gonna fight you over? The one that you and your father purchased together? Yes. Why is his name on that? On that home? No, His name is not on the home. Okay. Yeah. So what's your que what's your question? We're coming up against clock. What's your question? Now? Now my question is, now my plan was now I'm gonna keep the house. Okay? And I have a hundred thousand dollars in the bank, okay? So I had it in a cd, but I got some advice from the bank and they said, you can invest it in the market and it can get you like money and stuff. So I was wondering whether I will be able to kind of be independent on my own, because he's the one who brings most of the money, not me.


Yes. If, if you, if you get divorced, you have a hundred thousand dollars. And so I, I won't get into the investment side of it. You have a hundred thousand bucks if you get divorced, the first thing you need to do is to create your own checking account and your own budget. I do. And ask, where is money coming from that I'm gonna use to survive, pay my bills? Do you have a job? Okay, Yes, I'm a teacher. I have a master's degree. I'm a Teacher. Amazing, amazing. My wife's teach long, lifelong teacher. Amazing. So what you're gonna have to do is to create a world where that, that what you, you live off income as a teacher, funds your life, pays your house. Note, whatever your mortgage, remaining mortgage is, pays your light bill, your electric bill, your food, and any travel you're gonna see to go see your grandkids whenever your kids have babies.


And the a hundred thousand dollars should be invested. And I want you to get with a SmartVestor Pro. If you hang on the line, we'll get you, we'll get you connected there. Okay? Should I cut on everything as long as I have a mortgage? Or can I spend money, for example, go get my hair done, get my, it's, It's gonna all all depend on you sitting down and doing a budget. Yeah. So Sarah, what I would live off of, I would, I would keep this a hundred thousand. I would take some of it out of the market for an emergency fund. I would get six months of your, well, four ish months of your expenses. So you have to do a budget, what John's saying, And you have to say, okay, here's how much food costs, here's how much my mortgage is, here's how much the lights are gonna be. Here is everything that I spend money on in the month. This is how long, this is, how much it's gonna take me to live. And you have to make sure that the salary you make, that your income every month can cover those bills.


And ideally that you have margin and you're not living right up at to that paycheck. And so having that margin is gonna be really key. And so that, that's gonna be step one. And then from there, I would multiply that by four, whatever that number is, take some of that cash up from that a hundred thousand, put it in a high yield savings account for a emergency fund, and then start thinking about investing above that. Hang on the line here. So we'll get you hooked up with a SmartVestor Pro and actually we're gonna pay for you to have one session with one of our financial coaches, and they'll walk you through the budgeting part of this. Hang on the line, we'll get you taken care of.


Hey, what's up guys? Episode two of 90 Day Money Makeover is available right now on YouTube. This series follows real people as they take on the challenge of transforming their finances and their lives in just 90 days. In this episode, watch as they face new obstacles, celebrate wins and push forward on their journey. And of course, I'll be walking alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a little sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. Out Me and Dara back in November, have a new son, a baby boy. We'd have $87,000 in debt. I've been in debt since I was like 18 years old.


I gave birth to him. I knew, I said I cannot leave him with someone that I don't know. I don't care if we're eating rice and beans. Sean. I told him there was no going back. When you guys called into The Ramsey Show, it was like, I think that we should push them harder. Baby Jonathan being born is a wake up call for us to finally change. I can't go on another month, Wake up call, you know, over the next 20 years. This is important. You know, we gotta get this right. Do you want to pay off your debt? You want to get your time back, you want to get your home? Nothing. You search those three.