
From the Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell joined by number one bestselling author, Mr. Ken Coleman. And we're taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. We'll help you with your money. Making more of it, keeping more of it, spending less, all of the issues. And Ken is the man when it comes to how do I make more income? 'cause that is my greatest wealth building tool. Maybe that's switching jobs. Mo Money, new career path. There we go. Some short term side hustles, whatever it is. We wanna help you make the most of your money. Happy Friday sir. You as well. Do you have A, do you have a brand new bomber jacket?


I Always try to impress Ken with my wardrobe. I Feel like this was the one I haven't seen before. He looks impressed. I Love it. I'm impressed. It's a good look. It's a dark chocolate. If I'm wanna be really honest, Ken, I just came down the, from our event center where we have our money and marriage event and I'm looking out at some lovely couples who came. We, we have to join us have, we have a, Actually a really good looking, I was looking at him before the show. It's a pretty good looking People. You say it like it's rare Ken people. Well, it is rare, I'll be honest. But today a kid. We've got a great looking group out there. Full studio lobby. We're gonna have fun today. That's what George and I do. We're gonna coach you our goal, but we're gonna have some fun. So, you know, this stuff doesn't have to be dower. As I say, if we don't laugh, we cry. And by The way, I gotta say one of the thing on the bomber jacket, it matches your beard perfectly.


Ken, I need to just carry you in my pocket just to compliment me. Thank you so much. Your pocket's too small for me to fit in. I'm a small man. True Story. Skinny jeans will do that. That's right. All Right, Mary's up first in Miami. What's going on Mary? How can we help? I Oh we, there we are. Hello. Yes. You Sounded like a monster for a second, but now we got you back. Okay. Okay, great. We actually were sold a home illegally and we are wondering if we should claim bankruptcy. Tell us a little bit more illegal. Someone sold you a house that they were not legally allowed to sell you.


What happened? So we bought the home in April of 2023 and we wanted to get some things done like fencing and encapsulate the crawl space underneath. And we learned that when we went to go get the property surveyed for the fencing, that the property didn't exist. And so there were no permits, there's no co on the house. And what Do you mean the property didn't exist? The, they told us the property didn't exist in the county. The, there was no house that was on that property.


I'm confused. You bought a house sight unseen? No, we bought the house. We saw the house. The county had no idea the house was built. Oh, so the house was illegally built on that land in the first place with no permits and then that person sold it to you. How did you even go through the closing process? Was it just done through the seller? No, it was done through all of the bells and whistles that you're supposed to do with inspectors and real estate agents and lenders and everything. And they still sold it to Us. I mean, aren't there titles to be cleared? I mean, I'm just so confused how nobody caught this. Yeah, so, so the lenders were in the bylaws of our contract.


They were supposed to get the CO and obtain it five days after closing. And they never did. And then we didn't find out about all of that. This is our first home. We were first time home buyers, So we learned a lot in this process. What'd you pay for it? 2, 2 59. And you got a, a loan on that? Yes. It's A-U-S-D-A loan. Okay. How much was the loan for? It was for 2 59. So you put nothing down with the USDA loan? No, We did, we did put down 12,000. Okay, so why Are you having to file bankrupt? I I, I get what we just heard. I'm now understanding that, but it feels like, so a lot of people drop the ball and it was before you and, and so this has gotta shake out somehow.


So what, what, what have you done so far? What do you know? What do you not know? So basically we have a lawyer on it now. We tried to get help without a lawyer and tried to talk to the builder and gave him all the documents and tried to actually get him to agree to buy back the house. He obviously did not agree to that. In the process of all of this, the house is actually, it was creating more mold. The floors are sinking, the walls are leaning. We're starting to see things that Did you get an inspection? We did, yes, we did Everything. And they caught none of this. They caught none of it. This Is a scam.


Yeah, it was terrible. Terrible. It was the inspector friends with the builder. We are not sure, but seems like it. So This wasn't a resell, somebody else living in it. This was a builder built this essentially as a spec house on that property As a brand new home. He said it was a brand new build. Oh. And he actually built, oh, do you have a built on a 1950s foundation? Oh, of course. Do you have a good lawyer? We're not sure at this point nothing has happened. And we're he's No, No, no. Hold on. Dragging out. Hold on a second. Okay. He's Dr. Now your law, your lawyer's dragging this out. Well, the lawyer's not dragging it out, but there's not really a lot of motion happening and we're just, we just keep paying him.


Okay, Mary, Mary, Mary, it is time for you to get real seriously mad and get going with it. Fire the lawyer. Now you are getting jerked around. Like I've never even, I, I can't remember the last time I heard a story like this and I feel bad for you, but you are gonna have to stand up and fight. So your, your, the builder screwed you, the inspector screwed you. Sounds like your lawyer is screwing you over and you are the common denominator in this. And I hate that this is happening, but I gotta tell you, George, if I were in this situation, I promise you I'd have the builder begging for mercy because he is liable.


The inspector is liable and your lawyer is a scumbag. I could go take care of this in court and I could get a law degree out of a Fruit Loops box and take care of this situation. Am I right George? I am I missing Anything? No, this is the Ken Coleman Esquire energy you need. I'm Mary More pissed off than you are Mary. This is America. I I'd be taking that builder to the cleaners. Holy holy cow With a scary attorney right Now. I'd go to the local news. Yeah, they love this crap. This Is what we tried the local news. They told us it was a legal issue. Oh my gosh. Okay Mary, All you do is make excuses for why you're getting abused.


What? Okay, so what's the ramifications here of you living in a home that has no record? Are they going to evict you? I assume So. We actually, we can't even live in it. No, we can't live in it. So we actually don't live in it. Are You renting with staying family. Okay, so you're renting right now, but you still make payments. Have you talked to the lender that they basically have bad collateral here? Yes. Yes. They said they didn't care. They don't care. You still owe us the payment every single month? Yes. Yes. And you can't sell it. I think your only way out of this, and again I'm not an attorney, this is for your attorney to deal with. You gotta sue this builder to get your money back, Get an attorney, Which is what we're trying to do. Get rid of your current Attorney but do not file bankruptcy.


That's not the solution here. No, the solution is to take this builder to court, sue them, potentially get the inspector involved 'cause they clearly can't do their job well and then collect on whatever the settlement is. I wish that I had better news. I mean we have no, no power in this, but I'm gonna tell you don't do anything drastic like bankruptcy at this point. You're just gonna have to float the payment until this gets solved. Oh no. Which would light a fire under me. I wouldn't even float the payment. I'd be sitting in the, I'd be sitting in the banker's office. The lender going, I'm not paying you a cent. 'cause all of you're going down. But after I got a lawyer who had a brain and who wasn't gonna take advantage of you guys. Yeah, I think a one, find a new attorney.


New Attorney with a backbone. Somebody who wants to destroy somebody. 'cause this is wrong. What a weird Situation. Oh my gosh, I got a headache. Thanks for sharing Mary. I hope it works out for you guys. This is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have Enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John, why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's A gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying I love you to your family. Term life insurance, Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Ken Coleman. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. If you guys wanna take control of your money this year, there is no better way to do that than by making a budget. It sounds simple. It might sound overwhelming, I don't know. But here's the deal. We created an app to make it easier than ever. It's called EveryDollar. You can go download it in the app store for free or go to EveryDollar dot com to get started and it will give you such peace of mind to look in that financial mirror and just know the reality of your situation and how to move forward. And that's exactly what this app's gonna do for you. Be sure to check it out. Landon is up next in Memphis. What's going on Landon? Hey, I appreciate y'all taking my call.


Sure. How can Ken and I help? So this is probably a really stupid question, but I'm a tight wad so I gotta ask it anyways. Okay, So I'm in baby step seven, my wife and I and we're 27. And really the problem with my question is I feel like I just have too much of my net worth wrapped up in my house, but I I just recently bought a Mercedes S class alright, maybe a, a day or two ago. And just emotionally to me feels like I spent way too much money on something that goes down in value and it just eats me up thinking about what I could put that money in that would go up in value. And so my question is just, should I take this stupid car back? Well, let's talk about the what you spent on it.


So after taxes and fees and all that, you know, junk is about 35 grand. All Right. And what's your household income The last two years? I've averaged about 250. Well, there's some ratios for you that puts it in perspective. How much do you have tied up in everything with wheels and motors in your, in your house right now? Probably about 45 grand counting the Mercedes? Yeah. Okay. You, you're driving A, an older car for the other car, Correct? Dave would've said you should have bought a nicer car. You're not doing anything. My cars, both, both of my cars outside of the Mercedes are probably worth 10 grand total. Okay, I understand. Like ratio wise it sounds okay, but emotionally it just doesn't, it doesn't feel right to write a check when I could for something that could go down, something that goes down in value when I could put that in, you know, something like some mutual funds, retirement, whatever.


Alright, let me ask you a quick question Landon. And you seem like a very even keeled level headed person, so this may be difficult for you to answer, but have you ever acted out of emotion before and realized that your emotion was wrong? Sure. Alright, so your emotion is wrong on this Mercedes. Well, I, Your emotion's wrong? I can, I mean like intellectually I get that. Like I do get that but Oh wait a second. My thought. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You started off and said it was all emotional and I I just destroyed the emotional argument on your behalf by the way, and now you wanna go intellectual. Well what I mean is like my, so my basically all in all in will worth about seven 50 and about five 50 of that is in my house.


Okay? And so it just feels like cash, cash wise, I feel like 35 grand is rich out of the cash that I have available is what I mean. It's Not Landon. There are people who have a negative net worth who bought more expensive cars than you today. And so just know that in the grand scheme of life it's gonna be okay. And here's the deal. When you're young, naturally more of your house is gonna make up your net worth. It might be 50, 60, 70, 80% when you're young, but over time compound growth with your investments will catch up. And so by the time you retire, your house will probably a third of your net worth. And you're right, that car will be in a impound somewhere 30 years from now and that's okay. Stuff is stuffed.


So You wouldn't, you wouldn't say go buy $10,000 Nissan, you know, Toyota Camry or something. Dude, You're in your live like no one else era. You said you have a paid four house, right? You're in baby step seven. Yeah. Then what's the point of money You're scared to death over nothing. There's three things you can do with money Landon. You can give it, save it, spend it, and if you just save it, you're gonna drive yourself crazy. If you just spend it, you're gonna end up broke. And if you just give it, you'll be a great philanthropist but unable to retire. And so it's wise to do all three. And what you are experiencing is something I experience as well, which is needing to flex this muscle of spending after you've been so aggressive toward a financial goal of paying off the house or investing. And so this is something I struggled with when I wrote, when I stroke a check for my wife's last car, we bought her, it hurt my soul.


I've never spent that much money on anything outside of a house. And I remember that And Ken remembers I was talking to him about it. I remember, but over time you, you'll look back 10 years from now and go, remember when I was stressed out about buying a $35,000 car? And I'm sure Dave RAMSEY had the same experience. Yeah. Now Dave, Dave's cars are worth more than my house. And so it's okay to have nice stuff as long as you understand that it's a toy that goes down in value, it doesn't make or break you. Money's just magnifies who you are. Yeah. And it sounds like you are right on track, my friend. What Year, what year is that Mercedes and how many miles? 2018. It's about 80, 85,000. Yeah, it's totally fine. I I drive a used Mercedes as well. If you take good care of it, it'll last forever.


It's a little bit more expensive to keep up. Yes, but you've got it. I mean listen, you've been shoulding all over yourself and you need to stop keyword should just for those listening who weren't sure what Ken just said, I know exactly what I said and we all tend to should, I didn't know what he said either Should, but I'm using it very purposefully. My therapist helps me this, it's called double entendre. Stop shoulding on yourself. I should have done this and I should have done that. That's the idea. And, and so you could sit there and play that game and talk yourself into another $5,000 car. Sounds like you got two $5,000 cars or somewhere in that range. So you do whatever you want to do. You can take the car back and if that allows you to sleep better, but I think you're not addressing what's really going on and what's going on, George, this is more your lane than mine, although I understand it.


I just think there's a deep rooted shame in this that I think it's that I not, I'm not allowed to have this ni something this nice. That's what I think. I don't deserve it. I don't think it's fear, I think it's shame. I think he's got shame over this and I think you gotta confront that. Did you grow up with money land? Yeah. My maybe my parents had some money for sure. So what was the, wow, what, what, you know we say behavior's a language. What, how did the way they handled money influence you? Well, I, I'll tell you what, honestly, what I think it is is honestly that I've just been so aggressive since I was 18. 'cause I mean, you know, just doing this since I was 18 and you know, doing this without marriage that it almost feels like, you know, I need to stay aggressive. You know what I mean?


And so, you know, we just fought and clawed so hard to pay our house off in the whole deal. Yeah. What does your, Your spouse think about this now? Now? Oh, she legitimately, we went up to the dealership and she said, buy whatever you want. I'm tired and went home. Good for her. That's a good woman, right? There's like a good woman by the way, let me, let me just ask you how long you been familiar with Dave and, and and his teachings and what we do here Since I was probably 12. All Right, I want you to finish a sentence for me. Okay? You ready? Sure, sure. Live like no one else so that later you can Live like no one else. All Right then now swap that with drive. Drive like no one else. Drive the crappy car so later can drive like no one else. Like you worked really hard, you worked really hard to get to a point where you can buy a $35,000 Benz.


And by the way, your wife has worked really hard too, and she deserves to go on date night with you and a car that you don't have to pedal like Fred Flintstone. Hey, That's pretty good. There he is. Did you hear that laugh? That's the first time on this entire call. I felt like we got the real you who wasn't so uptight. Well, What's so funny about that is that's not far off from what I'm driving outside of the Benz. I know, I know. I don't look like this. You get rid of that car, this guy, he thinks do I do I come across really dumb that 'cause when you answer, tell me you got two cars worth $10,000. Those are Fred Flintstone cars. I didn't have to do a lot of deduction my man. And so she deserves better. She deserves better.


Gotcha. You if you wanna drive a piece of, if you wanna drive a turd on wheels, then that's up to you. But she doesn't deserve that. Can we agree? It's Valentine's Day for heaven's sakes. I agree. I agree with you. All Right then relax. You work really hard. It is impossible to, for me, George, to conceive of a scenario where land does something dumb with money. Yeah, You're, I mean you are spot on our parameters here it is. If all the things with wheels, motors in your life adds up to more than half of your annual income, you're off track. That's simply too much. You are not even close to that. And again, like ratios, Dave buying a nice car is like me buying a biscuit. And so you have to understand the ratios look different.


When you have a very high income, your net worth's gonna continually grow. You're 27, you got another 30, 40 years of working for you and investing to build wealth. And so in the meantime you have to do something called enjoying life. And I'm scared 'cause you're kinda like me. I'm wired to go. But if we didn't eat this month, we could invest that in a good gross stock mutual fund. It can make 12% over that. You can't live your life like that. You gotta let go. Speaking of letting go and living life, George, how do you eat a biscuit? What do you put on your biscuit? One bite at a time. Oh Really? Yeah. No, no butter, no jam. I'll do A little butter. No jam, no honey. It's like a chicken biscuit. What are we talking? I'm Asking you. It's your biscuit. Yeah. I'll do half butter, half jelly. Okay. Both best of both worlds. How about you?


Oh, I, I like the jam. A lot of jam Jam's your jam. Yeah, I respect that. Yeah. Well, glad we could at least help land, get over his emotions. This is The Ramsey Show.


If you need health insurance for yourself or your family, you might be lost in a maze of confusing terms, overwhelming options and questions about networks. Not to mention high costs and bad service from insurance companies that don't care about what you want. Common concerns like those are why I'm proud to recommend Health Trust Financial. They've been working with RAMSEY for over 20 years and they're the only RAMSEY trusted health insurance broker. Broker Health Trust Financial takes an unbiased approach to finding you the best health insurance for your situation. They listen to your needs and because they work for you, not the insurance companies, their service is free with no obligations and no pressure. Here's the best part. Health Trust financial customers typically save an average of $500 a month. Health Trust Financial is your one stop shop for unbiased advice about health insurance options to make sure you don't overpay. So get out of the maze by going to health trust financial.com today. Health trust financial.com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel here with Ken Coleman taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. You know, we've got a a phone number to call of course. And we get a lot of voicemails on that and so occasionally we like to do a little segment called, sorry, we missed your call, where we listen to the voicemail and respond without them, without having to talk to 'em. Yeah. So let's see what we have today. Do we have voice? What do you got for us, Kelly? Okay. I actually am trying to get some financial advice on if I have $30,000, which I do, and another thousand to 1500 a month, what would be the best move or strategy to turn that 30,000 into 300,000 in one year?


The last month or two I've been learning stocks, bonds, ETFs, options, day trading. Still got a lot further to go on acquiring knowledge whenever it comes to that, but just wanted to get some info from someone that actually knows what they're doing and talking about. Thank you very much. All Right. Good question. My first thought, Ken was you don't need knowledge, you need patience. This guy's about to lose his butt. Yeah buddy. He wants to, he wants to 10 x that 30 Gs 30 grand to 300 grand in one year. Go Vegas my man year. I was gonna say hit the craps table. Good luck. Highly, highly perspective investment. It's a quick turnaround.


Yh, all those things. Things are, Mike, my question is always with these, why, why the urgency Instagram and desperation to turn 30 into 300? What is this get rich quick mentality? Where is it coming from? Social media, likely friends, social media. I saw a guy who posted that he does day trading and if I buy his course, yeah, he'll show me how to 10 x my money. Guaranteed. It's the microwave mentality. You gotta be a crockpot in a world full of microwaves. And this is not just my opinion, one of my favorite proverbs from the Bible. Can wealth gained, hastily will dwindle, but whoever gathers little by little will increase it. It's ancient wisdom. Wow. You gain wealth fast, you're gonna lose it even faster. And so you're gonna fall in your face trying to do this.


And I want you to build wealth and I'll, I popped it into my investment calculator just to kind of get a, a lay of the land instead of one year. If you had 30 grand, you're 30. I don't know if you're in your mid thirties, let's say 30 grand, you're adding 1500 a month, 10% rate of return on average. It'll take you probably eight or nine years to get to 300 grand. And I'd much rather you gain it slow and keep it than try to risk it all by day trading or doing options trading and lose it all. So that's my take. That's our, that's the RAMSEY plan is let's get rich slow, let's build wealth the right way and not be in a hurry to do it. If you wanna make more money, go increase your income, you can increase your savings rate.


But trying to gamble this away is not, not the move. I like it. I I think we need a new segment called George Quotes the Bible. I would love that actually. I think that would be great. I thought you did a good job there. The guy calls, leaves a voicemail and you dropped some. This is my encouragement, his name name's Travis. Go read a, a proverb a day there. It's, you can read it in a whole month if you just do that and it will give you the best financial wisdom. Money can buy. No course necessary. You can read it online for free. Download the Bible app. There you go. But I'm telling you, there's just some, there's some wisdom in being the, the tortoise instead of the hare. We know how that story plays out every time. Twins. Every time. Every time. So thanks for the question though. Casey is up next in Lexington, Kentucky.


What's going on Casey? Hello. Thanks for having me on. I understand now why people say that I have, oh my goodness, I forgot my question. No, okay. Okay, so when we finish baby step three, which I believe is a fully funded three to six months, right? Yes. Correct. Okay, so after we finish that, which should be, it's gonna be a little while till we finish that, but that's like our next step. We have been discussing buying a house or putting money into our business. We're kind of business owners now.


It's complicated, but I just wasn't sure what would be the best thing to buy a house or to invest in our Business. What's your business? Tell us a little bit about it. Okay, so it's my husband's business. I'll, I'll preface it with that. He owns a restaurant and he wants another location, but more of like his own type of deal. 'cause right now he's got a few partners and it's kind of complicated, but like eventually stepping out and doing something so low down the line. Yeah, that's all I needed to hear. I just wanted to know what, what we were looking at and what the investment would do. And I, I would not put the business investment in front of saving for the house.


Okay. Okay. Mean Especially in the hospitality industry, there is immense risk in starting a restaurant. Yeah. Let's see how this deal works out. Tell him to be patient. Feels like the call that George, I mean, excuse me, the voicemail we just answered. I think this is a patient's deal on the, on the professional side of things. He's got multiple partners. Those that times can be, that can be tricky, right? And he's already got, you know, some real money and I'm guessing, guessing some sweat equity involved there. Let's learn, let's see if that proves to be successful before he chases another rabbit. There's an old phrase, okay, if you chase two rabbits, you lose 'em both. And I think that would be the advice I would give your hubs there. Let's, let's, let's move forward on a stable plan to get a good house, George.


Tell 'em what we, we want 'em to do on that house. So you're gonna, you're saving up for a down payment. That would be your next goal after baby step three. We call that baby step three B, where before you start investing, which is baby step four, you just go real hard at getting that down payment set in under two years. Is that realistic for you guys? It might be a little longer than that. Just that's okay because it's, you know, the business is kind of up and down. It's not super steady. The income, One more reason to not go start another one. We don't have this one squared away, but yeah, in that case you could, what you could do once you hit baby step, once you finish baby step three, just go ahead and begin investing 15% of your household income into retirement plans.


And if he's self-employed, there's still a lot of options out there. There's always a Roth IRA, which you can do outside of employment. There's solo low 4 0 1 Ks. I imagine his situation, it might be different, but there's a lot of opportunity to invest. And then on top of that, save up for that down payment. And once you guys have a little more stability in your life and you've got that foundation, now we can figure out what's, what it's gonna take to start this business. And I hope you do it with cash and just move slow. Yeah, that's why, that's why I'm calling you guys 'cause I'm like, we are terrified of debt. We did something stupid twice. We paid off eight credit cards and loans and then closed them and then, then we reopened like need more cards. So, but we're about paid off and we're done with that.


Like, I've listened to you guys so much, like it's such an embarrassing thing, but we're done with that and we are just looking to the future and doing everything debt free or good. You know, I know a mortgage will be taking that on, but that's when like, should we do a business and you know, and increase income. But I really want roots. I figure out, figure out what is a reasonable goal for this business. Once we are, we, once we're in the house, okay, what's it gonna take to start this business and then figure out what that number is and how do we start slow if it's an overwhelming number, we can't afford a million dollar. Are you Working? I'm not, no. I I have two kids and I stay home with them and I, and I do homeschool and Well you're working, you're working, you're working tail off, but you're not Working in the business with Him.


You're not in the business. What has his range of income been since getting involved with this partnership and this restaurant? Do you have a couple years of numbers for me? Like what he's been making Probably before taxes probably around 35 to 40. Oh my gosh. It, it varies because there's also quarterly, but it, it does vary a lot. Yeah. What's the high mark then? What's the highest he's made? Probably 40. Okay, listen to me. Okay now, now I'm gonna go older brother and I may be old enough to be your dad for crying out loud. I would not be in any hurry to get in a house at all. I would be saving, okay, so the advice doesn't change on the baby steps, but I would just be renting until you guys figure out what the future looks like on this.


He's not making much money at all. He should, should go be A line cook in the kitchen and make money. My goodness. He could make more working at Walmart. So I really don't want you thinking about a house until we see his income get a good bit. I'd like to see close to double that income and get some stability there, George. Yeah, because I just don't want you, here's what, here's what happens. You get into a house that you think, okay, this is gonna be right and then something goes wrong and you guys are out of income for six months and he's starting from scratch. That is scary business And making 35 grand gross. It's gonna be hard to afford any mortgage with that. Yeah, you guys can let alone rent And it's gonna be a long haul on savings. So go ahead and settle into the long haul and you all need to figure out better income situation.


If this thing doesn't start to turn, We gotta delay the business stream and get the income is a crisis at this point. So he either needs to opt out of this restaurant business and go get a different job, but now is not the time to start a business or buy a house. So there's option C. We gotta figure out the income first. Thanks for the call kc. More of your calls coming up Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. This is The Ramsey Show.


Taking care of your health doesn't have to cost a fortune. That's why field of Greens is in my house. Field of greens is made from fruits and veggies selected by doctors to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism. And here's the best part. They're so confident your doctor will notice your improved health. They offer a money back guarantee, no questions asked. Try today and get 15% off@fieldofgreens.com slash RAMSEY promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel joined by Ken Coleman. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five.


It's time for our RAMSEY show question of the day. Brought to you by why refi, why refi, refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. Now private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally Mae. So if you wanna learn more about this custom refinancing option and a lump sum payoff option you could qualify for after 24 months, go to y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Alright George, today's question comes from Ava in Montana. She writes, I'm 25 years old and my husband is 40 Because of the age gap, I'm concerned about my financial state. If my husband passes before I do, we both work in church ministry and earn $80,000 combined. We have very little retirement or savings. I have a $350,000 whole life policy on him and the premium is $200 a month. My fear is that if he gets a term life policy, his health will decline later in life and prevent him from getting it renewed. I want a guarantee of long-term income but at an affordable rate. Is there anything available that could work in my situation? Well, George, you're Mr. Insurance. That's what they call me, Ken.


I mean that's what we call you around the office. You know, I see him across the way and I go, there he is folks. Is that my personal brand, Mr. Insurance? I do have a weird affinity For him. So this is kind of your thing. I'll just say the whole life needs to be dealt with immediately. Get rid of that and get a good term life policy that's gonna put him well into his sixties. And at that point, you guys should be fine. If you do what we teach as it relates to investment, George, tell her what she needs to Know. Nailed it. So lemme go through this systematically. Number one, the $350 thousand dollars policy is not enough. You need eight, 10 to 12 times your income. And so if, if you're making 80 k combined, yep, maybe he, maybe that means he's making 40 or 50, I don't know. But that would be closer to half a million, 600,000.


And the on top of that, your whole life policy sucks. This is just making the sales person a lot of money and it's not helping you out by paying $200 a month. Very little of that going to the actual policy. Most of that into their pockets, some of it into a cash value portion growing at an abysmal rate. And so I would surrender this policy after you get term life in place. The next question, my fear is if he gets term life, his health will decline later in life. That's, that's how it generally works. As you get older, you get closer to something called death. Getting term life won't change that. And here's the deal. Term life is for a specific term, 15 years, 20 years, 25 years. But if you follow the RAMSEY baby steps, by the time that policy lapses and it's over, you'll be self-insured because you've been following the plan for 20 years, investing for 20 years.


You pay it off your house 20 years later. And so there's no fear that it's going to end. And now you're out of the money. The the goal is to get self-insured at that point. And I'll give you a real life example, I'll use me as example. Now I know that, you know anybody that looks at me on the show, you know I'm a picture of health. I mean I get that and I look a lot younger than my 50 years. I also understand that as well. Especially if you see him on the pickleball court. That's exactly right. I'm very spry, nimble, very spry for a 50-year-old. But He's supple and nimble. Supple and nimble. Thank you very much. But you know, I've got three kids and they're all teenagers and, and a wife and two doodles. So lot of responsibility on me, you know what I'm saying? And just to really give you a real life thing here, I, I renewed mine got a better deal 'cause I'm, you know, I was in tip top shape when I got it probably, I don't know, eight years ago.


And so that's gonna carry me through to where again, Stacey would be fine if something happens. In fact, she'll be so fine. I'd be looking over my shoulder, you know what I mean? I might have to sleep in another room. Dick Van Dykes keeps one eye open, you know what I mean? However, and then the kids would be fine too. So, and that, that's all you need for his situation is, is to get that retirement going and really see that compound interest.


You need to call our friends at Xander Insurance because I've done this now. And Xander is, they just, it's one stop shop. You call 'em, I wanna get good term, they're gonna take care of you. They'll compare pricing with the top Companies, pricing, get you the best deals and they guide you as to what you need. We've worked with Xandr forever and and so make that happen right now. Absolutely. Right now. And it's so cheap. I don't think people realize how affordable Yeah, it's not gonna be 200 A month. Whole life is a ripoff. Oh you generally term life is a fraction of the price and even at his age it's gonna be way more affordable. So Right. Jump on as zander.com or give him a call. 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 and get term life in place today. If you're listening, whoever you are out there listening, if you don't have term life in place today, do it. If anyone relies on your income, a spouse, that's right. Kids, family, whoever you need to get this in place. It's not a matter of if but when you will eventually pass. I don't wanna be the one to break it to you. And term life's not gonna cause that to change. No, it's, sorry. It's just gonna give your family peace of mind and now you can eat as many biscuits as you would like.


George. I'm good 'cause 'cause you know your wife and daughter are okay. She is covered. Yeah. And stay at home spouses. You need a term life policy as well. 'cause it would take Mary Poppins to replace all the things you do. There you go. There's my pitch for the day weekend. I had to say it, I thought it was off box. I thought it was well played. Well played All Right. Onto Ashley in Austin, Texas. What's going on Ashley? Hi. Thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. Yeah. So How can we help? It's right on it. My husband and I recently accumulated $3,000 in IRS debt starting this year. 3000, Which has added 3000. Okay. Which has added to the financial strain we already had, which now being our total debt, $62,000 excluding the mortgage.


We've been following the snowball effect method for about a year now. But it feels like we're not making much progress. We've considered, you know, changing, you know, our jobs, selling our house temporarily So we can rent and save or even relocating to our hometown for a more simpler, affordable lifestyle. My question is, what would you recommend as the best course of action for us? Well, what's keeping you guys from making progress? Just not enough income and you've cut everything you can cut and you just still don't have enough income to make progress. I think that we probably could cut maybe groceries.


I that one we haven't done the rice and beans like Dave RAMSEY says, but we, we spend like $200 on groceries, you know, what's Your income Together? Take home after deductions. Is is that 44,400 together A year together? Sorry, a month. Four, 400. Okay. A month together. Are you guys doing any investing right now? We are not. Okay, So that's just deductions meaning like taxes, maybe health insurance, something like that. Correct. Okay. So 4,400 a month and you're trying to tackle, I mean, so we're talking about a take home pay of roughly 50 grand a year and you're trying to tackle 62 and so you're going to need more income.


That's right. You, you can slash expenses all you want, that will help. But income is the, is the, the biggest factor here. So would this move? Yeah. So you gave George and I I think three scenarios, right? Correct. Which one of those three scenarios allows you to cut expenses but also provides an opportunity for greater income both at the same time? Which one of the three options or however many you gave us? Honestly, it, it may actually have to be a, A combination. We work A combination. We, we work in a, in a job that we have a set income that's our set income.


But we do get, we work a mortgage company So we both receive commission and bonuses on the side. We just don't take that into account. So anything we receive, we're putting it straight to debt. But I think our staff is just not enough, you know, you know. What's your mortgage payment? 1,800. Okay, so that's about, I mean that's 40% of your income. It's definitely high. That's hurting your ability Yeah. To, to do this. I don't think we're at a fire moment where you have to go sell the house tomorrow. No, I would work on your income. Yeah. And if nothing changes a year from now with your income, you might want to downsize to get out of this. That's right. Mess instead of it taking five years.


'cause normally 18 to 24 months, that's how long it takes people to get outta debt. Some longer if they got a, you know, big hole and, and not a big shovel and some less. But for you guys, I, we need to see this income grow to about six figures to get this knocked out in two years or less. Yeah. Rule of thumb for, for you Ashley, and everybody listening or watching, I wouldn't make a major life change unless it has both short-term and long-term benefits. Okay. Because there's a lot that goes into a major change and major change when it's good in the short term and sets me up for what I want my long-term to look like. That's a no-brainer Outside of that. No, I'm gonna stick and hustle and dig my way out.


That's not just pull the parachute. Does that make sense? Yeah. The margin. We need to expand the gap here. The margin between our income and our expenses. And I think both levers are gonna be necessary. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. Thank you to my co-host Ken Coleman. Everyone in the booth keeping the show afloat. And you America, we'll be back before you know it,


You shouldn't own a gun. You're not willing to shoot in moments of self-defense, a burn, a launcher lets you protect yourself in a non-lethal way. That's exactly why Burna launchers were created. Everyone from parents and nurses to pastors and even special forces veterans rely on Burna to protect themselves and their families. I own several burners myself. They look like guns, but they're not. They shoot a 68 caliber round kinetic or chemical irritant projectile that can disable a threat from up to 60 feet away. And they're powered by compressed CO2 cartridges. So they're classified with paintball and airsoft guns, but they're more powerful than those for increased protection. Not to mention burner launchers are legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped directly to your door. Plus RAMSEY fans can get 10% off an exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave


From Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Kamel, joined by Ken Coleman, host of the new show Front Row Seat with Ken Coleman. Be sure to check that out on the Ramsey Network and on YouTube and podcast. We're taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. Brett's gonna kick us off this hour in Sacramento. How can we help Brett? Yeah, my question is simple insurance agent or insurance broker. I've noticed insurance has gone way up over the last year or so and I was curious your thoughts on insurance broker versus insurance agent.


It's an easy choice for me. I'm going broker all the time. 'cause here's the deal with a captive agent. Let's say your buddy who works for, you know, I dunno, rhymes with state parm, I don't know, something like that. If they work for one of these companies, they can only sell insurance from that company. Makes sense, right? Yes. Whereas a broker isn't actually selling you the policy, they're just connecting you and shopping the policies across the board from the top companies to get you the best deal. Does that make sense? Very good. So I don't fall for the marketing of these commercials. I wanna know who's giving me the coverage I need at the best price. That's all it is. Super, thank you for the information. What kind of in insurance are you looking at?


Well, I have a car insurance has gone way up. I have a daughter driving now. I also have an umbrella million dollar policy and a a home insurance as well. Love it. Well you're doing all the right things. Yeah, I mean to me it's all about price. I mean you wanna obviously go with a top rated company and you know our, we have all kinds of connections for you. If you jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Trusted Pros, we can connect you to the right insurance brokers in any area from home auto health, whatever it is to help you sort that out. And that's, that's something I do. And I, I actually res shop every year. I contact my insurance broker and I say, Hey, can you res shop to make sure I'm still getting the best deal? And they'll either say, yep, you're still the best deal.


I just res shopped it. Or actually we could save you a little bit of money here if we switch this policy over here. And so having someone do that work for me saves time, hassle and money. Mm. Anything to add, Ken? Or did I Nail it? I just like how you did the little word play so as not to, you know, technically endorse somebody. Now I want to chicken parm is the problem. Yeah, shouldn't have said that. Yeah, I do. I do. I won't say which one, but I do have some of those commercials are really obnoxious and some are kind of funny. Oh, the marketing's great. They've Gotten into a real, it's Reminds me of the days when I was growing up when it was like the beer commercials were really competing to be which ones were the funniest. And I feel like we've got the big three. Insurance. Insurance. Yeah. They're all really pouring the money into celebs.


A lot of funny stuff. Trying to be funny. Yeah. You got Jake, you got mayhem, you got Flo. That's it. You just nailed all three. And it's, I think that's my encore career. Ken. If this doesn't work out, I'm hoping someone will get me to be some kind of character, you know, you know, would be a great insurance salesman. I appreciate that. I, I think I could see you as a spokesperson doing that in your little cute bomber jacket there. Thank you for saying this to you, you know, because you're very trustworthy. You know, you're a small guy but you got a very, very serious beard. Well, I'm not intimidating. I think that's part of what makes me, well you're definitely not intimidating. Okay. Neither one of us saw that. It's not far. I dug too far for the compliment. No, I hit rock, but no, I'm not. Neither one of us are intimidating. You run into us in an alley and you kind of take a sigh of relief.


Yes, absolutely. They're like, oh, it's a, there's two little guys right there. I'm the guy that a guy walked up to me in Costco and he just said, Hey, where's the paper towels? And I was aghast. I was like, does he think I work here? What were you wearing? Just normal. I mean an outfit like this. I didn't look like I worked at Costco. He course apparently thought you did. Well of course I knew where the paper towels were. Let me walk you over there, sir. Right this way. And I like you were like, you instantly went to a spin a point. You gave him an aisle number. Absolutely. I like that, George. So I'm unbearably helpful. That's what my wife says at least. Yeah. If you're ever looking for me at a Costco and you think it's me first ask yourself, is he near a sample? Because if, if it looks like me and it's a sample line, it's me.


Stacey's doing the shopping, Ken's doing the sample. That's exactly right. That's what's up. That's how it goes. All Right, let's head out to the phones. Brooke awaits in Syracuse. What's going on Brooke? Hi guys. Happy Valentine's Day you this. Well, happy, happy Valentine. Stacy the first one to say that to us. First one to say that to us, we were starting to get our feelings hurt a little bit, but thank you. I'm calling, me and my husband are on baby step two and we, I'm having like a conflict with the principals that you guys teach, I think where it's either the order or I'm trying to get rid of a stupid car and we have kind of like a substantial amount of money to us that's about to come and I really wanna make sure that I apply it to the situation the best way that I possibly can.


How much? $5,300. Okay. 5,300. Yeah. Okay. And how much debt do you have? So we have about 18,000 total. And then do you want me to break all of it down? Sure, yeah. Go from smallest to largest in the balances. Okay. So we have a credit card that has $178 balance left, which I've been, that's my, my current project. And then we have a care credit account that has two payments of $111 left on it. We have a dental loan situation that's $1,948.


We have a Discover card at $730. And then our biggest loan is a debt consolidation loan, which the stupid car is the collateral on, which is $15,535. So what's the issue here? You get this $5,300, you know, I don't know. Is it inheritance settlement? It's actually money that we had. It was uninvested sitting in an account the past year and a half that we kind of forgot existed. So You'll knock out your first four debts with that. And then My plan dawned On me the smallest credit card, the care credit, the dental, the other credit, the Discover card, all those get knocked out instantly and then we start chipping away at the remaining consolidation loan.


Right. That seems obvious to me. But the thing that catches me is that that $15,535 loan, the car that's tied up into it is worth about 10,000. And then we also, we have one 19 month old and then next month we are having our son Woo. And we have two cars. We have the one that's tied up in this, which is stupid, it's a Mustang convertible. And then we have a smart car. And both of these cars are uniquely stupid to have two car seats in to the point where it's almost unsafe to drive. Yeah, You're uniquely unsuitable for a child Dashboard. I get it. I love your emotion on the Mustang, let me guess, the Mustang convertible is your hubby's car.


Actually, no. I got a really cool job and so I thought I should get a really cool car. Good For you. Before I financed it for you, wanted your hair, you wanted to let your hair flow, huh? Come on. On the way home. Woo. Your little Tom petty free. Yeah. And my job wasn't that great. Okay, well I mis I misdiagnosed that one, George. Yeah, you're Underwater on the car, so you need, you need the difference in cash or from a, you know, a loan from your credit union to make up the difference to get out of this? Is that what you're saying? And this and this money seems to be like the exact right amount. And I've been praying about it, like what do I do? Oh, I see. Because I feel like we need a new car For you could use this money to get out of this car situation with a consolidation loan.


Right. If I take that money and if I can sell the car, then I can get outta that. And that's also like, that payment is more than our house payment. It's like $556 a month, then we only pay like $500 a month on our House. Wow. What's your income every month? So We also eliminate our biggest expenses. Yeah. So last year we made like $32,000, but my husband just had a job loss last year, which is why that was so low. And he just started a new career. So I'm not entirely sure what to expect. Yeah, you guys did a lot, lot more money coming in, Brooke. And so I would hang on until baby's here and you and baby are home safe before I let go of this five grand, 'cause this might be the safety net you need for any medical bills that come up. But once that's done, I would absolutely use this money to get outta this car situation.


Then hit the debt snowball in the remaining debts. Thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


Okay. Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Request information at Timothy Plan dot com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you. Timothy Plan dot com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foresite Fund Services LLC.


People ask me all the time, George, what's your number one money saving hack? I'm glad you asked. Nothing makes me happier than helping another frugal friend. So here's the hack. Get on a budget. Seriously, how are you supposed to save money if you don't know how much you're spending in the first place? And that's what makes the EveryDollar Budgeting app a game changer. With EveryDollar, you'll get a clear picture of your spending and from there it's easy to see where you can get more intentional cut back and save more money. So how much money are we talking here? Well, the average EveryDollar Budgeter frees up $395 in their first budget. That's the hack. And if you ask me, I think you're way above average and you'll save even more. So what are you doing? Still listening to me? Go Download the EveryDollar app for free and start saving more money right now.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Ken Coleman. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Hey, you do not wanna miss our two night virtual event. It's called Investing Essentials, hosted by Dave RAMSEY and me, George Kamel. Investing can be overwhelming, it can be confusing, and it's not something you can get from a 62nd social media post. So at this virtual event, we're gonna walk you through how to maximize your retirement plans, how to choose mutual funds, how to get the most out of your money, how to Invest with confidence. Plus, it's the only place where you're gonna hear Dave RAMSEY unpack his personal playbook on real estate investing. What to look for the calculations. I mean, we are going to nerd V and back and you're going to love it. And Dave, I mean, famously is a real estate mogul. He has hundreds of millions in in property investments, all in cash, and he wants to teach you how to build wealth the right way. So you're gonna get clarity you need Join us Investing Essentials. It's happening March 4th and fifth. It's virtual. You can join from anywhere. Ticket start at 199 bucks. And it's worth every penny to get four or five hours of Dave coaching you. That's pretty incredible. Get yours today. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events or click the link in the show notes if you're tuning in on podcast or YouTube.


Sarah's up next in Rochester, New York. How can we help Sarah? Hi, how's it going? Thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. So basically my issue is I am trying to figure out how we can budget our finances because my husband is a blue collar worker on a commission based pay scale, and we don't have consistent income per year. But last year he made 161,000. The year before that he made 140,000. And the year before that he made 180,000. So I would say an average of 160,000 over the last three years.


Great. And I we're looking into doing the baby steps and snowballing all of this fun stuff. But right now, currently with our mortgage at $4,120, we also have a consolidation loan. Health insurance is $900 a month because through his work it's $1,300. And the credit card debt totals $127,000. Goodness gracious. What'd you guys spend on these cards? Well, it's been a combination of like, I don't hurt me, but I put my husband's motorcycle on my card because we were trying to get the points.


I know that's the worst answer you could possibly want to hear, but so that's $18,000 and we have just multiple bills. He has $72,000 in credit card debt. And I have not including that motorcycle. It's like $34,000. It's, I put groceries on it, I've put property taxes on it because our personal Property. So where is your actual income going if you're using the card to fund your life? Well, it does make great money. That's, I know, and that's the problem is I, it disappears.


I mean, we have, we have the, the total debt that's going out per month for all of our payments is $9,600. 9,600. Yeah. Does that include the mortgage? Yes. Goodness gracious. That's A yes. It's A what is your, so your average take home pay, I mean it's, is it 10 grand a month? Eight grand a month? Well, I'm, I'm guessing it's like closer to 13 because Well, that's, that's the average though. That's the problem. Some months we'll have fantastic months and some months we don't. So like for instance, if he has a bad couple of weeks or if he took vacation, then he gets his hourly pay.


Let me make this clear. There are no vacations in your near future. Why is that motorcycle not sold? Well, no Vacation, we went nowhere. You need to be going to work. You don't need to be staying home at all. Well, right. Yeah, it, but Where is this motorcycle? Where is it? It's in the garage. Why Is it not sold yesterday? That's the source of, See, here's the deal, Sarah, I, I'm listening to this and, and George will keep coaching you, but I'm, I'm jumping In. I'm getting fired up on your behalf. I I like how fired up you're getting, George. It's, it's hard to tell between when you're calm, when you're fired up. So it's really gotta be discerning. Well, I'm off and irritable. You know, you Are. But, but what's going on here is not the irregular income.


You're kind of presented this call as my husband's got irregular income, by the way George and I do as well. So you're actually talking to two people that this is how our, we are paid as well. And, and so your issue is not that, your issue is you're overspending, you're not living within the means whether it's regular or irregular. That's the problem. Right. And so what happens is, because you put all this stuff that you couldn't afford on credit and you got yourself in so much debt, the irregular income makes it even more stressful than it would be if you had it coming in every month. So, right. I just wanna make sure that you are acknowledging this or hubs needs to acknowledge this because if he's holding up the sale of the, of the Harley, then you guys gotta have a, a real sit down here and go, this has gotta stop.


But the irregular income is not your issue, It's the behavior. Yeah. And so, you know, to George's point, you better go make some more right now, Sergeant George. No, but on, on a bad month, let's say it's 10 grand. So we know that on a great month it might be 15 grand. Right, right, Right. So it's not zero. Correct. So we can't go, well we can't do a budget 'cause it's irregular. Yeah. What you guys need to do is cut up the cards yesterday, freeze your credit, completely, close all the accounts, start doing the debt, snowball and sell everything you can in site while also working twice as much as you are There. It is. Right. Well, I've run out of children to sell, but I, I definitely would like to do the snowball, but is there a way to negotiate with the creditors to help with the interest rate?


I don't Wanna run away from this debt. You can call every creditor and say, Hey, listen, we're trying to pay you back. This interest is killing us. Would you be willing to lower it's? But even that's, even that's a secondary action's not, you didn't even hear anything George said. I did. I did. We need to cut up all of our cards. I know, but I'm, I'm looking forward from here if we do all of these things, I just wanna see Sure, Sure. Call 'em. We could be paying for 120 years. Right. But here, what's the motorcycle payment every month? 360. Boom. So tomorrow you could free up 360 bucks if you, if you get rid of that thing. Are you under water on it? I don't, I don't know. I have not checked the resale value of it at this point.


Is hubs willing to sell this or is he, You said like it was a sore spot, like it was not gonna go away. Well here's, here's, this could be a co totally different issue too. He works really hard and he doesn't, doesn't I think he works too hard to be this broke. He works hard to finish that sentence. I want to hear this. He works really hard. Keep going. I know. Well, and, and I don't want to take something that he loves so much. He absolutely loves it. But the Reality, he's not gonna love anything. I don't care how great your toys are. When you're miserable underwater with debt, you don't love anything. Right? True. And don't you think the stress of having to work this hard and pay off all this debt is not worth the joy of the motorcycle that we can go buy once we're debt free.


Right? Agreed. I mean, this is like a child who's unwilling to let go of their toy. I know. Well, It's not grand PAs from World War ii, this isn't sentimental. Right? True. So I just feel like we need to make some sacrifices here. And you're looking for solutions that are shortcuts that don't involve us having to change our lifestyle. It's been outta control for so long that you guys don't know another life. Right? And that's why cutting off all the, you can't go into credit card debt if you don't have a credit card. That's what I've found. Right? That's the best way to address the issue. So cutting up these cards, getting rid of the motorcycle, you need some instant relief right now. And it's not gonna come from a debt repayment company or another consolidation loan or adding more debt.


You've gotta start cutting, right? And so you gotta have a come to Jesus moment with your husband tonight and say, this is not okay. Why are we living like this? We make $180,000. How are we in crippling debt? Right? And so, very true. Is your husband on board for this? It sounds like you're wanting to make a change and you're going, Hey, it's a hard sell. 'cause he's a hard worker. I don't want to take, well, I don't wanna make him sacrifice anymore. He is on board. I just, I am the type of person, I'm a people pleaser and I want him to be happy. And I'm, I'm equating his happiness with his motorcycle. How? Let me ask a quick question. Five, second answer or less. How happy would he be if all that debt went away tonight?


Oh, world's happier World's. Well then, then why don't we aim on that people pleaser, Right? Happiness is not in stuff. You can find happiness in financial peace because of a lack of stress. But it's not gonna come from riding that motorcycle while you're in crippling debt, stressed out, affecting your marriage and your financial future. I'm gonna send you guys Financial Peace University 'cause I wanna see you in, I think you need some fire under your butt. And I think Dave and Crew can help if you watch all nine lessons. So hang on the line Sarah. We're gonna send you guys Financial Peace University as a Valentine's gift on us. This is The Ramsey Show.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death. And predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure so you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid Big Bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


It's that time again folks. Tax season is here. I know some of you would rather bury your head in the sand until April 15th than face your taxes. But here's a better idea. If your tax situation is complicated, get in touch with a Ramsey Trusted Tax Pro today. That way they can take the stress off your shoulders and once those tax forms come in and teach you how to keep your tax bill as low as possible, but don't wait. RAMSEY Trusted Pros can book up fast. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro to find one who serves your area with excellence. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel, joined by Ken Coleman and we're also joined by a lovely couple on the debt-free stage. It's Brian and Taylor. How are you guys doing? Good. You Amazing. I mean, you guys are better than you deserve today on the debt-free stage. Where are you from? Greeley, Colorado. Wonderful. How much do you guys pay off? We started out in 2021 with $102,361 and 45 cents in debt. Wow. Since then we, we just started RAMSEY in October of 2023 and we paid off in the last 15 months. We paid off the remaining $38,727 and 90 cents.


Whoa. Okay. So how long did this full journey take to pay off the 102? Go Ahead. Since May of 2021. Wow, that's incredible. So how many months does that do the math with me here? Almost, almost four years. Yes. Okay. Just shy of four years. But in 15 months was the, almost Was the big one. It did like you really went gungho. Yes. Okay. And what's the range of income during that time? We started out at 140,000 and then we ended up at about 158,000. Wow. What do y'all do? I'm a truck driver And I do all international documentation for JBS. Cool. Alright. Very nice. So tell us about this 102,000. What kind of debt was this?


Ooh, it was everything. We had credit card debt, student loan debt. And I'm blanking cars. I am service nervous Cars. You're doing great by the way. You're okay. I mean, look at us. I mean, we don't scare anybody. So just deep breath, you're gonna be fine. Watch it or I will come take your job. Uhoh. Now I'm scared. Now I'm nervous. Reverse intimidation Tactic. She just flipped it on me. We had it all. So when we started this journey, it was hard because in 2021 we had barely just been married. We've only been together for six years and between us we have seven kids. Wow. And so a combo marriage, and we both brought debt to the table and then we fought a lot.


It was many, many arguments, many tears, many slammed the doors in the house. And then it was in the summer of 2021, I started listening to RAMSEY. And after about two months I went home. And when I, I was excited and I told Brian, I said, Hey, we need to do this. You need to start listening to these shows. And he looked at me, he goes, I'm not gonna do MLM. I said, it's not multi. Oh my God, That's hilarious. That's good. I said, no, this is you buckling down and paying off your debt. And so I wasn't sure how to approach this because money was a huge argument for us. Yeah. And we were both embarrassed. We were both frustrated. And So we didn't, we didn't know how to communicate. So I reached out to Andy Thiel, who was from our financial advisor, and I asked him to come to the house one day.


And so he came over and he sat down and we were talking numbers. So Brian said, no, I'm not gonna sit here and talk. And so I sat there with Andy and I slid a piece of paper across the table and I said, well, here's our debt, here's our income, here's our age, where will we be at retirement? And he kinda looked at me dumbfounded when he looked at the number and he didn't say anything. He got up and left. And about a week and a half later he called back and he says, I have some charts and graphs and I have some numbers. I said, is, can I get you and your husband to sit down? So he came back to the house and again, I said, Brian, would you come sit down? And Brian's like, Ugh. You know? But he did. He came over, he stood next to me. He wouldn't sit. And then when Andy brought out the charts and graphs, he goes, I don't, he goes, when I left your house, he goes, it was very dismal. He goes, I was nervous for you guys 'cause of where you're at with your age and what your debt was.


And you know, he didn't see how we were gonna get outta this. And he goes, I don't know what your plan is. He goes, but what you have shown me, and he slid the charts of grass over, he goes, you guys will be self-made millionaires at retirement. And right now Brian is 55 and I am 50. No, he's 57 and I'm 50, 55. Sounds better. I'm 54. Yeah. I'm nervous. I'm flubbing up here. You're doing Great. Wow. So where are you guys at now? Well, we are completely deaf. We're on baby steps three. But the accept the house. Accept the house. That's True. And on track to become baby steps millionaires by retirement. Yeah. Even after all of that. So what encouragement to anyone listening, who's going, wait, it's too late for me. Well, we have Brian and Taylor here telling you that even if you get a quote late, start in your fifties, you can still turn this around and retire with dignity.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. What a beautiful picture. Yeah. And Brian, what got you were the reluctant spouse. You heard RAMSEY way and all you heard was Mary Kay and not the same. Right. So what got you to actually make that turn and go, All Right, fine, I'll do this. Just looking back at what I hadn't done and what I did do was what was wrong and what I should be doing for my family and my wife. So was it really that kind of like, you didn't wanna look in your own mirror and go, oh, I'm part of this problem. So was that why you were shutting down? Right? Yeah, I was embarrassed, you know, I should have done better. And, and then Taylor was a numbers person and she was an ex, she's an ex teacher. And so I kinda learned from her. And so You had to let go of your own baggage and shame and go, All Right, I'm part of this, but I gotta do something about it.


Exactly. If I'm for the problem, I'm the solution. Yep. Alright, so here's what I want to know. So after the charts and graphs kitchen moment, we'll call it, what did it look like going forward? How committed were you? What was the most extreme thing you did? Give us, give some people out there that are listening, watching give 'em something to hold onto. What'd you do? Well, I made up a graph and it's, it's one of those little thermometers and I put it on the wall right outside of our bedroom door. So we were forced to walk past it every day to see what our actual debt value was. And then we filled it in. Yeah. Colored it in as we went and you know, paid out the debt. But that first month when I sat down, I, because it's, it's, it's a hard thing to do with that EveryDollar app.


It took me the three months to Really That's right. Get it figured out to learn it. It's a stumbling project. But that first month I looked at him and I said, we spend way too much eating out. And so we did a 30 day challenge. And whew, that was a hard one because no Eating out for 30 days, No eating out. And so then when I Was there, any rice or beans in Beans? A beans. A lot of home cooking and food beans. Yes. But when we got done, you know, we both, he was like, well, I, I wanna be able to have some enjoyment. And I said, well, let's just do two, two dates a month where we have one with the family and then just one with us. And we were gonna put that in the budget, which I did, but we didn't use it because we realized, you know, how much money it was costing to eat out.


So we just kind of quit everything all together. And this is our first trip since we started this. This is the first Oh, all that's sweet. We're all out on this. So it, it's, Did you stay at a decent hotel? We did. We did. Alright. It's, when do you guys recommend it actually Oh, Good. That I didn didn't know we were in the hotel recommendation business. I, I, no one consulted me. I'd like to see what is concierge, because I got an opinion on hotels. I'm, I'm what they call bougie. I'm told I love that about, I don't know what it means, but I'm told that's what I am. Can I give a shout out to all of our kids? Please, Please do. Okay. All seven of 'em. Here we go. All Seven. Okay. So they range from 33 down to 15. Wow. Wow. So we have Brianna, Ian, Tyler, Brandon, Aaron, Claire, and Tyler.


And yes, we have two Tylers, one from each of us. But our kids are our motivator too, because we realize Sure. Looking back, both of us have lived paycheck to paycheck and it's been a very, it's, it's a hard struggle and we don't want our kids to follow in that path. So the two living at home are the two youngest ones, Claire and Tyler. And they're, they've watched our struggles and they've, they felt the heartaches that we've been going through as well. That's amazing. Change that family tree. Yeah, Absolutely. What's next for you guys? You're on baby step three and now we're gonna be investing for the future. Yep. As your financial advisor being cheering you on. Any other cheerleaders in your life? My mom was probably my biggest one. And then we were our cheerleaders for each other. But my mom would, she checked in quite often and she would send text messages and, you know, I'd send her pictures of the graph and, you know, she would, she was the one that was probably the biggest one for me.


That's Awesome. What's the 32nd encouragement you would give to someone who might be where you guys were in your fifties going, gosh, we're a hundred thousand dollars in consumer debt. We're so far behind on retirement, we're never gonna be able to do this. Be smart. Sit down with the financial, the thing that woke me up was looking at what money we didn't have and realizing how in far in debt we were, and we, you know, we made a big mistake. We pulled out 70,000 out of our retirement as a down payment on our house before RAMSEY and realized, you know, that was probably one of the biggest mistakes we ever made because that's a like a $430,000 mistake that wow. We, we just weren't set up for retirement at the time. And that now we're on track. That's incredible. Well, hey, we've got a little parting gift for you for coming by.


We've got two one year subscriptions to EveryDollar. That was the tool that helped you. Yay. After three months of struggling through it, figuring it out, it's what helped you guys get debt free. Yes. So feel free to use that or pass it on to someone to get their journey started. We are so pumped for you guys. All Right. You ready to do this? Yes. Yes. We've got Brian and Taylor from the Denver, Colorado area. $102,000 paid off credit cards, student loans, car loans. It's all gone. They did it in under 40 years with the last chunk. Getting knocked out fast in 15 months, making one 40 to 1 58. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 2, 1. We done free.


That's special from the kitchen fights to a debt-free life On Valentine's Day, no less. Oh, romance In here. Is there anything more romantic than fiscal responsibility? I don't Know. I gotta believe Cupid was debt free. I just, you gotta be, I almost said Cupid. That can't be much money in that matchmaking. Yeah, But hey, how's he pay for those Arrows? We love to see it. This is The Ramsey Show.


I still remember 10 years ago, 23 years old, I was frustrated, anxious, and flat broke. I had followed all the ways that toxic money culture had led me down from well-meaning parents and misguided guidance counselors. And it left me with a pile of debt. But I'm telling you it doesn't have to stay that way over a decade. I went from broke to millionaire and I break it all down in my new book, breaking Free from Broke, I'm gonna show you just how toxic this money system is and how you can break free from credit scores and credit cards and student loans and auto loans and investing traps. And finally live a life that you're not exhausted by a life with more margin, more options, and more peace. If you wanna check out the book, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to get your copy of breaking free from broke. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Ken Coleman. Hey, this is the last segment of this hour and if you want to check the rest of the show out, you gotta get the Ramsey Network app. The only place to get full episodes of The Ramsey Show, you can download the Ramsey Network app for free. Just use the link in the show notes or just search Ramsey Network in your app store. For everyone listening on radio stay tuned. The show will continue as programmed, but everyone else don't miss out. It's happening in the app. Michael in New York is up next. What's going on Michael? Hey, how are you? Thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. How can Ken and I help? Sure. So it's really just general investment advice and guidance.


I got married a few months ago. Congrats and thank God we got, thank you. We got a lot of money in wedding gifts. You know, we currently don't have any, get any debt but we have like $45,000 sitting in our checking account, which is obviously ridiculous. That's amazing. So I just wanted to, yeah, thank you. I just wanted advice on you know, where, where you would put it and also just some, you know, passive and investing with my income. Okay. So what is your household income? It's about 120,000. Awesome. And you said you guys are debt free. Do you have an emergency fund? Yeah. And savings outside of the 45? No. Or is that kind of everything? No, that's everything.


Okay, so that's all the money to your name, that's liquid. Yeah. And what would a month of expenses look like for you guys right now as a married couple? Have you kind of figured out finances yet? Not so much. Our, our rent is about 2,400 utilities. Another 300 I own my car. It's probably around 3,500 altogether a month. Does That include like food, insurance, everything? Yeah, maybe a little more. 3,800. Okay, so let's call it four grand is one month of expenses. Yeah. And we'd recommend three to six months of expenses in a fully funded emergency fund. So for you guys we can call that 15 or 20 grand. Okay.


So Let's say you kept 20 grand aside as your emergency fund, label it, emergency fund, do not touch it unless there's a true emergency. And then the other 25 now, now we're talking now we can use this money towards something. I'm not sure if it should go toward investments yet. Let's dig in a little more. Are you guys renting right now? Yes we are. Okay. And you rent is 2,400 a month. So at this stage of the game, once you set that money aside today you'll be in baby step four, five and six. And so I would be working on investing 15% of your household income. So for you guys that would look a lot like, what's that per month? Ken? Do the math for me here. One 20. What are you doing?


Hit me again. I'm sorry. I was Thinking about so 18 grand a year. Yeah. So basically 1500 bucks a month from your future income should be going toward investing so that 20 K might become a starter down payment fund for you guys. That's what I personally Would do. You commend keeping that in cash? I would keep, if this is a shorter term goal, let's say in the next few years, yeah, I would just keep it in a high yield savings account. I would not keep it in cash. Yep. You gotta at least keep up with inflation and let this money grow for you. And so a high yield savings account is the place I would store any short term savings goals, any emergency fund. Yep. Okay. And do you have any recommendations for high yield savings? Absolutely. Yeah, you can check out Laurel Road is one that has been a great partner for my YouTube channel.


Laurel road.com/george and then we've got Fairwinds as well. That's been a great partner on The Ramsey Show. They have a great checking and savings bundle. So there's a lot of options out there. And here's what I wouldn't do. I wouldn't go rate climbing. People will try to go, well I can get 3.8% over here, but now it's three. The rates are changing all the time. Yeah. And they've been going down and so don't worry as much about that, just don't leave it in a boring old checking account or a regular traditional savings account. That's the key. Got it. And then beyond that, start investing in your retirement plans. You have through your employer, you got a 401k or something equivalent? No, unfortunately my employer doesn't gimme that. Okay. You're not self-employed though.


Your employer just doesn't have any retirement options. I'm not, Yeah. Okay. So your next best bet would be something called an IRA. And that's something you can open without having an employer. As long as you have earned income, you can open up an IRA and there's a Roth version. All that means is you're paying the taxes now, you're not gonna get a deduction come tax time, but that money will then grow tax free and you can withdraw it tax free come retirement. Wow. That's So you could fund that. It's about $7,000 a year is the max contribution for this year. And so you and your wife could both do one of those and that would get you real close to that 15% goal. Right. Amazing. Absolutely. And I'm gonna send you as, as a newlywed gift, a copy of my book Breaking Free from Broke that walks you through all of this.


Even on the wealth side there's a investment traps chapter, wealth is patience chapter that will really help you guys navigate all of this. And I think that'll, that'll be a great start 21 to be making six figures debt free. Yeah, It's great. And I, I was only gonna add one thing, Michael, is that don't, not that I'm thinking you're going to, but I think this is the human condition. I I agree 100% that I would put the 20,000 the additional after he is done everything else, the, the emergency fund. I don't let that burn a hole in your pocket. And that's an old phrase, you know, when I was a kid, you know, your, your grandfather give you 50 cents or something and then don't let it burn a hole in your pocket. Which I'm like, what does that mean? It means, you know, hang on to it, don't spin it right away.


And I think for a young couple, certainly this young, you get 20 grand there, there's a lot of people that will talk them into using the 20 grand Oh yeah. Right now to get in a house as opposed to be patient. Let that 20 grand be an awesome start and really build a really big down payment. You know? Oh, Absolutely. That's, and then they're in the New York, New York City area. Exactly. Which means 20 grand is is not a suitable down payment, But you know what I'm talking about. Absolutely, absolutely. There will be no shortage of people that'll go, oh, take the 20 grand and only put this in small and then no, no, no. Sit tight on that 20, build on that 20 would be my advice. Absolutely. I love it. Great call Michael. Thank you.


Paige is in Oklahoma City. Up next, How can we help Paige? Hi, how are you guys today? Doing great. What's going on? I'll just get right to my question. I inherited a home free and clear about three years ago. I was wondering if we should sell it and put that towards our mortgage or keep it as an investment property. Ooh, this is a fun one. I like this. Tell us more. Tell us how much rent, it's how much profit it is spitting off in rental or have you not started renting it yet? It's been rented with a tenant for about a year and a half. She's great on time every single month, but she just gave us notice that she would probably be moving out in June.


Okay. And By 10 And it's paid for, correct? Yes. So what, what were you making in a year for renting that? Roughly 10 to 12, 10 to 12,000 after Taxes. Okay. And what's it worth? So it probably would go for about 180. Okay. And what's left on your mortgage? 300. So you could throw the proceeds of the home sale if you did sell it toward the mortgage, knocking it basically in half. Yes. That's definitely, I mean the fact that you're even calling about this makes me think you don't really want to be in the landlord business.


I mean we, it hasn't been an issue, we're just kind of laying option. We're almost done with baby step two and we'll have baby set three done by May. So we're just kind of looking ahead. So just trying to see if that was probably a better investment or just keeping it as a rental. I'll tell you what I would do if I were you because the, the house is not worth an enormous amount. It's not gonna, I mean how much more is it gonna keep going up over 10 years, George? Yeah. You know what I Mean? And what's your household income page? Yeah, We make about 110. Okay. So losing 10,000 in rental income is not gonna make or break your budget. Right. It was a small part of your income anyways. And They're not keeping 10 'cause you guys got expenses on that house.


So for those reasons, George, for those reasons, Paige, I, if I were, you would sell the house and knock that mortgage of your actual home in half. I think that's gonna put you further ahead financially than actually keeping the house. I just don't see that that house is worth that much long term versus your current home and your current homes worth double and, and, and you're gonna be able to, to roll that I, you know, in time like George has done, George Whitney have done that recently. Yeah. And so I, I, that's what I would do if I were you. I'd sell the rental and put it all towards your current home. Okay. Alright. Alright. Good luck. This is an exciting time. What I assume, assume You agree with that I got out in front of the money Guy.


Yeah. Here's thing, you know, Dave loves real estate. He'd probably just hang onto it 'cause he loves real estate and he's got lots of tenants and lots of properties. Yeah, yeah, sure. It's not a, like everyone needs to own property and everyone needs to have investment property. You could take that 180 grand put in an investment account and you can make the same amount you're making from your renter just without the hassle. And so there's no one way to do this. That's right. And I, I like her plan of getting rid of the primary mortgage, freeing up the mortgage payment, investing that, and then later on they can always save up and pay for an investment property with cash. Yep. But great question. All Right. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. If you want to catch more of it, we're still sticking around. You gotta go to the Ramsey Network app to get it. We'll see you over there. This is The Ramsey Show.


The right questions are the key to unlock personal and professional potential. It means if you're not where you want to be, you are not asking the right questions. I'm Ken Coleman and this is what my new show Front Row Seat is all about. Over my career, I've had the distinct privilege to interview successful people from all walks of life and to coach over 10,000 professionals who wanted more. What sets successful people apart is a never ending desire to learn and grow. Each week I'll be joined by industry leaders and world class experts to have a conversation about how to get better, move up and lead well in work and life. But the best part of this show is you get to be a part of the conversation. Live in Studio will have a group of professionals just like you, who have the power to ask questions and steer the discussion in real time. It's an opportunity to get real answers to real questions, like how to make the right decisions, have hard conversations, live a balanced life, and discover your Next Steps to grow. Join us every Tuesday for conversations that are guaranteed to surprise, challenge, and inspire you. Check out Front Row Seat wherever you get your podcasts.