
Live From Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting it today with my good friend Ken Coleman. And listen, if you love The Ramsey Show, if you are an an active listener, we need your help. We wanna know what your favorite parts of the show are, what you like, what you don't like, what you wanna hear more of. And we have a survey that is live right now that we would love for you to partici participate in. So two ways you can do that. Number one, you can text survey to 3, 3, 7, 8, 9. Text the word survey to 3 3, 7, 8, 9.


Or you can visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey. And if you are listening on YouTube or podcast, just click the link in the description. We're actually giving away a $500 Gift Card Wow. To someone that fills it out. But these surveys really do help us shape the content of the show and what you guys want to hear. And So we are thankful for you to do that. Now, you can give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five and Ken and I will be answering your Questions. You know, I'm looking at the screen here in the studio and it just occurs to me, we look like we're very coordinated today. We did not communicate ahead of time. James, this is just, you know, Ken loves A coordination of outfits and here we are. I'm A little excited about it, which is why I pointed it out.


It's rare that we, you know, coordinate outfits. It never happens. So this is fun. But we're here to coordinate efforts on your behalf. How about that? Well, well do you like that? Like that segue? Well done. Okay, up next we have, which is one of my favorite calls to take, is actually two people on the line. I'm assuming there are a couple. You're kidding me. And this is Valerie and Bill, I couldn't be more excited that we have calling a couple on with us. Yeah, they're calling from St. Louis. Hey you guys, welcome to the show. Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for having us. Absolutely. And you're both here, right? Yes ma'am. Yes Ma'am. That's so fun. Okay, so great. Oh boy. Alright. How can we help? What's going on? Yes ma'am. So I inherited, inherited a large amount of money from my dad.


How much? Like a million plus. Wow. And it's in, in the cell of his house is where it initially comes from. There's actually an addition to that inheritance that's in IRAs and, and things of that nature. It's like 2.5 in, locked up in that. But wait, two Point, obviously 2.5. Wait, hold on real quick. Valerie, 2.5 in the investments and the million from the house? Or is that, or is 2.5 altogether? No, it's separate. Yes ma'am. Okay, so 3.5. Okay. Yes ma'am. So my question is, I would like to give some of, a little bit of this money. Not, not a lot, just a little bit to our four children right now. My dad didn't leave him anything. I was the only child.


And so he pretty much just left everything to me. But I would like to gift them some. And the, the dilemma I'm having is that I have four different, four kids in four different financial situations. My oldest one is married with three kids, a wife that works, has a house. He's financially okay. My second son is married, has a wife, two children with one on the way, could use a financial bump if you will, owns a house. My, my daughter who's also older, she owns a house but is living with her boyfriend, who they own the house together. I know that's a real Dave RAMSEY. No, no, but, but anyway.


And so she's financially, well she's graduated nursing school and she's got a good head on her shoulders financially, she's the saver. And then I have a daughter who is currently in college and still lives at home who needs to get hit heavily in the head with the Dave and the financial piece seriously. So you can see I'm kind of all over the map with, if I give them some money, how, how do I gift it to 'em? I don't want one, I don't wanna enable one. I don't want another one to just blow it. I don't want to, you know, potentially give them money and put it on the principal Of the house. Alright, so lemme lemme jump in for a second. So how much are you planning to give each child the same amount or different amounts?


Same dollar amount across the board? It's not, I mean, it's not huge. I'm just thinking like, where's Bill? What, what do you think? Maybe just 10,000. Just like 10,000. Just something just to kind of help them, ease them their financial life right now. All right. So, so where's Bill at on this deal? Bill? Yes sir. Where are you at? I personally think I, I personally think they wait until something happens and we pass on to the other side and they get the whole shebang that's in our Truck. Okay. This is a, okay, this is a yes, this is an interesting discussion. Okay. Because I read a book which you guys should read just for this discussion 'cause I don't agree with the entire book, but it's parts of It. I love that you're coming with a book Recommendation. It's called Die With Zero.


Have you heard Of this? I know, I know this book and it's on my list to Read it. It is, it is interesting. 'cause part of this discussion is what you guys are talking about and it's, his philosophy basically is give your kids your, their inheritance. Now what? Now? So that's 'cause the most time, according to the book, that people need money. So to your point, Valerie is really between 24 and 34, you're paying off student loan debt, you're getting your first home, usually transitions within marriage and kids like the most happens usually within that timeframe. And they could get a head start, quote unquote financially if they had help with a down payment or if they, whatever it is. And then they get to bill above that and they get to start earlier versus them getting money.


This is not kind of against you Bill a little bit, but versus the older kids now being in their sixties when Bill and Valerie passed to the other side, well, when you're sixties you're pretty much all set up, you don't really need it or you shouldn't and then what do you do with that? Right? So it's just kind of like, alright, So let's stay there For a second. Go ahead and use It So before we get them. So if that's the case and and you're not necessarily saying they do that Here? No, it's just a, it's just a take. But They don't, Valerie and Bill, to my knowledge, you two y'all speak up here, you don't have already a set amount that you are gonna give outside of this conversation of give them all 10 grand out of this inheritance. But Bill, if I'm hearing you right, you're going, we don't know what chunk it'll be, but whatever we have left when we die, that's what they get.


There's not a certain amount of money that you would be in favor of giving them. Now this, this idea that Rachel put out there, would the two of you go, all right, if we gave them a larger chunk now, would you be okay with that? Well, my thing is, so we're gonna be paying off our house and a few other things that we have. I just don't want to, I I would rather that money continue to grow because now we would be financially set. Yep. And then in hopes if the market is the way it should be, we would have multimillions in there for them whenever we die. Alright. But that's contingent on you guys stewarding it as you would and it grows over time.


So I appreciate the book idea, but that's, I feels like that's only applicable to people have a large chunk of money now. No, that Is true. Yes. That's fair. So in This case, case, Which which is them in a sense they have 3.5 million. Yeah. So in this case, you two, you guys are, you're calling us to weigh in the middle of this deal. Well, yeah. And I wanna know Bill from you, I mean it's 40 grand, which granted it's nothing to sneeze at, but 40 grand out of 3.5 million. It's not a ton. That's Where I'm at. So is it, what, what's bothering you about it, bill? Is it, is it, it's less about the dollar amount and probably maybe the principle of it Is it, is it truly equal to all four because there's four different situations? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you, as a father of three, Rachel's a, a mother of three.


My vote is yes, each one of them gets the same amount. You create a whole, I don't like giving 'em all different amounts based on their realities. And you could wait with like the one in college and say we're gonna hold it until you're 25. You know what I mean? There could be an age, But do, where are you at on the 10 grand each? Forget the number amount. Is it an equal amount? Oh, it's equal. Yeah. I think you agree with me. Yeah, for sure. I think it needs to be equal. Yeah. I feel like you get real messy real quick. Yes. Even though certain kids obviously maybe need more right now, but I also want this, whenever you give a gift of money, you want it to be a blessing, right? You want this not to continue to harm. So if you do see situation where this could be actually not good for them and leads them in more of an unhealthy path, that would be more of a pause for me.


Yeah. Just to think through. That's why the age limit may be something to think about. Like when you're 25 you get it. I don't know. Yeah, just throwing it out there. But no, I'm in favor. Sorry Bill. I am too. I'm on Vale Side. Sorry. Bill 10 H and it's Such a small percentage compared to what A what? What you guys will leave them anyways. So this is The Ramsey Show.


You know, every year I hear the same excuses for why people don't get the life insurance they need to protect their families. So this year let's clear the air and look at the facts. Most people are concerned about price, but term life rates have never been lower. Having 10 to 12 times your income on a 15 or 20 year plan is in many cases just plain cheap. Second life insurance through your work is not enough, especially since these plans go away. If you change jobs, you need to have your own policy so you're not without protection when your family really needs it. Third, stay at home. Parents need life insurance. Especially those with young kids. People don't realize how quickly the cost sat up without someone at home taking care of things. So no more excuses folks. Get the protection your family needs. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. They've been my choice for all my insurance for over 25 years and are the only people I trust.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We are taking your calls on life and money. Up next we have Kel in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Hey Kel, welcome to the show. Hey. Hi. How are you doing? I'm doing well. I sent an email because I didn't think I could get on, but then I called and got on. There You go. Kel Lookie there. You're live right now. This is exciting. I see, I see. I have a two part question, all one about investment and the second part is about beneficiary. Okay. All right. What's your first question? Alright, So I started watching Dave RAMSEY heavily last year.


I love his advice, all of you, all your perspectives on life and your sense of humor, it's just amazing. But I've always been, Thank you. I feel like she's talking about me there, so I really appreciate that. Cal, thank you. I've always been done well financially, like pretty decent, but there is definitely room for growth and improvement and this show has really helped me. So glad as a social worker, I make about 88 6 annually and I get about 4,200 a month for my rental properties. I own the rental properties outright. I manage 'em myself. So there's not a whole lot of overhead. There was this one episode Dave talked about being able to charge low rent, give grace and et cetera due to circumstances and I, that just really resonated with me.


But also I have quite a nest egg and savings and that comes from a financial insecurity that I once had that I'm now healing. So now I'm open to spending some, you know, leisure, having fun and just investing more. There We go. I've always wanted to, the properties that I have, they're all single family homes and so I've always the long term go, I was like, Hey, I'm done with that. I want to do multi-unit and I think I'm ready. But I'm really not sure about the best way to go about doing that. And some of my ideas just don't align with your principles. I know, but I'm just gonna save them anyway. So I'm not sure if I should finance the multi-unit, get a HELOC on my personal residence where I owe 1 0 1 and it's worth about 300.


My nest bag is 175 cash. That's not quite enough to purchase outright and the prices are just rising and I sometimes I feel bad for not doing this a couple years ago when the prices was lower, but I was scared and all of those things, but, Okay, Kelly, let me, let me interrupt you real quick. Okay, let me ask this. So you make 88,000 a year, you bring in 4,200 in rental properties that you own outright. How many homes is that? Five. Five. And how much are they worth? They're not worth a lot of money. Okay. They're in Alabama, they're not worth a Lot. Okay. No, that's fine. That's fine. No, I mean, still it's fantastic.


And then you have $175,000 in just savings, is that what you said? Just different savings accounts. One is an account where I put all the money from the rentals. That's about a hundred. Okay. I just pay insurance, I just do the repairs. And then the other ones, it's just regular savings. But recently one account has 30,000 in it. And I was just looking and it was gaining like 25 cents a month. And just listening to you all, I listened to the mutual, the mutual trust, I believe Mutual. And I went with LPL Financial and I invested there just to see where that goes. But that's new. I was, you know, nervous.


Great. But like I said, I'm trying to be more open and make money. Yes, totally. No, I hear you for me. Well, Kelly, you've been, lemme just tell you, I mean it's very impressive what you've done. I mean, you're, you are in incredible spot financially. So you call The Ramsey Show. Yes. Any of the examples or options that you gave to purchase a multiunit we would not go for, because they all pretty much involve debt. So I'm not going to go down that route with you. But what I would encourage you in is, you know, I, I so appreciate your willingness and urgency to continue to grow, right? You want your money to grow, like what's the next thing? And I think that that is fantastic. But what happens so easily is that emotion and that motivation sometimes crosses a line of risk, and then people take on debt and then take on risk.


And they take this beautiful, peaceful life that you have where you're just not, I mean, you're making 4,200 month on rental properties. I'm like, I'm like, you're, you have this incredible life set up and then they go and kind of mess with it. And suddenly now you have a bank in your life, you're worried about tenants. And suddenly this peaceful life has now brought on a level of anxiety and work and risk. And you know, it, it takes a part of your, about a part of your mindset away from you and away from the piece that you have. So I want you to grow financially, I'm, we are all about that on this show. I think that that's fantastic. I just want you to do it in a slower, wiser way that's going to ultimately for you, Cal sets you up as a whole person.


Not just the financial piece of your life, but every, every element of your life to still continue this piece that you have. So what I would do is either continue to do, 'cause you can't, I mean from our regards, you don't, you can't afford a to go buy a multi-unit, you know, complex. So what would say is either continue to do what you're doing, maybe save up and go buy, you know, you said that our homes aren't worth a lot. You know, maybe you go and step up in rental and go buy in a nicer neighborhood somewhere that's more expensive. You can get more rent that way. Right. Growing in these ways that it is more within your means when it comes to cash.


Because right now you're on baby step seven. I mean, you're, you're Good. I, I'm sensing Kel that you, you gave us a real window into what's really going on here. And I think you need to be okay with how well you've done. I think Rachel nailed that. And there's the, the same thing that you identified at the start of the call where you have some financial insecurity. You've saved all this money up and you're, you're just afraid to spend it. That's also driving this question, which is I feel like I need more and more and more and I'm willing to be risky and go into debt to fill this hole in your soul. And the hole in your soul here is whatever is you come from that you've conquered by the way, but you still have that fear.


And by the way, we all have those, right? So you're not abnormal, Rachel's, right. You've crushed it. I think you need to identify today that the same thing that's not allowing you to go spend some of that cash and live some of your life and enjoy the, the fruits of being disciplined is the same thing that's making you question, should I add more to my portfolio? Do exactly what Rachel said, when you can upgrade in cash, right? To better investment properties. Do that, but don't have this burning in your soul that I've gotta do more to break some generational poverty or whatever you've come from. And I sense that that's probably true with you. Am I right?


Yeah. Okay. So my, so Rachel's already giving you great advice. I say amen to what Rachel said. I'd add one other little thing. I want you to enjoy some of your money for a bit. Stop thinking about adding your portfolio right now, and why don't we just take a really great vacation? Why don't we bless some people in your community with some nice generous financial gift that's easy for you. But you begin to see the value of what you've done and allow you to soak in that, that, hey, I've, I've earned this, I've broken this generational poverty. I'm never going back. I'm the future, I'm the model. So let's model the way I think that's my encouragement for you Today.


And I would say Cal too, jumping off what Ken was saying, and I think he is so spot on, is that, you know, growing your portfolio, again, it's not, that's not wrong, but we want it to come from a right motivation. Yeah. And if the motivation is out of a lack of fear or scarcity or oh gosh, I if I don't do this, duh, what's gonna happen is you're gonna get the complex and then the finish line moves again. And then it's like, well God, I probably shouldn't have gone one of over there, so maybe I should, you're gonna keep, keep going, going, going, going. There has to be a level of contentment in your soul. That's it. Like a level of peace. That's right. Well It's been, it's been about six years since I invested in anything.


So I have, I was content, you know, and this was a long term goal and I just, you know, starting to feel like, okay, I think I'm ready. Yeah, that's fair. Yeah. Yeah. So then maybe your motivation is pure, but I would just do it then from a tactical sense in the right wisest way, which we would say is not with debt, it is to continue to be autonomous when it comes to your money and not have other people telling you what you have to do. 'cause then you make totally different decisions with your life and money when other people are involved. Yeah. You are in a state of autonomy and that's where I would stay. Kel Kel continue to Grow. You've Crushed it and you're doing great. And go take a vacation. Yes. Spend some money on you. Go enjoy. Thanks for the call.


What the future hold for business. Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle. The number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite And you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth for the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. One of the ways for you to get a handle on your finances in 2025 is to get control of your money. And we have a live stream January 23rd, free to you called take control of your Money. It's hosted by Dave RAMSEY and Jade Warshaw. And you're gonna learn how to stop living paycheck to paycheck, free up some breathing rooms. So finally you can pay off debt to have some margin and some peace when it comes to your money. And then George Kamel and myself are gonna join 'em. Yeah, old cameo, huh? Yeah. Later on in live stream. And we're gonna take some live q and As and kind of do like this show and take some questions and talk to some of the viewers there.


And what's crazy too is if you sign up And you attend this live stream, we are giving some cash away. Yes. There's a cash giveaway for five people to win $4,000 each. I mean that's unbelievable. It's 20 k. Unbelievable. One night. What quick math you can do there. You know, I went to basic math classes. Unbelievable. So sign up for the free live stream by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream or click the link in the description. If you're listening on podcasts or watching on YouTube and join us. It's free. It's, it's gonna be a great night. It really is. These live streams are always very helpful at the beginning of the year to either just get the motivation back again and kind of get back on track. Or if you are new to all of this and you're thinking I need to start a fresh start with my money, this is what you want to attend.


So again, join us for take control of your money on January 23rd. Up next we have Rose in Washington, DC Hi Rose, welcome to the show. Hi, how are you guys? We are doing great. How can we help? So my question's financial, but it's also affected by like relational stuff. So my question is, is it the right decision for my boyfriend and I to move out from living with his family when the lease ends, knowing that our rent will double and we're still in baby step two and then we also have two colleges we have to pay for starting in the fall for some background. I'm 31, he's 27 and we're currently going through like an intense disclosure process in therapy.


So we thinking of being with families, like adding some stress. And then at the same time we unexpectedly got custody of his niece a year and a half ago when she was 17. So we got her late in life. So we know we won't make it to baby step five in time to save up for her college that we have to start paying for in the fall. So what's the alternative if you don't move out of the brother's house? We would have to stay living with like family members, which the rent is cheaper but just it's, and it's not with his parents, it's with like brother nephew and family. So Yeah, it's a disaster. You know, you want to get out of there, you know, you should get out of there, right? Yeah. Yeah. So is there not a better rent option?


It's just like right now each, like me and my boyfriend are each paying like 550. But if we move out, you know, getting an apartment near the DC area for like a one bedroom or two bedroom with our, our niece would be like double what we're paying now where, Okay. I know that area somewhat. Where are you now? What, what area are you in? We're in the suburbs. We're in like Springfield and we're in a big house, so we split it between six people. Right. Versus if we go out on our own, we'll be paying double for ourselves. Yeah. So give us, run the numbers for Rachel here. What you guys, what are your income is versus what this new rent would be. Okay, so I make about 86,000 per per year with multiple jobs.


And then last year my boyfriend made 20,000 'cause he was part-time in college. He's about to take a break on that. So about like together it's about a hundred, 106,000 total per year. And then the rent that we're paying right now is 1,120. But if we move out, it'll increase to about 2,500, which I think is still in the 30% monthly income. But we're nervous about that. We're gonna be cash flowing colleges starting in the fall. Okay. Rose, lemme tell you this, a little bit of a red flag that I have going up is that you're saying a lot of hour, hour, hour, you're taking care and putting money towards a family member and a situation that you don't have any legal, you know, right.


To, in a sense, meaning that you are putting your money into a life in a relationship. That there is no marriage, there is no legal binding and yeah, there's a part of me that I I that worries me because, you know, even though I'm sure you guys are in love And you know, you've, you know, been in a relationship for a while, we get calls on this show quite often that, you know, we get a call and it's like, yeah, my boyfriend and I just broke up and I and I, you know, still have debt and I don't really have a ton. And, and then turns out that they, you know, were giving their money and your income to a situation that if something were to happen with the relationship, you don't get anything from on the back end.


Yeah. Does that make sense? Like there, there's a, there's a big risk there and, and I'm not and I'm not a huge fan of you feeling this burden either because it's not your niece, it's his. And so I I there's a little bit of, And she's the breadwinner. I hate to say in this situation a hundred Percent She is. Which I really don't like. I mean, boyfriend needs to get his acting. Why Don't get ma why don't y get married? Well there's that. So, okay, well that's the, the little part. But yeah, so we've been together almost six years and we were about to get engaged, but he had a relapse and so that's why we're in the intense therapy process. So what do, what, what do you Mean put that on pause Without getting into the nitty gritty? What kind of relapse?


Like a full relapse. Don, Are we talking about substance abuse? No. Okay. Okay. Alright. So I am in a 12 step program. Yeah, You are. Yes. And him too. He's in recovery now and then we're in the disclosure process. Okay. Okay. When you said disclosure, I figured there was something See? Okay. Alright. Yeah, we're not, we don't wanna dig anymore. Just So, so, okay. Yeah. So Rose, I I would, I would Be separate. Separate, separate. Yeah. I, and again, this isn't to punish him, this is to be wise for Rose. And I would tell you this, I mean honestly Rose, we are, we are one of the shows in America that one of the only shows that tell married couples to combine their finances. A lot of people say just keep everything separate regardless if you're married or not.


We say when you get married, you need to combine everything except for with the asterisk, if there is an ongoing addiction, if there's abuse, if, if like there's something in the relationship, we do recommend separating again for protection of the other spouse until trust is rebuilt and all of it. So from a financial perspective, rose, I would really, and again it's not to punish him, but it is to say, hey, we, we are not married and we were going that direction. There was a relapse, which again, I think happens in the recovery world. We have good fr we have a good friend, you know, that, that is in recovery too. And so like, like it, it is wonderful and there is a healing journey and a process that I totally believe in. But I would just, I would slow down and I wouldn't be fretting about the niece's college.


That's not even your niece yet. I mean all of it. Do you know what I'm saying? Like I just, I agree. I would, I would, I would keep, yeah, I would keep some things very, very separate until you feel comfortable enough to marry this man and at that point then he is trustworthy then to together start working on this life financially together. But until then there's no we in it. It's his niece, he got custody. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And I know that probably goes against so much of what, how you guys have been living and I know that feels really counter to it. Yeah. But, but that's, that, that, that's the advice I would Give you. Yeah. Because again, we hear, we hear the other side of it too. Is it? Yeah. And, and just a follow up, rose, is it fair to say that when you're going through whatever you're going through now, is, is it possible that this process leads one or both of you to the point where you guys go, we're not going to stay together or we're not gonna get married?


Oh no, we're, we're pretty sure we're gonna make it through The process. Okay. Alright. I didn't understand that. Okay. So, you know, at this point I'm never a fan of anybody shacking up together, but I'm old school no judgment by the way, when I say that. No judgment. Yeah. That's just my personal opinion. I'm not judging anybody. Now with that said, then he needs to be truly paying 50 50 on the rent. And you, I'm just clarifying something that Rachel said, you are not taking any of your income to help out with the niece or anything else. Not until you guys are a legal couple. You pay for you. That means you pay your half of the rent, you pay your half of the utilities, you pay your that, that's the, and then everything else is separate until we get legally married.


I wanna make sure you catch that and that keeps things really nice and clean. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Which means he may need to delay college for a little bit. That's right. Yeah. That and get his income up. Yeah. That he, if you guys are gonna move out of the family situation that is toxic and not fun to be in, then your rent goes up and as two adults we have to split that rent. Well if he looks up and says, wow, I don't have a lot for this rent, then I'm gonna have to figure out a way to pay for this rent. And you have to problem solving that, right? Instead of just leaning on you rose for everything. And I, yeah, I, I would be very cautious of that. Which again is, is this is hard and messy in the point of the journey that you guys are relationally too. So I know we're adding on probably an extra layer of hard conversation.


Yeah. But you called so good luck to you Rose. Hope nothing but the best for you guys. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've got a lot to keep organized in life. Kids and calendars and carpooling and cleaning. I mean it is so much. That's why you need a knock box. That way if something happens to you, you leave your loved ones with happy memories and not a huge mess. Knock box is a complete system to help you organize your accounts, personal history, estate planning documents, and all your other info in one place. I'm talking about everything from life insurance policies and social media accounts to your dog's vet divided into 15 simple categories. Plus they've got checklists that tell you what to add to each folder so your family won't have to guess where everything is. So start getting organized today@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. Your family will Thank you. That's knock box N OK box.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi, Why Refi Finances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. You'll have a payment that you can afford with a low fixed interest rate that you couldn't get anywhere else. Deb, you really stick to your budget and work the debt snowball. Go to Why Refi dot com today slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Carissa in Oklahoma. I'm 25, my husband is 37. I have been the main breadwinner since we got married because I wanted my husband to focus on his writing career. I recently had our second child and would like to stay home to raise the babies. The problem is, I can't convince my husband that we can make it on one income. He has not consistently held a job for the last three years due to company layoffs. Oh, address that in a minute. I make about $30,000 a year. My husband, when he's working, by the way that's in parentheses E Makes about 30,000 as well. Our rent is $800 a month. And besides our normal bills, we have a car payment of $300 a month. We also owe 3,700 in medical bills.


We budget and don't live outside our means. It would probably be a big financial change to only have one income. But I feel like my most important job is to take care of my children. Is my desire to be a stay-at-home mom. Unrealistic in this economy And the economy. No, in your household. Yeah. In your husband's reality. Where and your husband's where he can't seem to hold down a job. I tell us about. What do you think? You think Ken? Alright, you heard me? Okay, so I'll address that One's what I wanna know the layoff situation. Well, okay, so I, Let me get my tea. All right. Let remind you, he has not, this is, these are her words. He has not consistently held a job for the last three years due to company layoffs. False. If I had a buzzer sound, I would hit the buzzer.


It should be worded. He has not consistently held a job for the last three years due to his lack of lack effort. Now what I'm not disputing is that the guy's been laid off maybe multiple times over a three year period. But when someone is not consistently holding a job down for anything longer than six months, it's an effort issue. And, and that's gonna cause a little stir with some people. Let me explain. In the American economy as of today, one can go work. It may not be the career that you got educated in or that you want to be in, but I can promise you that if I'm shown the door later today after the show, which the jury's still out, I I'm not gonna be without work for three years, no matter what happens, I am going to work somewhere and I will make 20, 22, 25 an hour at a bare minimum.


Not because I'm great or I'm special or uniquely talented Because I have a pulse. Am I, am I, am I making a clear point? Yes. And so there's zero reason for him to go 36 months. And I'm putting it that way on purpose without consistent income. You know, I, and I have a heart for this. It's what I've been doing the last seven years at Ramsey Solutions on The Ken Coleman Show. It's coaching people who aren't where they wanna be professionally, but there, there is no excuse for a man that has a wife and a child to go three years without consistent income. Three years with industry volatility.


Sure. Let's happened. So I wanna make sure that the critics are really hearing what I'm saying. I I I I'm not saying he hasn't gone through layoffs and maybe his industry or what, what, but you can go do something and we're talking about $30,000 a year is what she's making. Right? Right, right. And he makes about 30,000 when he works. I gotta get my calculator out here. I'll give it to you. But I believe that 20 to $25 an hour range gets you there. It does. It's, it's well over that. Let's just go $20 an hour times 40 hours a week for those. That's 800 says 3,200 a month. So that does it. Don't tell me that in America today that you can't go get a $20 an hour job or a $15 an hour job and then a $16 an hour job.


We split. My point is, is after I Yes, totally. I'm gonna take care of my wife. Yeah. And I'm gonna take care of my baby. Yep. So That's what I think Carissa the issue here is not that there is a lack of opportunity out there for him to go do that. So that you can Yes. Have the desires met it the ball in a sense is in the relational court of your marriage. Not the financial. Because there is something that he, a mental block he has. Yeah. Whatever his thing is and that's your issue. And now to get a man to see that, a husband, to see that who is in a belief system, obviously that is not, that that is counter it is is difficult.


And So, you know what The bro needs, he needs some grit. Good old fashioned grit. Hey dude, I know it sucks. Go Landscape. I know it sucks. Go do some manual labor. Right. That's what I would Tell 'em. Get some grit. Man. I wish I could. I wish I had a big fake, what do you call those things? You, what do you I'm, I'm blanking out. Or you give people a shot. What do you call it? A syringe. Thank you. I need a big giant fake syringe James. And it's filled with grit. I'll get right on that. Thank you. And I just bring out, I bring it out on calls like this. I know this is horrible and they're making fun of me, but it's making the point. And I just hold it up. I go, you need a shot of this my man. Help this woman out so that she can go home and take care of her babies.


Because we've talked about this before on this show. And I'd like to say it because she wants To, this is what, this is her Desires being a stay at home mom is the highest honor and the greatest job on the planet. Period. That's what I think. I Love it. I hearts that Ken. I Mean it. Amen. Hallelujah. I mean it Well lemme tell you, it's, it's harder work to do that than to do what I'm doing right here chatting with adults. Right. And by the way, that's not, that's right. Seriously. It's, It's very difficult. Very difficult. And that's not to say To be a stay at home mom That I, I knock professional women 'cause every time we do stuff, I know, listen, my wife, You gotta Both sides. My wife different seasons was working outside of the home. Yep. One of my dearest friends on the planet.


My little sis right here. She does it. I'm not knocking. I'm just saying we gotta get to a point where there's no shame. Well and I think in a For stay at home moms and The ideal within a marriage family unit like this is that both people individually that your desires, your needs, your wants, your passions in life, all of it. Like how do we both, how do we, how are we able to live in a world where both of you have that And you can support each other within it. Right. So that's holistically, I think what makes part of a really healthy, beautiful relationship when that is in play. It doesn't happen all the time. Right. It doesn't happen every season. But when you're kind of in that rhythm. That's right. And so when you can do that for each other, so for him, that's what I would say to him is like there is a level of sacrifice.


Yes. And in reality and grownup world that you're an adult with kids. Like you have to go have a job. Like you have to make money. And then if your wife is able to stay at home after you go and do those things, 'cause that's her desire, like that's beautiful. Yeah. Like that, that is something that we should all be reaching for to do the things that we want. Right. See that's A great point. I know that you and I could speak to this, but there are many times in in our two marriages where each one of our spouses has made sacrifices for us. Yes. To do what we get to do. That's Right. Yes. With the travel and the speaking they have. Yes. Totally, Totally. Multiple. We could go down a list. Yep. And and I think it's really important what you said that, you know, at, there are times where one of the spouse has got to make some massive sacrifices for the other spouse knowing that your season is coming and it's just part of the deal.


I believe that both can have what they want. They may not get it at the same time. No, that's right. But when you can set it up. So yeah, so Issa It's a's a really good point. It's a long-winded, long-winded for us. And you know what, but that's, And you what, and, and I wanna say this too, we're talking about in this case $30,000. We're talking about the, I'm giving this guy a hard time with my fake grit syringe and all the stuff I'm saying, but he could, he could get to the point pretty quickly where she could come home. Yes. Well and their bills, I mean they owe you know, 3,700 on medical, which you know, it's not 15,000, it's 37. We got payment, Got a car payment. That's a big chunk but Of 300 a month in in the, in the scope of life though is what I'm saying is that this is handle is manageable, can handle this is manage Right.


This isn't two car loans that are $900 each. That's right. A student loan, $15,000 in medical debt. You know, 90,000 in student. Like it's not this like overwhelming amount. This is a very doable, it's gonna have to be. Yeah. Does he make the decision to do it or not? So Boy needs some grit. Good luck to you Carissa. We'll be mailing out that The syringe syringe to Yeah, James has already got one. He's Googled it, it's gonna be ordered, it's gonna be great. It's gonna be a great prop. Thanks Americas gonna Love It for a great hour. Thanks to everyone in the booth and thank you Ken Coleman will be back.


Self-defense can be a complicated issue, but there's one solution that makes it a lot easier. A burna launcher burners look like firearms, but they're not. They're non-lethal self-defense tools. They shoot chemical irritant projectiles that stop a threat in its tracks without the fatal consequences of a gun burner. Launchers have been vetted by government agencies, police forces and private security agencies worldwide. And no permits or background checks are required to buy or own. One plus burners are lightweight, easy to carry and Give you the power to protect yourself and your family even if you're not comfortable with traditional firearms. Not to mention they have more than 15,005 star reviews. And right now RAMSEY fans can get 10% off an exclusive bundle, which includes a burner pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo and other burner products like safety alarms, defense sprays and body armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to Byrna dot com slash dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave


Live From Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author Ken Coleman and we'll be answering your questions. So give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five and we'll chat about your life, your money, anything and everything. So give us a call up first We have Hunter starting us off in Oklahoma City. Hey Hunter, welcome to the show. Hi, how are you guys? We are doing great. How can we help? So I just finished the Complete Money Makeover book.


Me and my husband have been living off of a budget for the past year or so and we were able to pay off our cards last year and now we're just working on the remainder, which is our student debt. So we currently have $39,000 in student debt. Part of that's my husband's and then the other part is mine and we have $20,000 in savings right now. So I'm just wondering would it be better to pay off like my husband's student loan right now, which is $15,000. So pay it off right now. Or if we sit down on track with our budget, we would be able to pay off the remainder within, like pay it off altogether within the next four months and just pay it off like at one time.


And I'm just wondering which one do you guys think would be better? So the question is do you pay, you know, pay one of them off today 'cause you have the money or do you wait for four months and then pay them all off together? I would go ahead and pay it. Yeah. Go ahead and pay it today. I mean I would, I would start that momentum because as soon as you can hit the principle and get that lowered, then everything else ends up being more in your favor even over the next four months. So I would, yeah, I would for sure go ahead and pay some of it off today. Get that momentum going. So let me, let me ask a question to you. What would keep you from paying the big chunk of it today? What's, what's keeping you guys from doing that?


You know, we just, we, my husband just got a bonus and I just got a raise within like the last like couple weeks. Nice. So we kind of just acquired like a large amount indoor savings account, which is super exciting. Yeah. And I don't think that there's anything that's like stopping us, we're both on the same page of like, okay, we're so excited to pay off debt. Like we're pumped about it. 'cause it can happen really soon. We've both been blessed immensely. But I think, I just think of how exciting it would be to just pay it off all at one time and then just be done with it. I think that that's just what's exciting to me is like, oh, we could do it that way. But the other part is to just pay it off now and then pay off the other half later. Lemme tell you why, lemme tell you.


And I, and I love that answer and I, I I believe you, I think that's an honest answer. The, the challenge is the humanness in all of us. And, and so what happens or what could happen, lemme put it this way, what could happen, Rachel, at any point tell me if you think this is off. I will. Always Kidding. Oh, I know. Like I even had to say that. But you got that money in the bank and it sits there and the whole goal, it's, it's earnest, it's honest, it's well intentioned. We're gonna wait until we get the whole chunk of 39,000, then we're gonna pay it off. It's gonna be woo-hoo and great and fun. Okay. But you sit that money in the bank And you keep looking at that And you wake up every day And you wake up differently when you get a big chunk of change, it goes in the account.


You just do you wake up? I do. Yeah. It feels great. And I go, I wake up and I go, oh god, X amount of dollars in the bank. And what happens is you get real comfortable with that money sitting in that account and then you don't wanna actually have that money leave. I remember the first time we got a fully funded emergency fund years and years ago when we first started this process. Yeah. Long before I worked for Dave, an emergency would come up and I was coming up with ways Not to use it. To Not use it. Yes, totally. I Mean like, like I, we have a three, I'm making this up, $3,000 emergency and I'm selling stuff, breaking my back, stressing out and Cici, we go, we have the money. And I go I know, but I don't want to pull it out.


Yes, totally Of The account. Yes, totally. And so just, just being, I think honest, the human condition is to hold onto that and then life comes up and an opportunity comes up to do something. You go, Ooh, we can pay off the student loan debt, Rachel. Yep. Or we could go on this trip. And I think that's why we always say act now. That's right. Get the win today and I mean today and You're still gonna feel great when you're paying off the 19,000 right. You may be paying, you know, 4,000 next month, 5,000 the next like you're gonna be chopping away at the 19,000 remaining and it's still gonna continue to feel great. And that momentum what Ken's saying, you just kind of keep on this track and this trajectory and you're gonna do it. So a hundred great Job. You agree?


You grew that by the way, percent tend to sit on the money. Hundred percent. Yeah. Well and people, hers is pretty short term being four months. Yeah. Some people that are like, oh, I could wait 18 months for sure. Don't do that because yeah, a a Christmas trip comes up with the family And you wanna travel And you pull some, you know what I mean? Like, you end up not really sticking to the plan. So as much as you can, just staying on track helps your behaviors and the rhythms of your life. Alright, up next we have, is it Nadine in Chattanooga? I'm Gonna say Nadine. Nadine did I? Yeah. Which one's right? I'm so sorry, Nadine. That's why you have me. I'm always your pronunciation guy. Gosh, the phonics. That's why I'm here. This Is tough. Alright, how can we help? Hey there. Thanks for having me. It's Nadine.


Thank you. One point for kids. I'm in a bit of a weird pickle in a sense. I inherited my family farm, my parents farm and some money and it, it excluded my siblings. Hmm. And so now they're, I, well two out of three of em are millionaires. So Oh. The original will kind of mentioned like $10,000 each. And then I, my dad had mentioned after my mom passed that he's gonna put the farm in the trust that will pass through without probate and he was gonna change the will.


I had no idea. He cut out my siblings and now they're all mad at me because they think I'm the one who did it all. Oh, interesting. No, yeah. So it's kind of like opposite of winning the lottery, you know, everyone wants to be your friend when you win, but when you inherit something they feel like you're the bad person. Sure. And I'm like, and sure. Even if I work you, I mean $10,000 is not gonna make a huge difference in their lives. Is that all that's left? Is that what you're saying is is that if you did split it four ways, is it just 10,000 to each person?


Is that what it would be? No, actually they, that was my parents were savers, so there was a little bit more than that. Okay. So what's your question for us? Is it what to do? Yeah. I mean, 10,000 seems so nominal to be petty about, but even if I were to give it to them, I feel like it's never enough. And well, Hold on a second. I I'm still confused and we have only about a minute here. Yeah. Is the amount that was given to you is how much It was over? Well, with the farm and everything was like half million. Okay. Where do you keep coming up with this $10,000 number? I don't understand. That was in the, that was in the original will that my dad had before my mom passed.


And is that what they're wanting? Is that 10,000 or are they wanting a fourth of the 500,000? That's the thing. I'm not sure. But they want, well this, why don't you sit down with your siblings and have a honest conversation and go, guys, I had nothing to do with this. And that's why I want to have the conversation. What do you all prefer we do? What do you all think is fair? If that's what you want to do, now you got two directions. You can either say, I'm gonna honor dad's will and I'm gonna deal with the fallout, or I don't wanna deal with the fallout. I love my siblings, let's get in a room and solve it. Yeah. We're all adults here. Let's figure it out. It's pretty easy. And, and again, if they are competent, healthy people And you can do that. And millionaires, that's great. Million millionaires too. Yeah, it's true. Oh, I hope that helps. Thanks for the call.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey folks, we all have stories. The family and cultural stories that we were born into. The stories of the things that have happened to us both good and bad and the stories that we constantly tell ourselves. And while we can't go back and change any of our old stories, the world is waiting to see what you and I are gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I wanna encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new ones you're writing. And I'm not talking about goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life forever for the better. And if you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories, even heal from them, and begin to write new ones. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is 100% online therapy And you can talk with a licensed therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with the licensed therapist And you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


I don't know about you, but I love the new year. It's a fresh start and I get to reflect on the good things I wanna keep doing and the not so good things I wanna change. And I know a lot of you are psyching yourself up thinking, okay, this year I've got to get my finances in order. And big goals like that are really exciting, but they can also be overwhelming. That's why it's so important to have a plan. So before you do anything else, start with a budget. Start with every dollar. I love every dollar because it's so easy to plan out your spending and keep track of it every month. Plus most people free up on average, $400 in their first budget to go towards their goals. Guys, this can be an amazing year. And if you choose just one good habit to start, choose budgeting. Download the EveryDollar budgeting app for free today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with Ken Coleman. And we're going to Wilmington, North Carolina and talking to Jeff. Hey Jeff, welcome to the show. Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? So I'm powering through the baby steps and I'm about halfway through baby step two. I'm paying off all my debts and I've gotten to my next smallest debt, which is my wife's student loans. They're, the balance is about $8,500. And with our debt snowball, we can kill this in about four months and I'm ready to do so. But there's a caveat that I can't find the answer to. So it went into default before we were married and we have now entered a loan rehabilitation program with the Department of Education.


And the deal is if we make nine months of consecutive payments, they'll remove the default status from the loans and transfer it back out to a normal servicer. So I'm left with two options, either A, I can bet snowball this and kill it in four months, but I'm stuck with that word default of my credit history, even though it's a paid in full account. Or I stretch it out, keep accruing that interest and go through the program to remove the word default from my credit history. And it just do it that way. And I really don't know which one's more, or I should say less harmful to me. Well, the only reason I'd be really concerned is if you are needing your credit score credit reports for a reason, right?


So the main reason someone would pull your credit score obviously, is to go into more debt. Also, your credit report, if you're looking for a new job, you know, maybe an employer pulls it. But if there's any situation that they pull your credit report And you have another human that you're talking to and being able to discuss and talk through why that is, why it is, and be able to explain it, then I would, I mean, I would get out. I don't want, I always hate playing the system game of trying to like, you know, figure our way through it because of this, that, or the, you know what I mean? I, I like the idea of paying it off, being done with it. And then in the next 12 to 18 months, if someone pulls your credit report for a reason, to be able to actually have a human conversation about why that word defaulted is on there.


And honestly, Jeff, when it comes to student loans and defaulting and all of that with COVID and everything that happened, like you're not gonna be the only one either. Like, I mean, it's not like it's this, you know, thing. Now it may drop, it may hurt your credit score. So if you guys are, you know, if, if you're gonna go borrow money, which I wouldn't suggest you do, then it could hurt that you know, the loan process. But I don't want you doing that anyways. Okay. You don't think it'll haunt me when I try to get a mortgage in a couple years? Not in a couple years. At that point, your credit score will basically be non-existent because if you stop borrowing money after this and you're done with debt completely, your credit score will continue to actually get worse because the way the credit score's calculated, you need new debt recurring to continue and paying on it to keep that credit score high.


So when you stop this process and anyone listening that is doing the debt snowball, always know this. Your credit score is gonna go down until it gets to undetermined. It basically gets to zero. And then when you do that and go and buy a home, they're gonna pull it and see that you don't have a credit score because you haven't borrowed money in over two years. And you can do what's called manual underwriting and get a mortgage that way. Okay. Thank you very much. Yep. Absolutely. Thanks for the call, Jeff. So that's, yeah, that, that's a big, that, that's a big reason I get so annoyed with the, with this whole industry is they like make you play these games. Right? And if you're like, I'm not playing your games and I'm gonna figure out a way to actually do the plan that I wanna do and I wanna get outta debt in four months and not wait 9, 10, 11 months to play this game, it's so frustrating.


'cause a lot of people, I mean it's a very legitimate question that Jeff asked and I think a lot of people get in those situations and they're like, you know, what do I do? But when you just kind of don't play their game, it's amazing that you can still survive And, and really a different form of consolidation. The best consolidation is the baby steps and the snowball really the debt snowball does. It's like you're consolidating your money towards that debt. That's where the greatest momentum is. It's not through one of these consolidation programs. It's like, alright, I'm gonna consolidate my own payments and really work that debt snowball. That is absolutely the number one psychological and financial way to pay off debt, period. Best way to do it, period. It just works.


Up next we have Stacy in Philadelphia. Hey Stacy, welcome to the show. Hi. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. So my question, so I have a bit of problems. Me and my husband, we recently purchased a house over the summer and we've gotten into a lot of pretty much debt, even more than we had before, just from purchasing the home with renovations. So we want to know what steps should we prioritize to manage and pay off our current debt given we have, you know, the renovation loan that we took out, our student loans and car payment and even with credit card debt.


Okay. Will you give me a list of the numbers of everything? So like how much in credit card debt, how much in car debt, everything. Okay, so the car we owe about 15,000. Okay. Student loans, it's about 130 for the both of Us. Okay. Yeah. And that's just our undergraduate loan. And then our renovation loans we took out about 70,000. Okay. And then with credit card debt in total with both my husband and I, it's about I would say 60,000. What were you using the credit cards for and Yeah, So we used the credit cards.


Just a little bit backstory when we took out the loans was to pay a contractor to do work in our home, but the contractor did not finish everything that he did not actually complete what he promised to do. So we ended up having to use our credit card to cover a lot of the other expenses. We had other contractors and even people to come in and fix some of the issues that he had left with the house along with just buying appliances and everything. Alright. What's your combined income? So I make about 75.


It would, it would be close with his two jobs, roughly about one 80,000. Okay. And you said that's for undergrad. When I asked you about student loans, do you guys have more student loans that's not undergrad or you're just saying We just have our undergrad degrees. Yeah, just our undergrad Degree. Okay. Okay. Perfect. Alright, so Stacy, I need to know your why. What's making you guys wanna clean all this up? 'cause Yeah, yeah. You kind of got a mess on your hands and what's, what kind of got you to this point of, oh gosh, we gotta start paying this off? Well, one, he ended up getting a part-time job and it's just been a lot where all of our money is just going towards build where we find that we don't have any other wiggle room to do anything else.


Yeah. And then we just, it's on March, we'll make us celebrate our two year anniversary since we've gotten married. So we're a pretty young couple and my husband would like to go back to school eventually and go into medical school and he has that dream since he was a a child. So essentially we would love to pay off our debt So we can start living our lives again. What's his degree In? And we feel like right now we're just drowning. What, What, what, what world is he in right now? You said he's got a full-time job and a part-time job? Yes. Okay. They're both in the health field. Okay. And is the part-time job just to help pay these bills? Yes. Oh, okay. I got you.


O Well you guys are gonna have to dig out of this. Yeah. So we got a plan. So I mean, Stacy, here's that. One of the reasons I ask you why is, 'cause you're gonna have to feel that really deeply in this process because you got, you guys have, you know, you, you are gonna have to have a lot of intentionality because there's a lot of debt here. And so what you're going to look at, and I'm just running the numbers, I'm like, if you guys made 180, and even if you went and got an extra job and made a thousand dollars more, right? You could get up to, to 1 92 like you could, you guys could be on the brink of, of $200,000 and come and completely scorched earth, earthing your lifestyle, not going on vacation, not going out to eat, doing zero more furniture, buying, no renovations, no trips with friends, no celebration on the two year, sell a car, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing.


And if you can do that, And you guys could live on, let's say 70,000 a year, you got one 20 to one 30 freed up, And you can sit there, pay off that car, you go down the list. So it's the car, it's the credit cards, it's the, and then next is the reno, and then the student loans. So you go smallest to largest. And if you have multiple credit cards and that, then I would split those up where you have each individual card within that debt snowball. Again, listing all of your debt, smallest to largest, pay minimum payments on everything, Stacy, and attack that small debt first. And working your way out of this, it's gonna take some time and intentionality, but you, you can do this.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death. And predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure So you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid Big Bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Hey Dave RAMSEY here. Dr. John Delony and I are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. You. The audience will vote to choose the topics we talk about things that impact your life, like investing in your future, money, stress, and marriage and more. We're coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth, and Phoenix in April and May, 2025 tickets are at their lowest price right now. Grab yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Coming up next we have Jana in Phoenix, Arizona. Hey Jana, welcome to the show. Hi there. Hello. Hello. How can we help? Hi. Well, I'm making this phone call a little earlier than I anticipated. My husband and I have worked really hard and paid off our home at, we'll, we'll have paid off our home this January. We have our last like $5,000 left on our home and we'll be paid at the end of the month. Oh my Gosh, Jana looking for to do our screen with you guys. That's amazing. I mean, paid off and never everything. Yeah, just 5,000 left.


However, I'm really actually, I wish I could be celebrating and I'm so upset right now. My husband just left our home at three o'clock this morning to drive across the country to buy a brand new truck. I guess this is his way of celebrating, like, we haven't even done it yet, but unfortunately we're gonna have have to take out a car loan for what this brand new truck that he is traveling across the country for. And I'm just so angry and also hurt. Yeah. This is not something I agreed on. Yeah. This is a total surprise. I just, I just feel I'm so mad and angry, upset. Yeah. And what a big, you know, what a big accomplishment we had and now we're just, I feel like we're just, that clean slate that we have is just being pounded on with another, with more debt.


Okay. So I Was he on board all this time? Like he's been with you? Oh yeah, We've been, we are the dream team. Yes. I don't know. What, When did you find out about this car purchase? Was this like yesterday? Oh, he's been staying it forever. Like forever. He wants this support, you know, defactor like Dave RAMSEY and Oh this. And so I always, I'm like, after our house has paid off, after our house is paid off, after our house is paid off and obviously when we can afford it. Right. I'm not taking out a loan and he just, Okay. So, so if I heard you, okay, so if I heard you right, he got up this morning at 3:00 AM today. Yeah.


And, and, and told you, Hey, I'm heading out. And you say, yeah, I mean this, please Don't, and he says, You don't even know he, he doesn't discuss this at all. He just literally says, matter of fact, I'm going across the country to get a raptor like Dave RAMSEY. I mean, we've had lots of talks on his truck and he knows I don't agree and he says I'll never agree. I don't handle well big purchases. Well I just paid off a $300,000 home. I can handle big purchases. I just can't handle down purchases. Oh. So, so, okay, you gotta give us a little bit more here. I'm sorry. I'm gonna dig a little bit Rachel. Okay. That's fine. Alright, so this conversation, he's been on board and paying off the house and the debt and the Oh yeah.


And the baby steps. But how long has the, I'm going to go into debt for a raptor. How long has that conversation been going on? And when was the last time it was had before 3:00 AM this morning. Right. So maybe for the past two months he is like, I'm just gonna do it. I don't care what it takes. And You say, I just, I no, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not on board with you. Not at all. I don't agree. Okay. So while today was the day th he'd been kind of tipping his hand that he was gonna go do this and I'm gonna go get a loan. How big is the loan? Well, I probably about, he's gonna trade in his truck.


We had another $30,000. And so I think it'll be around 30,000. And how much is left on the house again? Five. Five. Yeah. So I really, in the big scheme of things, we'll pay it off quickly. I'm just angry. How much, how much do you guys Well, yeah, I mean it's, listen, it's, it's, it's, yeah. And the anger and the hurt comes from not being hurt at all. And that your opinion doesn't matter that there's no pause in the person you're doing life with your partner, your spouse. Mm. That there's no back and forth. It's this like dominant i I one way And you know, I I'm not gonna listen to you. I'm gonna do what I wanna do.


Mm. Yeah. That is hurtful. And, and anything. Right. And this could be a husband calling us and his wife's like, I don't care. I'm gonna go do what I wanna do. Like, I mean, it doesn't, you know, it's not a, I mean, look, you know, a wife, husband thing, it's a, it's a spouse, right? Like you're, You're, I mean, Rachel and I commiserate with you. We're here to listen here to encourage you. But I can tell you right now, this is a, this is a marriage therapy session or two or three or six. I I No, I'm serious. That's How I feel today for sure. I just, the, Does it sound like hell, Janna, I'm curious the, I'm like, is this a, oh yeah, I can see him doing this. I I can't believe he's driving across country for this stubborn, Well not that, but I'm just saying not listening to you, not the actual idea of buying a truck, but this idea that he would go make a decision that you so adamantly do not want him to make and he still makes it.


Is this a pattern that Yeah. Does that happen in other parts of your marriage? No, Not at all. Not at all. We have a great marriage and great relationship. Yeah. Not at all. You know, and I think, I think this guy has been on board and he was like, okay, this all makes a lot of sense. But what also makes sense is after we do all this, we can handle the truck payment and I'm gonna go do it. He's been telegraphing this for months. Yeah. How much do you guys make a year? Yeah. I brought in I think 1 37 last year and he haven't finished up his yet, but it's between one 40 and 1 45. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think this is a crisis based on what I'm hearing, but I do think this is a no, this is a marital No, listen, I I I'm trying to validate your feelings, everything you're feeling.


I completely understand and I, I completely understand, you know, why you're feeling that. I think you should feel that. But I don't think that there's only so much, and, and, and I'm saying this philosophically, you know, there's only so much Rachel I can do today other than say, man, we feel you. I don't think that's right. I don't think it's a good marriage move. Should have talked it through, should have come up with an alternative plan. He knows how much this means to you. But then I will also say the reason that why I believe you guys need to sit with a marriage therapist is because I can also see, I don't agree with his action at all, but I think I'm seeing a window into this, this dude, and I think he thinks it's justified.


And ID here's what I would say, not knowing him at all. And if I met him for the first time, I said, Hey, Jana just called me on the show and she told me what happened. Hey, listen bro, I don't think you think that's as big a deal as it is. It's a big deal. I think He, he's men, he's minimized it. I Think so. I think he's, because he's justified And 'cause he makes almost 300,000 a Year. He's crunched numbers. We're paid off the house, we have no debt, We'll pay it off in two months or whatever. Like yeah. In his mind, and I'm not defending him. No, no. But I am trying to make, maybe Jana you feel a little bit better. I think this is a situation where he's completely unaware of how he is truly making you feel.


I, yeah. I think he's clueless and I'm not insulting him. I'm saying we are all that way in relationships at times where we are in a place where we're not healthy enough or we're not attached enough that we don't realize what we're doing. Yeah. In the truck conversations that you guys have been having in the last few months, Deanna, have you said, I would love for you to get this truck. Let's map it out. And in May let's take a road trip and go pick up this truck together. I'm so excited for this truck for you. Like, have you, did you have any excitement and celebratory towards this truck for him at any level? No. Rachel. I did not. Okay. No, that's fair. I, I appreciate, I appreciate your honesty. I appreciate your honesty.


I have a hard time with it. Yeah. So I think that's the, I think that's gonna be the relational rub that you guys are feeling is he doesn't feel, yeah. I I'm assuming we're all guessing here that it's, that that you, that you are so gung-ho on this. You don't wanna spend any money. You're fear-based, you're scarcity minded. Life is fine. We make $300,000 a year in the grand scheme of things. Yes. In six months, none of this is gonna matter. Jana, have some fun. Yeah. I can't, I'm gonna, now I'm gonna have to go make my own fun and enjoy this. And, and, and again, not the right move. Not the right move. Right. But Right. That's his mindset. So you guys, great insight. So you guys have to come together and that's where Janna, I would really push you and him.


I hope he, I hope he listens to this call. That That, That you have to embrace the differences of your spouse and that your spouse's differences is not the enemy. And in fact, they can make you a healthier, whole rounded person because he's gonna bring things to the table, Janna, that may make you uncomfortable, not debt, but the fun and the spending. And he's gonna bring that. And you need to embrace life and he's gonna help you do that. And then also, he doesn't need to be a freaking, I won't say it, and just like, so I gotta tell, so face my middle finger your wife, and go in the middle of the night and go get a truck. That was not okay. I do Not freak that. I, I gotta add this. Our our friend, mutual friend Ian Kron, we were together yesterday.


He said, when we are upset at somebody over their behavior that we're really irritated, he goes, it reveals in us something where we can grow. And I'm adding that onto what your advice and your insight. I thought that was really good. We're gonna leave it There. Pay this Truck off. Thanks Jana. Pay the truck off. You'll be okay. I'm sorry though. Get get get a therapist in there. It'll be good.


All right, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. RAMSEY trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a RAMSEY trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. When it comes to your money, Ken, one of the largest purchases that majority of people make is their home. Yes. And when it comes to buying and selling your home, it can be very overwhelming, right? The whole housing market, the industry, when it comes to real estate, it can be really hard to tackle, especially alone. And so that's why we created Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base. It's a place with all the tools and resources that you need to be prepared when you buy and sell your home, and to Give you the confidence that you're doing it the right way. So there you're gonna find calculators, a start to finish guide, multiple of them to help you how two articles, a podcast, a book, and even a video course, all packed with actionable steps to help you navigate this process of buying and selling your home. So if you're ready to take the next step towards your home goals with peace of mind, to make sure to go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate, or click the link in the description if you are listening on YouTube or podcast.


All right. Up next, we're going to Diego in Sacramento. Hey Diego, welcome to the show. Hi. Thank you. Absolutely have My wife and I just, oh yeah, sorry. Yeah, my wife and I just had a baby and we've been having a discussion about opening a college account for him at 5 29. And my wife's on the side of saving as much as we can, enough to pay for his whole college tuition. And I'm more on the side of maybe not doing that just because, you know, for, for me, when I went to school, I didn't have that. And I think it built a lot of character in myself. You know, my parents, they provided a place for me to sleep. You know, they, they didn't charge me any rent And, you know, they provided food for me every day.


So I, I felt, I felt like I was really blessed that in, in what they gave me, you know, what they could. And I felt like it, you know, it builds some character. I mean, I worked through school and, and it, you know, showed me like, you know, the value of, of money and, and how, you know, you know, what I'm paying for for school. It, you know, it, it, you know, it just showed me the value in it. So I just wanted to get your guys' opinion on whether maybe there's like a middle point between my wife and I, or, or maybe she just avoid it altogether, or, or yeah. Saving all of it that we can. And maybe that's a good thing. Well, I think it, this comes down to Rachel, how big of a stressor this is for you guys. When you talk about it, are you both pretty adamant and it gets kind of tense and there's a lot of separation?


Or are you guys a couple more conversations from going, okay, I see it your way. I mean, what's the real tension level now on this? Oh, super low. I mean, we're, we're very, very good about, you know, communicating. We've never had a problem with that. So when you told her your point of view, does she agree with you and go, Hmm, that's interesting. Or does she go, eh, it's too old school and I want help? No. Yeah, she says Yeah, pretty much what you're saying. Yeah. Like, she, she would prefer, you know, us having more, you know, having a better, better means than our parents did. She's saying like, we should know we should afford something Our kids that we didn't have. So lemme tell you, Diego, your, the way you're going about this and your, your heart and your thought process, I really love because I do think that our kids have to have grit.


Our kids have to have a level of struggle. Our kids have to be able to know how to appreciate things, not be entitled, know how to work hard, right? Like, all of these elements of who they're gonna be at, the character part of them we all want as parents, right? Or at least I hope parents want that for their kids. And that's what you're wanting, right? And so what you're thinking is you're gonna do it through the means of paying for their own college. So where I would challenge you is, are there other places that they can learn those same character qualities and, and and also be able to have their college paid for. Because Diego, my parents paid for my college. And I'll tell you, there was stipulations around it.


And So we had to go to an in-state school, we had to graduate in four years. And that was kind of the main barriers. So I remember thinking, you know, I wanted to go to Auburn University, and I remember dad being like, all right, well calculate the tuition and the difference between a school in Tennessee, a public university in Tennessee, minus the tuition of a school in Alabama. You pay the difference. Yeah. And I looked and I was like, oh no thanks, go vols, I'll go and stay. Yeah. And then it was, alright, well now I have to take 15 hours every semester. Well some of my friends were taking nine, So, you know, 'cause people will graduate a semester late or a year later and they kind of just like worked their way through. I had to be on a sc you know what I mean?


Like, I, I had to have that schedule. So I think it's a misnomer to generalize if your school is paid for, you're not gonna have hard work and grit. Agree. I don't think that's true. Agree. I think it's a way that you feel that Winston, my husband, you know, he had to work his way through, not the tuition part, but everything else he had to figure, he had to have a job to pay rent and pay for food and all of that, right? So, but, but I, so I think that there are ways to accomplish what you want for your kids and it may look different. And I'll Give you one more example then I'll be quiet like Ken jump in. But like for us right now, Diego, we have a nine, seven, and 5-year-old. And Winston sold his lawn mower about three years ago and we have a lawn company mow our lawn.


And he really, really struggled with our kids not growing up watching him mow the lawn. 'cause he had a lawn care business in college. And he was like, I want my kids to see physical, I want, you know, he was so hard on appreciate on himself on that. But then as we talked, he was like, but right now my time is better spent with them on Saturdays than going and doing that. What are ways now that we almost have to manufacture a life where they don't get what they want, they're gonna have to work and do things to get what they want. So does that make sense? I just don't wanna over generalize that. If your college is paid for, you're gonna be some spoiled entitled brat. Because lemme tell you, there probably are some Yeah. Spoiled entitled brats. Yeah. Whose college is paid for and isn't paid for, but it's more of the character of who they are and yeah.


And maybe it's revealed to that. Man, I'm glad you really segued nicely for me. You didn't even know. I'm gonna throw a different angle at you, Diego, because on one hand I love the fact that you're going, I don't, I don't owe my kids a college education and I don't think you do. Yeah, but I'm not gonna qualify this. I'm just gonna say this. And this comes from experience, Diego. Just because you worked your way through college And you took all the benefits that you obviously did, doesn't mean that your child or children are gonna do the same as you. They aren't you, number one, they really aren't. They aren't you. They, they, they will have some of your DNA but they are not you.


And they will have different experiences, they will have different environments growing up. And I think one of the challenges that we face, and I'm just being really vulnerable here, that, that I've had to learn as a father of three is that the things that I did, the things that I learned, the way that I handled life is so unique to me. And I know I'm saying something that's completely obvious, but I think we forget this. And I, I would just say that in this case, if you played this out the way that you desire, let's say your wife just went, I love that Diego, let's do that. There's a really high, high probability that one or both or all of your kids, however many you have, won't deal with it the way that you dealt with it.


And they may go dad's out of his mind, the old coot, he's a goofball and I'm gonna go get a student loan and because I can, and they get it done so effortlessly. And the very thing that you idealized and kind of thought, this is how I see it going, it would even break your heart. And so to that end, I would say if you can fund it, you should as an option in the 5 29 as we teach, I'll give it back to my partner here. It's very, it's flexible as to how you can use those funds for lots of qualifications. 'cause the world, here's the other thing, The world's changing. The World is changing, changing so quickly. Right now I know what will higher ed look like when these babies are to that age?


You and I have zero clue what it's gonna look like. So I hope that perspective helps you. I don't think it's as easy as you just going, this is how I want it to be because that's how it was for me. And I get that. If anybody gets that, believe me, I actually talk like that sometimes. Is that, well I'm trying to be transparent And I think that's true. And I think, and again I wanna reiterate Diego, the sentiment of what you're longing for your kids to have is so good. Like that is so good. Absolutely. 'cause we want our kids, and you're right. Do other ways, ways to do it. Able to do. But I think that there is, I'm like, there's yeah, there's different other and, and and there's so much between and like, have 'em pay for their car when they're 60, right?


I mean, like there's things you can implement, have, try an instrument along the way, but a sport, a hobby. Yeah. Let 'em fail. And they're going to, and the world's hard enough in general, right? I'm like, they're, they're, they're going to bump up against it. But I think you can create an environment with your, within your home between now and 18 that creates, you know, I I, I knock on wood, I believe this and I hope it's true, you know, not perfect kids, but kids that you are able to shape under your household And you as a parent get to put some of those guardrails in place. And if you give 'em everything they want, are they gonna be more spoiled? Sure. If they gotta work and figure out and problem solve. And that's gonna be good for them too. So I think there's ways you can do it, but thanks for the call Diego.


Thanks for all the guys in the booth. Thank you Ken Coleman. Thank you America. We'll be back.