
This is The Ramsey Show America. It's where we help you win with your money, winning your profession, and win with your relationships alongside the fabulous Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Phone number to jump in. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. You ready to roll? Well, let's rumble, let's go. Eli is joining us in Dallas, Texas. Eli, How can we help? How are you doing guys? Thank you for taking my call man. I'm not even quite sure where to begin, but I seem to have a ginormous problem handling my finances. I am 27 years old with a wife and two kids and I have one on the way in July and I'm just kind of like up to my throat in stress on trying to figure out what I gotta do to stay the course in trying to be debt free.


I've been a part of the show for about six months now. I even bought Dave Ramsey's the Total Money Makeover and everything was going well. I had baby steps one working into two. I had everything listed from smallest to largest, paying the smallest stuff off. And then right around the holidays I kind of just fell off a cliff, started buying things I didn't need. And just recently I got into a $2,100 purchase of headphones. What? And what do You mean you got into it? I, it did not take very much convincing to be truthfully honest. Okay. I love, I love music and stuff like that, so it didn't take much convincing for me to buy them.


Okay. I was leading emotionally rather than thinking rationally. And that's when I kind of realized I've got a problem and I just, I cannot, I just, I can't get out of it. Okay. So let me ask a quick question, Eli, on this. 'cause I love how vulnerable you're being and, and I think you've nailed it. I think you've diagnosed what's going on, that you can't do this on your own. And so we're gonna walk with you on this call, but before we dive in deeper, I'm just curious if you'd be willing to share from your gut, what do you think is the emotion that's driving all these impulse purchases for you? What do you think it is? How would you describe it?


I believe desire would probably the best thing I can come up with. Just the sheer desire of wanting to get, you know, anything that I've always wanted. Stuff that I didn't get when I was growing up. Stop, stop There. There it is. So now we're gonna go deeper for a second. Okay. You said desire, but it's actually something else. What do you think it is based on the fact that you didn't have it when you were a kid and now you want it? What is the deeper emotion? It's deeper than desire. What's driving the desire to get stuff? What do you think? I don't know. To be Yeah, you Do quite, you just took us there. Go back to your childhood. What was your childhood like?


Childhood wasn't, well, came from a, a family of divorced parents, thrusted very quickly into a different setting with my stepfather. And just money was always tight growing up. Just not having enough money. Didn't Have much did you? No, no, no. Very strict bringing and nothing wrong with that. Of course. It wasn't until I went to Austin for culinary arts for college that I realized that I was free and I can make any and all decisions. And I've kind of been carrying that philosophy for the better part of the last 10 years. But can I tell you something, Eli? You're, you're free philosophically, you're not free emotionally, you're still that little boy who was afraid he was never gonna get anything nice like all of his other friends.


And so now you're an adult and you're afraid if you don't buy these things that you are that little boy who didn't have anything. And I'm telling you, there's something there. Now I, again, I don't wanna make the whole call about this, Jade, but I, I just felt like when somebody presents as I, I can't do anything about this. I think that's right. By the way, if you have ever had a friend who's an alcoholic or if you, you know, you go through the 12 steps or you're familiar with the 12 steps, the key to transformation is to get to a point where you say, I can't do this on my own. I need help. And he presented that way and I think that's great. But I also wanted him to see when there's an impulse, the impulse is just the reaction.


And you gotta That's good. Yeah. Dig deep and go. What is the underlying issue that is making it so easy for him to be talked into 2100 headphones when he is broke? Absolutely. And that's real. Right? And Eli, I'm not saying that to put shame on you. I'm actually hoping to help you see something. 'cause I think you can recover from this, but not until you deal with the emotion that is driving the impulse. I agree with Ken. I agree with Ken 100%. Matter of fact, if I were you, I'd probably jump into some counseling and, and get to the bottom of that just because Ken is so right. What we've experienced in our past 100% informs how we view money, how we spend our money, what we think we're entitled to with our money, what makes us feel uncomfortable with our money.


All of that is driven by what our relationships have been with money. Whether it's from childhood with our ex-wife, our ex spouse, whatever it was. Right? That all plays into it. The the cute answer that I would give you for this moment because I'm, you know, I wish I were more of a therapist in that area, but I'm not. But the cute answer is, you've gotta get to the point where you're sacrificing, you're not sacrificing what you want most for what you want right now. 'cause what what you want right now is the headphones. What I want right now is New Jordans what I want, right? There's this thing that we were like, I want this now. But what you want most is what you started out on this journey, which is to find financial peace for your family, right?


Correct. And so it's in those moments that you've gotta kind of tie back to, okay, what it, what, why did I start this journey? What is it that I'm truly trying to accomplish? And if I can just keep on the straight and narrow, there will become a time where you can buy the, the headphones or you can buy some of the things that you wanna do. So that's the cute answer. The truth is, you're really struggling to do that right now in this moment. Yeah, but I thought you setting him up beautifully. Eli Jade just nailed this. I mean, you have to replace the $2,100 headphones with what do you want your life to look like 20 years from now? That's she's spot on. What do you want for your kids? And so all of a sudden you start to go, Ooh, I want that and I really want that.


You know, it's the trade off. So. Right. How much debt do you have? Me personally, I have about $24,000 in total debt. About 25 hundreds in credit cards. 7,000 is in purchase finances, four to five thousands in student loan. And then the rest is personal loans. Okay. So what, what, where did the $2,100 headphones go? Do they go on a credit card? They went through Affirm. Affirm. Oh yes. That's buy now, pay later. It's one of those buy now pay later. Yes, correct. Like CARNA and stuff like That.


Can you sell those? Probably more than likely. So definitely. That ain't my world. I mean, you can sell anything less Than you sell Anything I should have said, can you sell those and get a good chunk for, or do they devalue quickly? Ah, you could pro if they're in good shape, I'm sure you could sell 'em. You can sell 'em on marketplace or put 'em, put 'em somewhere. I'd start there. Yeah, I'd get rid, Let's start selling all the stuff you've bought that you can still sell. Okay, I gotcha. I do believe I'd go back. I do believe I have a 30 day warranty of some sort where I can exchange them or return them for a refund. But I'd have to double check on that just to make sure that it's accurate. And let me hit you with something else. Eli, I've heard Dr. John Delony say this and it's so true.


Your stuff talks to you, your stuff. It does. It talks to you. And I bet you when you walk by it, because you've said what it is that you truly want, let your stuff talk to you and it talk you out of doing this again. 'cause I bet when you walk by those headphones, they're like you said, you were gonna make things right with your family. Right? When you walk by those purchases, they're telling you everything that you said you were gonna do. So by you getting rid of them, selling them off and it let it be a reminder of what you said you wanted to do and start surrounding yourself with things that are telling you the right thing. Good stuff. Thanks for the call Eli. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work if you become a victim. It's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


The Ramsey Show continues. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is with me. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Syracuse, New York is where we go next. Kelly is there. Kelly, How can we help? Hi, thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's going on? My question today is I'm trying to figure out what to do with my credit card debt. I have no other debt other than credit card debt. I fell on hard times with work last year and I've been having a tough time actually landing a job since then. Still working at it, but it's, it's getting harder in the field that I'm in.


And I have some business credit cards and some personal credit cards. My business credit cards have been charged off as of last month. My personal credit cards have been current. I've been able to maintain those with the little bit of savings that I've had left with the hopes that I was getting going to get a job soon. But it hasn't happened yet. So I'm wondering what to do with my personal credit as I'm, it's getting harder to pay those balances than the minimum payment. How? How much is it? How much is the personal credit card debt? The personal credit card debt is 36,000.


Okay. And the business credit cards are 23,000. What kind of business was it? It's a IT consulting business. Okay. And are you still doing that or you've moved on? I'm still doing it because that's what I've just been doing for many years and just really trying to find something where I can make the money that I was making before. Okay. I got laid off. So how long were you laid off? Because I mean, this is almost $60,000 a credit card debt that's nothing to sneeze at. Like when you say fell on hard times, I wanna understand more about that and how long that period lasted so that I can understand more about your habits and your mindset around money and debt.


And Also tell us how much you were making. Okay. Well, my credit card debt racked up really over just maintaining regular monthly bills, which aren't really high. They, they're roughly about a thousand dollars per month. Yeah, But how, answer Jade's question, How long? 'cause that means if it was only a thousand dollars, that means we spent 36 months. Yeah, it not doing it. It's been almost a year. Almost a year. Okay. So what, okay, so what, how much Were real quick, how much were you making beforehand? Beforehand? I was making about 10,000 a month. But You make it about 120 Go Go ahead.


Go on. I was gonna say it's not 120,000 because I'm a consultant, so it's not consistent throughout the year. Okay. How many months of the year do you make? I mean, if you say to me, Hey, I make $120,000 a year. Yeah, it can fluctuate, but you still made $120,000 in the year. Well, it can go from anywhere from you can be unemployed with what I do anywhere from three to six months. If you get a year, then that's nice. Right? Anywhere from three to six Months. Right. I hear what you're saying, but it's still $120,000. So what that tells me is on the windfall months, the months that you just had made bank, instead of saying, okay, I've gotta be smart and put this aside and this is what I'm living off of for the next couple months, that tells me that that money went somewhere.


Where did it go? Because you also told me that it only takes a thousand dollars to make your household run, which I do have questions about that, but do you see, I'm not trying to take you to task, but there's holes in the story and I need to understand it so that I can help you best because what's coming off, what the way it's coming off is that you're not working much. That's what the way it's coming off. Yeah. And I wanna find out why that is, because even if it's not in it, there's plenty of opportunities and King can get into that that we could do throughout the year. And so I really wanna highlight that behavior for you so that you never do that again. Does that make sense? It's not for me to like make you feel bad, I just want you to know, hey, there's a moment.


It's like you gotta know when to hold 'em and when to fold 'em. Like there's a moment that you get to a threshold that you go, I can't keep doing this, I gotta go work, I gotta get out here and make any kind of money. Right. And something happened that you didn't make that transition fair enough. Well, I I did try. It's, and then that was another part of it is that it may sound like I'm not trying, I tried to go to restaurants to see if someone would hire me for waitressing hosting different things. And Why didn't they don't, what do you think the reason was? I, I, I mean, I don't wanna really, I mean, I don't know what the reason is, honestly, I don't know. I know why I can't get a job in my field, but the reason that I can't get a regular job doing something outside of what I do, I don't know.


I mean, I would think anyone can get hired at a restaurant, but apparently not. I mean, but was it just the restaurant or did you go to Walgreens and Target and everywhere? Did you do DoorDash? Did you do Uber? Did you do Instacart? And they, they all said no, No, I didn't, I didn't do anything that was not gonna be able to pay my bills. Not really, no. Right. But you, I mean, but ho hold because here's my point. You nothing was paying your bills. So isn't something better than nothing? That's the point I'm trying to get to. Well, I did, I did have unemployment. That's how I was able to pay my rent. My rent was 2,500 a month. So I was paying, I was able to Pay my, no, that's not true because you went into, you had unemployment, but it didn't co it didn't cover the cost.


You still had cost because you went into credit card debt. So that's why I'm saying, wouldn't it help to have done some of these other things as well, so that you would not have at least had to go into credit card debt. So I'm just trying to play this back because if you can't look back on this and see here's where I went, here's where, where it all went bad. If you can't see that, it will be impossible to fix this. That's Right. So Kelly, I'm, I'm not piling on, but I'm gonna jump in here. How many times did you apply for a waitressing position? Can you repeat that? How many times I applied for A waitressing position at a restaurant? I know you didn't get the one. How many different restaurants did you apply to? I went To like five different restaurants.


I went to another, I went to a bar. I went to lounges to try to apply for work. Right? So here's the deal. I mean, Maybe There's a so, so here, here's what's going. I was like, what was that? Apparently DJing? I don't know. I opened my computer to type something In. Here's the deal. There could be a myriad of reasons as to why they hired someone else for those roles. But I think what happened was is that you were like, well, not there. This is just a bunch of nos and I can't get hired, so I'm gonna go try to do my own thing on my own. And you realize how hard that is and it's put you in a deep hole. I think what we're trying to tell you is, is that you can't take no for an answer. In other words, it's the restaurant.


Multiple restaurants, a bar. They said, no, fine, you pivot, you go to big box stores where they are hiring, you keep going. You don't accept, well, I didn't get it here. I didn't get it here, so I'm not gonna get it anywhere else. There are jobs that you can get that do way better than unemployment, but you have to keep showing up. And you can't just go in and apply. You gotta talk to everybody that you know on social media, in person. You find a job doing whatever it takes to get you on a bridge so that you didn't have to rely on these credit cards. Now you've gotta go get work just to dig out of this, and I mean like two or three jobs to dig out of this because Jade, as you said, this, $60,000 is no joke.


It's a lot of credit card debt. And, and let's talk about that a minute because there's another part of this, Kelly, that when you've, you've been making $10,000 a month, right? Are you single? You're single, right? She's, yeah. Okay. As a single woman, you've been that, that's significant. Like, that's, that's a lot of money. So to go from that, it almost feels like, well, if I'm not making, it's like an all or nothing thing, right? Yeah. You feel like if I'm not making that, then what's the point? And I think what Ken and I are getting at is that's, I get emotionally that's a very real feeling. But we've gotta go beyond that and say anything that's anything at this point until, Until the technology market opens up a little bit. And then what are, what are some adjacent jobs that you're qualified for?


Maybe it's different than what you've been doing. My point is, you have to treat this like it's life or death because it is life or death for you financially right now. That's where you called us. You were in bad shape, but it's very fixable. If you can begin to get some money coming in the door, you change your budget. I mean, EveryDollar, I don't know what you wanna give her here. Yeah, she needs some help. She needs some resources. Are you? Yeah. Before, before you leave, we'll make sure you're set up with EveryDollar, the premium version because it's gonna help you build that habit of budgeting, checking in with your money every single day and tracking your transactions. So we'll make sure you have that. I'm also gonna give you the total money makeover because I think being able to read that and read other people's stories, you'll be able to see yourself in those stories.


And you'll be able to pinpoint, like I said, what went wrong here. You'll be able to accept that so you don't end up in this situation again, which is so important. Yeah. Get after it. Kelly, everything you got, you don't take no for an answer, a no is just not here. And just keep on moving forward. Alright, quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey


Show. You shouldn't own a gun. You're not willing to shoot in moments of self-defense, a burna launcher lets you protect yourself in a non-lethal way. That's exactly why Burna launchers were created. Everyone from parents and nurses to pastors and even special forces veterans rely on Burna to protect themselves and their families. I own several burners myself. They look like guns, but they're not. They shoot a 68 caliber round kinetic or chemical irritant projectile that can disable a threat from up to 60 feet away. And they're powered by compressed CO2 cartridges. So they're classified with paintball and airsoft guns, but they're more powerful than those for increased protection. Not to mention, burner launchers are legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped directly to your door. Plus RAMSEY fans can get 10% off an exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo, and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays, and Body Armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to Byrna dot com slash dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave,


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Glad you're with us. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Hey, the best way to make the most of your money is by creating and then sticking to a monthly budget. That's why we created EveryDollar. We believe it is the best budgeting tool on the planet. Help you plan spending track expenses, save for what matters most to you. And it's easy. You can download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play, or click the link in our show notes if you're listening on YouTube or your favorite podcast platform. Now, our last call, Jade and I were talking during the break, wanna revisit this quickly because Jade got fired up.


And, and, and, you know, listen, bottom line is, and, and love Kelly wanna help Kelly, but it is, it is a difficult thing to lose one's job. Yes. Or to see an interruption. It, it just is psychologically we gotta call that out. It's difficult and so it can really throw us off. But there has got to be an awareness of that so that you develop a mindset that if you're in debt or you have been living paycheck to paycheck Yes. Or both, which is usually the case. You can't allow that to keep you from continuing to bring in income. Yes. And it's almost like we had a whiteboard. If we had a whiteboard in the studio, I would've wielded in here. Oh man. I would've given you a fresh marker.


I would've gone. Steve, corny on you in two seconds. Come on. So you, I'm looking at your notes here. You jotted down five things that you think people need to do. Yeah. Or why they need to get back to do any work. Set this up for us. I I Would call it five reasons to take any job before you get the job. I love that. Five reasons. Right? Here we go. Let me, let me caveat this real quick. Do it up, set it up. This is not just Jade sitting here yapping. Right. So during Covid COVID 2020, the pandemic, everything shut down. And for Sam and I, my husband, that was big for us because before I came to work here, I was in entertainment. Our whole business is in entertainment and cruise lines. That's right. And all that was shut down.


Your whole world shut down whole world. And you wanna talk about going from a, a great income to zero. Okay. So this is coming from my personal experience. I had to take a job that I hated temporarily. It was a call center job. So I get it. Okay. I'm, I'm talking outta personal experience. Five reasons to take any job before you take the job. Number one, Ken, some money is better than any money. I Would agree with this. Right? That's A great point. It's better to, if you're, if you are the person who's like, well, I gotta depend on credit cards. Well, if you bring in some money, I guess you won't have to use your credit cards as much. Right? So some money's better than any money. Number two, Ken. Ken, your spouse needs to see who you are. Come on.


Who you are. Who are you gonna be in a hard time? Ooh. When, when the rubber meet meets the road, are you gonna take any job and are you gonna be the person who steps up? That's my husband stepped up. I stepped up. And we needed to see that from each other. That's right. Because it was a hard time. Really good point. All Right. Your, your spouse Because you know what happens? You, you don't feel very psychologically safe when you lose a job. Listen. So you need some emotional safety is what you're talking about here. Yeah. I like that. And if you see your spouse sitting around while you're trying to make things happen That's right. Or, you know, vice versa, that's not gonna be good for the marriage. Yeah. So your spouse and you need to see who you are. All Right. Number three is, well, you'll learn what you like and what you don't like. 'cause I can tell you right now, I don't like a call center job.


What, by the way, what was it? What was it? I mean, What, I don't know if I can say it on here, but No, you Don't have to say the brand. Okay. But what kind of calls were you Taking? I was taking people who needed help with their taxes. Oh, Okay. Gotcha. So, oh really? Tax advice. Yeah. And did you Have like a little cheat sheet of the basics you could help with and then you handed 'em off to somebody else? No, it was the tax software. So Okay. If they had trouble with the tax software, but you have to understand the taxes to be able to do that. So I learned a lot. Wow. So I learned That's what I'm saying. You'll learn what you like, what you don't Like. How so, okay. On a scale of one to 10, how soul sucking was it? I chose for it not to be soul sucking because like I said, it was 2020. There was enough that was sucking out our souls. All Right.


Lemme Re So my point is, it was No, but that's you. 'cause you're mentally tough. Yeah. I'm saying how rough was It? It was hard because there you, to go from making, there you go, you know, over 200 and some odd thousand dollars a year. Year. Well You're seeing a Whitney Houston covers Yeah. In a fabulous, probably a nice suite with your hubs traveling all around the world. Yeah. To, to, yeah. And now all of a sudden you're on a, you're, that's not fun. That's Point I wanted make. And I'm going, yeah. I'm saying hello. You Sucked it up big time. Sucked It up. You gotta suck it up. You gotta do what you gotta do for your family. Okay. Come on. So that was number three. You'll learn what you like, what you don't like. Number four, you'll just be a productive person. Okay. Because sometimes, Ken, you just gotta get outta bed. Do it. You gotta take off your sweatpants, hit the pavement.


Come on. Knock on some doors. Yeah. Make some phone calls. Like you gotta be productive. Make something happen. Make Something happen. I love it. Otherwise, you're just gonna be getting depressed. I love it about the fact that you don't have a job. All Right. Which leads number five. Which leads me to number five. It'll build your confidence there. It's, you go going to a job. I don't care if you're a greeter at Walmart, getting up and taking pride in what you're doing and being the best at whatever it is that you do. Colossians 3 23, whatever it is that you're doing, work at it as though you're working, you know, for the Lord. Not as unto man. What? Right. I didn't quote it Right. But you know what I'm saying. That works when you do that. That was a message version. I liked it. Yeah. Yeah. It was a message. It was good. It was really good. But that's my point. Like, who wants to show up? When you finally do get the interview, it's been five months and you've not been to a job, you're gonna bomb that interview because you haven't been good building that confidence at any job You need to get that typed up, printed out.


And dare I say, oh, I just lost laminated it. Thank you. You know where I was going? That needs to be a little, you just pull that chart out. Jake's just ready to go. Five to be alive or something. That's really good actually. Really good. All Right, let's get back to the phones. But by the way, if you're real quick, I hope you listen to what she said because that is a fabulous pep talk for somebody who's in between jobs right now. I'm telling you that right there is a mindset plan that she just gave you. Mm. And you gotta keep your mind right. I know that's right. Kim Cole. 'cause you're not gonna get outta debt if your mind is destroyed. And it is very, very hard when you've lost steady work.


That's right. We acknowledge that. Alright to Kristen, we go in Lexington, Kentucky. Kristen, How can we help today? Hi, how are you all? We're doing great. What's going on? Jade needs to make that a magnet for sure. She's bringing out her inner day. Thank You Kristen. I love on Etsy. I love what we're doing here. I I need a refrigerator magnet. Jade. I'll be the first person to buy it. Maybe that's my New business. You know what? So she, so people can see that as soon as they open up the fridge, because you know, they go to the fridge like 5,000 pounds a day. Amen. And way that I grew up in a magnet household. My mom had 'em and my grandmother had 'em next door. And so I, you just took me back, Kristen, to some serious nostalgia.


How can we help you today? Well I am, thank you all for taking my call. I'm 39. My husband is 42. Our household income is a year. We've been married from almost 13 years. We, our net worth is around 1.1. Hey. But that, yeah, that does include our house. And my husband said that that's really not included. He doesn't include our House. Well, we would beg to differ. We would beg to differ. What, what, what kind of, yeah. What if we included the house, what would it be? No, that is with the house. Oh, good. He says that we're not over that because he wants to see Cash money in the bank.


That I appreciate that. But if you sold that house today, you're there. So Exactly. We Will include it. We just won't tell him. Okay. Just between Us. Yes. Okay. Okay. We do have a $5,000 emergency fund. I have all of our life insurance through Xandr. Like you all taught me. We are avid day fans. We've been trying to live by Girl's Rule ever since we got married. Wow. And he, he lived by that rule ever since he was like 14. He just said, I didn't listen until I started listening to Dave. So, love it. But I have a, I have a couple questions we have. Okay. We got, we got about a minute and a half. So you gotta get to 'em real fast.


Okay. I max out our, our Roth I a, our 401k and we contribute about one to 2000 to mutual fund and then the 7,000 max for each of us, for our Roth. I don't, I don't feel, where do we go from here? I feel like, 'cause we're maxing everything out, you know? Yeah. What do we do from here? I, I'm, I'm honestly, I'm getting ready to turn 40. I'm, I'm a little lost. Yeah. To be honest with you. And I'm thankful that we don't have any bills. But also too, our mutual friends funds are only going like six to 8%. Okay. Alright. I That Jay jump In. Here's good. Go ahead Jay. Hey, you're doing a great job. Maxing those out.


Your funds should be doing much better than that, especially the past couple years. You should be in the twenties, honey. So I would suggest you get with one of our smart investor pros, they're gonna get you on the right track and teach you more about the right funds to make you a little bit more money. But yeah, you're doing the right thing. You could go to a taxable brokerage account, but it sounds like maybe you might want to try something like investing. Maybe it's now time to save up and invest in a piece of real estate that might be interesting for you. It sounds like you're getting a little bored with just setting it aside into mutual funds and that sort of thing. So real estate could be the next play for you guys. Yeah. Not Bad at all. Again, go to the Smart Ster Pro section on the website, Ramsey Solutions dot com. Make a couple meetings and decide from there. This is The Ramsey Show.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death. And predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure so you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid big Bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside, phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jay's gonna coach you up on how to handle your money. I'm gonna coach you up on how to make more money. So let's go. We're gonna start off this segment with a question from our Ramsey Network app. This question is from Brody. He writes, I'm 27 years old and I bought a house about five years ago. I've put a lot of labor into fixing the house and it is worth a lot more than I had originally purchased it for. I just met with my financial advisor and he suggested the idea of taking out $150,000 HELOC on that equity and investing it into a mutual fund to earn more money from my house.


Is that the right move or the wrong move for me? And I'm betting Jay that the financial advisor is selling him that product. Oh, 100%. Yeah. He's he's selling you Financial advisors got himself a commission in his head. Yeah. The answer is no, I would never do that. 'cause essentially what you're doing, you're, you're leveraging your home, which is supposed to be a place of peace and security for an investment. And it's like, why would you do that? And, and an investment by the way, there's no guarantee he didn't say what type of investment it would be like him investing in the market. Which is also something that I'm like, oh, he did say mutual fund Fund. He said Mutual mutual fund. So essentially it's like the financial advisor's going, Hey, let's put a big lump sum in your mutual fund.


He can get a commission, Big commission. And then he could say, well you're fast forwarding this. Yeah, no, I would never do that. I would just take my own income and invest it in mutual funds. Yeah. And that way I'm not creating any additional risk in my life. I'm holding onto the wealth that I have, which is the equity in your home. And I'm continuing to build wealth by investing 15% of my gross income every single month. There you go. Alright. To the phones we go. Jeremiah is joining us now in San Antonio, Texas. Jeremiah, How can we help? Hi, I'm $33,000 in debt and I've saved up about 3000 and I just don't know where to go from here. What is the debt?


It's from a auto loan. Okay. What's the car? Tell us about it. It's a, it's a 2022 Dodge Ram 1500. Oh yeah. With about, it's gonna hit 70,000 miles right now And, okay. 70 k And what is it worth? A private cell right now? If you, if you went on Kelly Blue book, what, what would the value be? I believe it was 26,000 or 25. Okay, so Let's say 25 and be conservative. And you say you owe 33 on it. Yes. But you also said you have $3,000 worth of cash. Yes.


Okay. Jade, $33,000 worth of cash? No, No. $3,000. He got three cash worth of cash. He owes 33 I wish. Yeah, yeah, we do too. That you had it. So he's got a car that's worth 25. I'm being conservative here. He's got 3000 in cash. No other cash anywhere else? No, just the I have retirement And no debt other than the truck. Yes. No debt other than the truck. Alright. Pretty clean here. Yeah. I mean, if I were you, I try to get out of this by getting out of upside down. What's your income? Monthly is 2,400.


Okay. I'll make You living at home. Yes. I live With my mom. So how quickly could you save up another 'cause you're $8,000 upside down. You've got three. So we need five to make it right, right side up. Right. But then you gotta drive something. So we've gotta come up with another 3000 to get you a beater or something. Right? Yeah. So that's what, that's the equation right here. How quickly can you get another eight, another $5,000 in two months, three months, two months? If you'd take a second job, you live at home? Yeah, I would, yeah. I would say about at least like, give or take three months would take what bills Do have.


What other bills do you have? What other bills? What other bills Other than the car bills? Just a, a $75 for my internet, I believe. Okay. And then what's the car payment? Just so I can really see this? No, the car payment is 639 and I pay 300 for the insurance. Okay. So I kind of would like to see him pay this thing off. It's not like, you know what I mean? There's a couple ways I'd like to see him own this thing and pay it off. He's got no expenses in his life. Pay this sucker. I'm not, I'm I'm not against him selling it. You got this funky face right now. I think he never should have got it. I a hundred percent agree, but, oh, Me too.


Oh, I, he knows. I hundred percent agree. It was my grandparents and they co-signed on it and Everything. I guess my point is, is I think he could put $2,000 a month on this if he got busy and started working hard. How Old are you? He's 19. He's living with mom. What do you think? I don't, I always tell people to sell it, but in this case I know they do. I think he can pay this thing off. He's got no other debt in his life now he's got a a 2022 Dodge Ram truck. Or he could go buy a beater. I mean, I, I think Jade's right. That's what I almost always say, sell the car. What Do you wanna do? What do you wanna do, Jeremiah? Well if, if there is any way possible, I would love to keep the truck.


Well, It is possible. You gotta pay it off. You sell, you Sell, but you sell Gotta pay it off with like lty split, like with the quickness. Like you getting another job. I would hope Three that I, I would hope like three years or two Years. And see this is why I'm saying sell it because when I gave you the task of getting $5,000 quickly, you felt like that felt insurmountable. I could tell. Like that felt like, oh Man. Yeah. See, and let me clarify my position. I'm not saying Jeremiah over three years pay it off, I'm saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. I'm saying you pay it off in a, in, in, in a a year, but, but at this point maybe it's better off. If you don't think you can mentally do that, then I would sell it and I'd go get a $5,000 truck. 'cause I can find one online right now.


I can find a $5,000 truck. I kind of like that plan for you. If, if you were a little bit older and you were accustomed to the type of work that Ken and I are talking about, I might say yeah, keep it paid off. But I can tell that this is really a burden. Even the burden of getting the $5,000 to get right side up feels like a lot. Am I wrong or am I right? No, you're right. Okay. Oh well then a hundred percent I agree. Yeah, those are your two options. Yeah. Pay it down. Pay it off quickly or get rid of it. And I think you need to get rid of it. Yeah. Get rid of it. Go and get it outta your life. You're gonna sleep better and you're gonna learn a valuable lesson. Yeah. You can't really, it's hard to enjoy a purchase like that when it's kind of made you feel some type of way like that, you know, and A $600 month Car payment.


Yeah, because I was, I was enjoying it, but I had like started to learn about like the, like financial things and that I was just like, oh gosh, I'm living way outta my needs, you know? Yeah, Yeah. I hear you. Listen, a ram is nice. I'm not gonna lie. I've been looking at Rams. What color is it? Black. Okay. Yay. It, it's black on black. It's really nice. Hey listen, slide it this way And You're in San Antonio. I can, You know, and here's the deal. Let tell you what's really going on. Jeremiah. You've never done a budget have you? No. Well, I, I've just started actually, but Okay. Have you used EveryDollar? Are you familiar with our budgeting app? I'm not.


Okay. Ah, Jay, tell the man why he needs to be using EveryDollar because this will help him. Candidate. This is great. You're a young guy. This is a great habit to learn early. So EveryDollar, it's the best budget out there. It's the only budget I use. I know it's the only budget Ken uses, but it's great because it's on your phone, it's on your desktop and it does all the math for you. Jeremiah, all you have to do is plug in your income at the top and you get to decide from there how you're gonna spend every single dollar of your money. So you go in and put everything that Jeremiah might spend money on from your insurance to your car payment, to you know, a little bit of groceries for the house, whatever it is that you're spending money on, you put that into EveryDollar and then it's gonna tell you, hey, here's how much extra you have to spend.


So that's just the basics of what EveryDollar does. You connect it to your bank and then all your transactions load in there and it'll tell you, hey, here's how you're doing with your money. But there's also some really great future planning tools in there. So you can Start to, it's gonna help him save for that next truck. Yeah. That's maybe in the 14,000, $15,000 range. Jeremiah, that's the whole point, is get this outta your life, then start budgeting and then you can begin to see, okay, I'm still a young guy. I can save up and have a really nice truck in the near future that doesn't have any negative emotion attached to it. Right? Yes sir. That's the idea, my man. So EveryDollar download it today. Start messing around with it.


To learn this at 19, Oh, you're gonna be Jade. I don't think I'm speaking in hyperbole, but I think he's gonna be way ahead. Life years a a a a way past most 19 year olds just learning to go I know where my money is. Yeah. And not only do I know where it is, I'm controlling where it's going And being able to make the choice, Hey, I make, I bought that. It was too expensive. I don't need to keep it being able to say that in life. I agree. Priceless. Yeah, It's huge by the way. Selling a car that you can't afford, it is the best way to get outta that deal. Learn that lesson the hard way. It, it just kinda sticks with you forever. Always the best choice. Great hour. Jade Warshaw, this is The Ramsey Show.


You know how when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt, it feels weird at first. Well I'm here to tell you that is okay. I want you to be weird. If that means you're being intentional, including how you budget. And one way to be intentional about how you spend your healthcare dollars is with Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM isn't health insurance. They're a biblically based alternative. CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom. As a CHM member, you'll share 100% of your eligible healthcare costs with a dedicated Christian community. And in return, your monthly contribution goes towards other members' medical costs. So no matter where you are in your financial journey, CHM can help you reach your money goals and still get the care you need. Plus programs start as low as $98 a month. So go to ch ministries.org/budget to find out more. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome to The Ramsey Show America, where we help you win with your money, win in your profession and win in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Love for you to call in and if you need to get coached up on handling your money, Jade Warshaw ISS here if you need to get coached up on making more money, I'm here. I go by Ken. That's what I go by. I've been called far worse, but I go by Ken. Ken Coleman with you and always fun to be with Jade and we've got the energy here. We both just got a little bit of caffeine. Got the juice. We're we got the juice.


We're ready to go. Lily in Milwaukee is where we're going next. Lily, How can we help today? Hi. So I need advice on what to do. So this, we just realized that my mother-in-law had stolen from my husband and I for the second time. The first time was la. Yep. The first time was last year that we discovered it. My husband's debit card numbers kept getting stolen even after he changed it six times. Come to find out it was my mother-in-law. She stole every time he was home. She somehow went to his wallet and grabbed his debit card, wrote down the numbers.


She used it to pay bills. I mean it was how much he also used it for. We tracked a thousand dollars and then we stopped tracking it Because you didn't want to keep, you didn't wanna keep getting mad, Didn't wanna go. How long did this go on before the second time that this happened happened? How long did it go on for before you figured it out? I, I would say four months before. Oh my. We realized it. I actually realized it when I was looking over my husband. Well then we were just dating or engaged, I can't remember. And he was just showing it to me and I was just like, well just let me read it. How did you, so I looked at it and I said, wait babe, these are all utility bills so someone's paying utilities.


And he's like, oh okay. So we looked and my husband like a couple days later found a utility bill that was paid with the last four digits of his car and his mom's name, the Boldness. So we confronted her. Well How'd that go? He confronted her. How'd that go? Not well. Not well. She unfortunately is an alcoholic. Oh. And so it's rough. Especially because just under a mo a little over a month ago, we were ready with $5,000 cash to bail her out of her sixth OWI. Because otherwise her son was gonna be her. My brother-in-law who's now 17, was gonna be put in foster care and we were gonna be his foster parents up until he turned 18.


Oh wow. And So we didn't, we were gonna like, okay we're gonna bail you out. We, and we even told her like, this is a gift, we don't want you to return it. Like this is just rough. So she was ordered to not, we even were driving a total of six hours a day. When I say we, I mean me. 'cause my husband was working and I would drive an hour to pick her up, an hour to drop her off from her home to then work and then an hour back and then I would go back and I would go get her and we finally stopped after we found out she was driving when she wasn't supposed to. And So we said, we're not gonna be complicit in this, we're not gonna turn you in, but we're not gonna be apart. Part of our bargain to not asking for any money back was that you didn't break the law again.


Okay. So this is a giant mess. Yep. We could talk about this for you're the worst part. Okay. And what's your question for us today? Oh, We need help with the current situation of her stealing $13,000 from his UTMA account Is okay. Her stealing $13,000 from his utma, is it, whose name is on it? Did she set up the UTMA a long time ago for him? Yes. She set it up for him. He was in a really bad car accident. So the, because he was a minor, the money was then dispersed to her and then at the same time they were go her, his parents were going through a divorce.


So part of the custody agreement was instead of just giving the money and letting it sit in a bank account, put it in an UTMA like trust. So she did that and then in 2008 she took out a little over six grand and then in 2015 she took out another little over six grand of a total withdrawals of $13,186 and 43 cents. No, we get it. You she's got access to this though. She did. Yep. So now my husband's 22 and has, right. And so when we talked with our accountant and we talked to the investor, she's not, according to like UTMA IRS stuff or whatever that we are being told is that she can't pull out any money unless it's to benefit the minor.


Yeah. She Just did. So you could sue her. I mean you could, you could sue her. I Gotta question right how if that's true then how is it that she just recently was able to get into the account and get 13,000 more dollars? No, no, no, no, no. That was the total amount. It wasn't recently that she did it. She did it in in 2008 once and in 2015. We only found out now. Okay. Alright. So Lily Okay. Are now being mailed to my husband. Okay. So this is a lot coming at us. So you've done sorry. So she No, it's okay. But to try to help you. She, what you just told us seems like the solution, what you just told us, she can't get access to this now. Correct.


Because of his age. Right. Alright then. So you don't have anything to worry about Unless, like I said, unless you were trying to get the 13,000 back, if that's the case, you'd have to get take legal action. Right. To prove that ain she took it Ain't got, she Ain't got that, she didn't spend it on him. Right. I just don't even know how to prove that. Like she, My point, my point in saying, my point in saying that is it's probably not gonna be worth it. No, this is not worth it Liz. My point, she doesn't have any money. Yeah. And the last thing you guys need to do is spend your money on a wild goose chase. 'cause that's what this is. This is already awful enough. Okay. So if that's your question for us, Jayden and I are saying if we were in your shoes, you can't Sue her for anything, We'd let it go.


But I would make sure Okay. That, that your husband is on the phone with this account. Yeah. And we are absolutely for certain that she cannot access the funds. The second thing is, I could go back to the, initially he doesn't go anywhere near her With his card. With his debit card anymore. Right. How did this happen? Time and Time and time again how he's laying his wallet around and she's just walking in the, so No, what had happened was he, it was while he was still living there. So we didn't move in together until after we were married and he lived with his mom. When we found out about it, he did end up getting an apartment for six months and then we moved in together because we were Married. Oh, I get Lily. This just needs to be a clear boundary here.


This needs to be a clear boundary. We don't do anything with her anymore involving money. Period. Period. Done. She needs to get healthy and she may have to hit rock bottom. It doesn't sound like she's there yet. Yeah, she, has she ever gone through any treatment for her alcoholism? She was court ordered to with the other five ows, but it never ended up helping or doing anything. Unfortunately, she did the program enough to get the boys out of foster care when they were removed from her care and then as soon as she got them back and the court order was finished. She went back to drinking. Where's little brother now? He is still living with mom. Okay.


Alright. Well this is, this is tough. We feel really bad for you. I'm glad you have figured it out. I don't think there's any recourse. I think you guys need a clear boundary here. Okay. And I think, you know what? I love therapy. So I would suggest you and your husband go talk to someone because when people do you wrong like that, and your husband's probably bringing in his own baggage from that living situation. Like you guys get some clarity and get some mental healing over this because clearly what she's, her actions have impacted you guys and it's made you feel some type of way, like understandably so. But make sure you're working through that too, so that when the time comes that she does become sober, which I pray it does, you can receive her with open arms Also, Lily, the best we can do is give you a present hang on the line.


We're gonna give you EveryDollar because this happened because you guys largely didn't have any idea what was coming and going in that facts in your bank account. I'm not trying to pour insult, you know, on, on the injury here, but let's get control of our budget so that nothing like this ever happens again. Hang on the line. This is The Ramsey Show.


Have you gotten one of those texts recently claiming to be the USPS with some sketchy link to update your address? It's annoying and a little terrifying, and you probably think to yourself, I should do something about this. But where do you even start? Well, as your nerdy friend who does the research for you, I found the solution. They're called Delete Me. And here's the reason they come in the clutch. The internet is packed with data brokers, which are these shady companies whose sole purpose is to collect your personal info and sell it for a profit. Enter Delete Me. Deleteme Swoops in finds your info on these sites and removes it on your behalf. They even send you a report with all the details. And so far for me personally, they have reviewed 27,000 listings, removed my info from 240 data brokers and saved me 66 hours in the process. I trust Deleteme to help protect my family, and I trust them to help you too. You're gonna get fewer spam texts, fewer phishing emails, and fewer creepy robo calls. And Deleteme also makes a great gift for other people in your life that you care about. Individual plans start at just $9 a month. So take an easy step to protect yourself and your loved ones today. And as a RAMSEY fan, you'll get an extra 20% off any of their plans@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


It's that time again folks. Tax season is here. I know some of you would rather bury your head in the sand until April 15th than face your taxes. But here's a better idea. If your tax situation is complicated, get in touch with a Ramsey Trusted Tax Pro today. That way they can take the stress off your shoulders and once those tax forms come in and teach you how to keep your tax bill as low as possible, but don't wait. RAMSEY Trusted Pros can book up fast. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro to find one who serves your area with excellence. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Let's go to Washington DC Samuel's there Samuel. How can we help? Hi Jade and Ken. How are you? I'm good. Good. I guess my question mostly surrounds finishing school and my career in the future. Okay. Tell us where you are in school and how far along you are and what you're pursuing. Yeah. Right now I'm about 16 credit hours away from getting my associates in business. Okay. But I'm not taking any classes this semester. And what is the reason for that?


Yeah, I'm working quite a bit of hours. I work every day and by the time I act, in truth, by the time that I was looking to sign up for classes this semester, all the ones remaining for my program were booked up. And what kind of work are you doing now? Yeah, I'm a manager and coach at a gym. And is that the field you wanna go into? It's tough. I've kind of, I'm kind of at the ceiling of this stuff. The only kind of way to go up would be owner, equity owner. Right. But if you, if young Samuel, how old are you again?


20 sir. 20. If young Samuel thinks about the future 20 years from now, and we're going ideal here. All Right. So I don't want you to be hung up on a lack of belief right now. I don't want you to feel insecure about your answer. I want you to go with what your heart's telling you. What is, what does it look like right now? You can change this answer two minutes from now. What's 20 years down the road a successful Samuel and I run into you and you go, Hey, years, 20 years ago I talked to you and Jake, guess what I'm doing now? What would you tell me you're doing? Yeah. I'd love to either have some sort of remote work in a field that I really enjoy or I really like to get into a real estate investing and kind of manage.


Okay, I feel like I got portfolio, I feel like I got a safe answer and I feel like I got the real answer. He's Not an office guy. He's not, don't tell me that 20 years from now you're gonna be excited to run into Jade and I and go, Hey, I'm doing remote work in a field. I enjoy, Come on. Well, what that told me is he doesn't wanna go into an office. Whatever he does, he wants flexibility. I know I'm pushing him a little bit 'cause he can handle it. Samuel, what is it that you really want to do? Say? I guess I really just wanna make my friends and family happy and spend time doing things that I enjoy. I know you're a sweet young man. I, Jade wants to give you a big giant hug.


Mama Jade is so touched. I do, but Samuel, you wanna do real estate, you want to be an entrepreneur, you want to be kind of on the move working for yourself. Is that the goal? Yes sir. Okay. So until you figure out what it is that this entrepreneurial adventure or two or three or four may be, then I think you ought to be working. I think you ought to be working because you don't need an associate's degree to be an entrepreneur. You don't have a very clear direction as of this time. Which by the way, I'm not judging that at all. And so for me, I, I don't think you should be feeling any kind of negative emotion about taking this semester off.


Now if you figure out what you, you know, you start to get some more ideas. And by the way, I'm gonna give you some tools. I'm gonna give you my book, find the work you're wired to do and it has the get clear assessment in it. It'll take you about 18 to 20 minutes to take. Will you do it? Yes sir. Because it's gonna give you a purpose statement. And it's basically gonna go, I was created to use the top three talents and it's gonna go boom, boom, boom. It's got a detailed report on each of the three top talents. And then it's gonna say to you to do the work that I really enjoy doing, it's gonna give you three passions, boom, boom, boom and a detailed report on all three to accomplish my mission of, and it's gonna give you one clear answer, which is a result that would get Samuel outta the bed every morning.


Now that's just a quick preview, but if you take it and you look at that purpose statement and you begin to lay it out over the world of work, okay? And you begin to allow yourself to answer the question that I put you under the spot. Okay, I put you on the spot. I know it was a little pressure, but if you continue to work through that same question with that purpose statement in mind, I think at some point you're gonna come to some conclusions on two or three ideas that would absolutely allow you to use what you do best to do what you enjoy, to produce a result that you care about. Isn't that what you really want? Samuel? Thank you so much Tanya. So here's the deal. I am all for 19 year olds working and making some money. Mama J okay.


I know that's right. And taking his time and figuring out, 'cause he's not playing video games all day long. No, he's being productive. He's hustling. Yeah. This kid's got a heart the size of the Atlantic Ocean. So Samuel, I would say pause. Yeah, agreed. And then we jump back into school. And here's why. Jade, I wanna give it to you to weigh in. 'cause you need to listen to Jade if school a degree, whether it be an associate's, a bachelor's grad degree at all, Jade. If it is the only way to do what you want to do, I say do it. Yeah. If it is the best way to do what you want to do, I say do it. But absent of those two very clear descriptors, then I say stay away from it because you are wasting time and money.


This idea that colleges, it's so good for the young people to go find themselves. No, it's, that's an expensive way to find Yourself Summer camp on steroids. Shoot. You can go party on your own. Jade would say you, I think that you're exactly right Ken Coleman. I think that that's a message that needs to be shouted from the rooftops. I mean look, there's just this, it's just simple as that. So Samuel, I hope that's what you needed. Is that what you needed today? You needed, you didn't need anything from us, but I hope we answered your question. Yes. I really Appreciate it. Alright my man. Hang on the line. Christian's gonna get you a copy of the book, find the work you're wired to do. And it comes with the assessment to get clear assessment.


By the way, that little book is about a 45 minute read Jade. Yeah. It's me coaching people through their assessment results. So we need it, I do believe passionately in that product, so especially for young people who by the way, there is this massive cultural pressure to go right outta high school and get accepted by a really great school so that you make your parents and your principal and your teachers proud. And there's a lot of Samuels in this world who are a lot like Ken Coleman. And we were like, that thing I wanna do doesn't need a degree. Yeah. I'm a college dropout because I was working, I went to school to get a political science degree 'cause I wanted to run the world.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know. No surprise there. And I got a taste of politics. I got to work on a campaign in the middle of my sophomore year and I took a whole semester off and I tasted battle folks. Hey. And then I went back to school and was like, this is the desk job. And I've been in the fox hole and I was never the same. And thankfully my parents did not freak out and weren't happy about It. What'd they do? They just kind of were like, okay, well we'd like you to finish your degree. Yeah, yeah. 'cause another year and a half later I dropped out to work on a Senate race. Then I went right to the gubernatorial race and I found myself working for the Governor of Virginia at 22. That's cool.


So it wasn't like I was, you know, finding myself in Europe backpacking. But you could, you could find yourself in Europe. And I got no problem with that either. Yeah. I'm a fan Of a gap year. I wish I had found myself as a drop. Listen, I stayed in school too long. Yeah, but you were a D one athlete. You're far more higher achiever than me. Yes. But I, I quit volleyball to pursue music. Yeah. And you did well in my studies. Didn't And you did great. I didn't need to continue in school. No, you did not. Yeah, But I wish I had taken the Ken Coleman path of action. Well, but keep in mind it would've been right for me. I went into the field that I was going to school to get into the field for. Right. That I hope everybody understands that. I mean, I'm not saying that everybody drop outta school. No, we get you Ken. But my goodness, why in the world would I finish the Degree?


It's not for everybody is what you're saying. Like, it's not the pathway for everybody. People Used to ask me all the time, are you gonna go back and get your degree? I was like, For what? I got a fancy office. I know, right? I'm wearing suits every day. You Know what, what? I'm not going back to college for a political science degree. I am silencing the political. What do you think about folks who really view it though? Like it's just, I wanna do it to say I did it. Like it's just a, If it's that important to you, pay it cash. Yeah. But I would say to them privately, I, that's important to you. I'm not gonna knock your priorities. I'd go, you don't need it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I'm just one of these guys that doesn't do anything that I don't need to do.


Listen, what? I get you, what do I need? A degree. My degree helped me meet Sam Warshaw. That's all that matters. That's what I tell myself at night when I'm thinking about the student loans I paid Off. And, and tell people what you thought of Sam the first time you met him. I said that right there is a snack. It's my all type favorite thing she says about he's become a good friend. One of these days I'm gonna tell him you're a snack. Yeah. And he's gonna probably punch me, but it'll be worth it. Listen Face card, no declines. It's fantastic. You heard it here first. We love you Sam. This is The Ramsey Show.


Listen, people what you call organized chaos is still chaos this year. Build some room in your budget to get your life really organized. One tool that I recommend is a knock box, as in next of kin Knock Box is a complete system that helps you organize important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place. The 15 categories in your knock box cover everything from health history and investments to your ancestry and even collectibles. So cut the clutter with a knock box. Start getting organized today and receive an exclusive discount@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. That's N ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. Alright, I'm about to say what everyone already knows, but budgeting is a good thing to do now actually starting. Well, that's where people freeze up and you guys, it doesn't have to be that way. With the EveryDollar budgeting app getting started is super easy and so is sticking to it. You can set up your first budget in less time than it takes to go through the Chick-fil-A drive through. It's fast. And the best part, with unlimited budget categories, you can customize it to fit your life. Grocery runs, coffee runs, or planning your next family trip. Whatever you have going on. EveryDollar helps you see exactly what's happening with your money. You'll know what's coming in, what's going out, and what's left over for some fun, because let's be real, you need some fun in your budget. EveryDollar keeps budgeting simple and stress free just the way you want it. So go download the app for free and get started today. Again, go download EveryDollar today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. Helping you win with your money, winning your profession, and winning your relationships is our goal. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number to jump in. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw joins me.


Why refi? Refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. Private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally Mae. So to learn more about this custom refinancing option and a lump sum payoff option you could qualify for after 24 months, go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter Y rey.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


All Right. Today's question comes from Travis in Vermont. He says, I'm 23 and saving for a home down payment, which should only take 12 to 18 months. However, I've heard that you recommend not having a mortgage of more than 25% of your take home pay. Even if I went, even if I were to save enough for a 20% down payment, I wouldn't be able to get a mortgage anywhere near that. I earned 70,000 per year, which is above average for coming straight outta college. There are no starter homes in this area for less than 150,000. Do you think young people will ever have a chance at purchasing a house if we stick to your 25% guideline? Alright. Ooh, that's a, that's a great question. Is a good question.


Yeah. Let's talk about it from a couple of angles. Number one, I love that you wanna buy a house. I, I think that's great. I, I think the dream of real estate is, is the American dream, right? To own something that's yours outright. It's great. What you first said was, you could say for a down payment in 12 to 18 months, which lets me know, whatever you had in your mind, you thought, I, this number will get me in the door, but the door that it's gonna get you in is a dangerous door for you. The reason that we say 25% of your take home pays is 'cause we want you to be able to live. Like we want you to be able to breathe out here. That's right. That's right. Because Don't wanna be house poor. Yeah. At some point, you have to think about it like this. At some point of the 100% pie of income that you have, at some point you're gonna want to invest 15%.


So there's that. At some point you're gonna wanna give 10%. So there's that. That's already at 25. At some point you have a mortgage. Let's say it's more than 25%. Let's say it's at 40%. Well, suddenly you don't have much to live off of. Right. You've really cut that wedge really, really small for you. And we find people all the time who call in and say, oh my gosh. I mean it happened the other day. Ken. Folks call in at 50% because they'll give you a mortgage. Oh yeah. Up to 50%. Oh my goodness. And when that happens, these people can't breathe. No. Like they can't pay for a pot to piss in. Like they don't have anything. One of my all time favorite phrases, by the way, you dusted that one off. That's like an old school. It came from the depths.


It did. That's like an old school phrase. I think I probably heard my dad say it, but Oh, I promise You. Anyway. You know, that's the point. It, it's not, it has nothing to do. It has nothing to do with being a RAMSEY is right. That's right. It's about you. We want you to be able to live. So there's, It's about margin and emotion attached to that margin. Yes. And so that's kind of what I want you to leave here with. It's not about us. It's about you being able to enjoy your home and have the money to do the things that you need to be able to do. So that's thing one. Now let's answer the question of, do you think single people will ever have a chance at purchasing a house? If we stick to your 25% guidelines, the answer is yes, but, and you'll have to change your expectations on possibly the piece of real estate and the timeline that it will take to get you there.


That's right. And the zip code. And the zip code, all these Things, I mean, come on. And what you grew up in doesn't mean that that's what you're supposed to start in facts. Well, come on Ken. I think that's the biggest thing. Yeah. It's like, well you grew up in a four bedroom, three car garage and you think that that's what you're supposed to start with. And I'm like At 23. Wow. I think a lot of people do think that they, you're right. And it's like, wait a second. I mean, the first house Stacey and I started with, it was, it's like a matchbox. Okay. Compared to what we live in now. You know what I mean? I do Know. And we thought it was massive and scared to death of it, by the way. It's $198,000. Wow. And I thought, and I thought, and by the way, I did it by the book, the down payment. Yeah. The way RAMSEY teaches it. But I thought I had mortgaged my life away because of the sheer price of the home.


Yes. $198,000 back then that was like, I thought I was gonna die. And that's so important to note, Ken. So important, despite what your monthly payment for the mortgage might be, you still that first home per you feel the weight of whatever the entire amount is. Yeah. Even though we put a nice down payment on it was over 27, but it still felt like, what have I done? Yeah. And so there's a responsibility there. Which by the way, it makes me think, I wanna just add one thing. I thought your answers were great. This is why we created what I think is one of the best resources we've ever created at RAMSEY. And by the way, it's all free. It's called Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base. So anybody watching and listening right now, this is free and it's absolutely chockfull of. It's a podcast on there. We've got a book on there.


We've got a video series, how to articles start to finish guides. Yeah. On buying or selling anything real estate related. If you're kind of going, what do I do? Yes. And you trust us, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. Lemme say that again. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. If you couldn't write it down, can't remember it. Go to the show notes for today. It's there. Very important that you understand what all is involved here. So really good question. And, and Ken, let me drive this. You broke that down. Well, lemme drive this point home one more way because drive, Drive it down the lane, Don't it? There's always, there's always a new listener, someone who doesn't know our backgrounds. Right. So my husband and I, I, I loved this question because right now the real estate, it's gotten more and more expensive.


Oh. It started to cool out in some areas. But the truth is it is very expensive. And with other things being expensive, inflation and things like that, it does make it feel harder to be able to accomplish this dream. That is the truth. Well, the numbers have gone up. You're right about that. It is a higher it skyrocket level. Yeah. Yeah. And so I like to remind people, when my husband and I were getting out of debt, of course we couldn't buy a house during that time because we say you should really pay off your debt before you become a first time home homeowner. And so Sam, Sam and I rented kin for 10 years and during the course of that 10 years, we paid off $460,000 of debt. Yeah. And then we saved up and were able to do, you know, and you also had fun in That stuff. A bunch of people living with you too. I feel like You say what?


Didn't you have a bunch of people living with you too? Not A bunch of folks. We had roommates at one point. We did. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. I'm not knocking that We ha we were married and we had another married couple that lived with us for a year. I thought that was extreme. 10 outta 10 would not recommend Ken. But you did it. We did it. But the point is, I said a bunch of people. I'm sorry. It kind of sounded like we were just on the block. Like You were living in a Folks coming through. I knew looping in a shoe. No, it, it just reframing like a timeframe. If it takes 10 years, so be it. You'll be, you'll be a homeowner. I can tell you. You will. And here's the key, actually, I'm really glad you brought that up. 'cause I think some people right now are still going 10 years before you throw shade at my friend, I wanna bring this back to you because that 10 years of rent, I'm sitting here with you today and I'm gonna take a guess that you don't feel like you piss that money away.


Not at all. So what did the 10 years of rent, which some people right now are on TikTok, Instagram going, woo. Yeah. Yeah. How did that 10 years of renting give you freedom to get to where you are today? Break It down. Well, a, I don't regret it at all. Like here in my life, I'm 41 years old. I don't go, oh man, if only I had bought my house when I was 23. Like, there's no part of me that thinks back. Right. And regret at All. Right. Why? Because it was worth it to do things. Right. You took seven. We took seven and a half years paid off all the debt. Then we took, we lollygagged a couple years. 'cause we were tired. Took some more time to save up. That's the truth. Well, you were paying off half a million dollars. That's right. You deserve a, a water break. Took some time to save up.


And then when we finally bought our house, I was pregnant. I had just had my first son and I was 36 years old and it was great. And now here you are. Yeah. Homeowner. Homeowner. I'm on my, I'm on my second house. Do people think that that's wasting money? And in your case, it was actually the freedom and margin you needed to get out of debt. That's right. Because it was cheaper. It was far cheaper. It was far cheaper for us to rent. We had a season of roommates and it freed up money. And like we said before, the last thing I needed was more stress. Right. Of then feeling like, okay, now I've also got this mortgage that I have to, you know, be accountable for. So Ken. All Right. Craziest thing that happened that you're willing to share when you had another married couple roommates or most awkward?


I think one time we came home and they had bought a home alarm. An alarm for the, the house. And so Sam and I came home from a trip we had been working and when we opened up the door, woo. Well they didn't tell you. Yeah. And What that happen has to be really alarming. Yeah. That alarmed me. I'll Bet. No pun intended. Wow. Yeah. It was alarmed. I think that should have been a reality show. I hate that we missed that. Oh we, yeah. I don't, that part I don't miss. I love them. They were great people. I have nothing but love in my heart for them. Still in Touch with 'em. Yeah. Oh, somewhat. Somewhat From a distance. But not because they're not great People from a distance. Little Bette Midler From a distance. There it is. I knew she would do it.


Folks, that's all I gotta do is tee it up and she can sing it. Check the key lady in the lobby's. Giving you a heart sign. She wants a little Bette Midler during the break. God Is watching us. That's, that's how you go out to break right there, folks. I'll listen. And she sings along during the commercial break. We'll be back before you know it. This is The Ramsey Show.


I still remember 10 years ago, 23 years old, I was frustrated, anxious, and flat broke. I had followed all the ways that toxic money culture had led me down from well-meaning parents and misguided guidance counselors. And it left me with a pile of debt. But I'm telling you it doesn't have to stay that way over a decade. I went from Broke to millionaire and I break it all down in my new book, breaking Free From Broke, I'm gonna show you just how toxic this money system is and how you can break free from credit scores and credit cards and student loans and auto loans and investing traps. And finally live a life that you're not exhausted by a life with more margin, more options, and more peace. If you wanna check out the book, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to get your copy of breaking free from broke. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. So glad you're with us today. As we help you win with your money, win in your profession and win with your relationships. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Jade, I'm a little excited about it and I, I don't naturally celebrate these things like I should. Super excited. I've been dreaming about a show concept for a long time and we've been working on it as a team. The team's done a great job. It's called Front Row Seat with Ken Coleman. And it has people ask it, has it replaced a Ken Coleman show? Yes. Because it is a very different format. Imagine you're sitting in on a deep dive conversation with somebody who's a thought leader, someone who has done something extraordinary in their lives.


They are a man or a woman of success. And you get to be a part of the audience and you're sitting around with us asking a question. Well, that is the format, live format. We record it. And then also we have a virtual format where people can zoom in, if you will. So we're bringing the audience to the Front Row Seat. That's the concept. It's on YouTube now or wherever you get your podcast. New episode comes out every Tuesday morning. Wow. If you want to get better personally, move up professionally and lead effectively. Those are the conversations. Wow. There you go. How do you, how do you source your, like guests? How do you pick, how do you select your guests?


'cause you've had some wonderful Guests. Yeah, we some really fun guests. And the way it goes down is, is you know, we're selecting people within those categories. So for instance, people that can help, experts can help out in the area of personal growth. So that would be an expert maybe on sleep or nutrition or exercise. Wow, okay. Right. And so we're holistic, we're mixing it up. Right. And then of course we have people that are professional gurus that can help you on certain soft skills. Like we just had Charles Duhig, we just recorded that. It'll come out soon. Pulitzer Prize winning author of the book, super communicators. Wow. So we're talking about the three types of conversation. So how do we use those types of conversation to win in our profession but also win at home?


That's so helpful. And then of course, leadership experts. So it's very intentional between those three buckets of content, if that makes sense. So well done Ken. Thank you. I'm really excited about it. It's beautiful. By the way, if you wanna check it out on YouTube, the team did a great job with the set. Looks really, really fun. So the Front Row Seat is the name of the show, Front Row Seat with Ken Coleman. You can get it on YouTube or wherever you get your podcast. Let's go to Brianna, who's joining us in Dallas, Texas. Brianna, How can we help today? Hi. Yes, I have a question. Well, I need some advice. Me and my husband are thinking about selling our home 'cause we're just drowning in debt and we just don't have any other option to try to get out of it, but to sell our home.


So yes, that's my What is, what is what has created that scenario where you don't believe you have any other options? Give us some details. Well, we are just drowning in debt. And I know y'all always sell, say sell the cars and we looked into it. We owe, in one of our cars, we owe like 9,000. Okay. And we, we try to see if we could sell it, but we will be under, it's really not worth selling. It's just, I guess right now we just better off paying it off. And the other one is 12,000 and that one as well is negative.


So we're like, okay, well we might as well just try to hang on to those and try to pay those off. Okay. And everything else is loans and credit cards, student loans, ira, Everything. Go go through the other ones. Everything go through the other amounts for us. So we can get a picture of this. So the $9,000 car, the $12,000 car, what else? And then loans, like personal loans? Yeah. You know, like 20,000. Okay. Credit cards is around like 35 to 35 to like 40,000. Okay. Student loans is, my husband's is like 73,000. Okay. How much are yours? I don't have any good. And my real, I, the IRS is like 9,500.


Okay. And then I have medical bills that's like 3000. Okay. Okay. Well what's your combined income? Combined income is like 10,500 to like 11,000. Okay. Per month? Yes. Okay. And have you added up, if you don't know, it's okay. But if I were to ask you on the spot, like how much does this cost you in payments every month? Do you know the number to that? Like the debt alone? It's like 4,000, probably a little bit More. Okay. So you're paying 4,000 in payments. Yeah. And then tell me what's your mortgage? Tell me about the mortgage. Tell me what you owe on it. The Mortgage. The mortgage is like 31.


3,100. Okay. And that's what you're paying per month. But tell me how much you bought the house. For The house. We bought it for 3 86. What's It worth? And what do you, what's it worth? Right now? It is worth like 3 85, 3 87. Well sweetheart, if you sell the house, that's not gonna give you guys any much money at all. I I know we owe three 40 on it right now. Right. But after you pay your realtor, there's very little of this Yes. That is gonna actually solve this problem. Right. That's what we were like, okay. Should we just try to fight for it or should we try to sell it and try to at least get out of it?


Jade's got something to tell you. I Mean, the only thing why I was, we were thinking is 'cause my husband drives like an hour and a half commute to his job. Oh, okay. But he wanted to To, he wanted to move closer to his job. 'cause it is, it's a long drive. Oh, Is it rent? Is it, did you rent for less money in that location? Sorry Jay. That's Okay. The rent's probably gonna be like 2000. Yeah. Not much different. Not much difference. Well no, You said you're paying 3,100 per month. Oh, oh Yeah. That is, that is actually a huge difference. Right? 3,100 plus h, the HOA Oh, that's not including HOA What's your HOA?


No, Two, 250 every quarter. Okay. Every quarter. Okay. I would consider moving Jake. Yeah. In this situation. 'cause that's a long way to commute number one. Well, There's a couple of things. You got that big commute. I was gonna ask you, is it an hour and a half each way or is that combined? Because if it's 40 minutes, that's not as big of a deal, but No, it's each way. Ooh Girl. Yeah, That's, I would definitely move him. So He has to drive into the office three days out of the week. So two days he'll work from home, but three days out of the week he has to drive to the office. It's still a lot. Three hours. Driving in a day is a lot to get to work. So that's one, that's one green light. It's not the biggest reason. 'cause like you said, it's not like he's going in every day.


But it is a reason, the biggest reason for me to consider getting outta this house is because it's more, it's more than 25% of your take home pay. And at this point you need EveryDollar that you can get your hands on. Right now there is a thought here and, and, and you guys need to sit and talk about this. 'cause there's a thought where I go, okay, if you guys really start side hustling, if you start picking up your income, there could be a world when this debt is over, that this is not 20, that this is 25% of your take home. You see what I'm saying? That you raise your income and it becomes something that you can keep around today though it's really a problem. So I would say your homework to sit down with your spouse tonight would be to say, what are all the things we can do to make money?


What are your opportunities that are directly related to your job? And what are mine that are, do you, do you both work? Yes, we both work. So he has his main job and then he has a part-time job on the weekends to make like some extra income. I try to work overtime. I work at a a, a daycare. So I try to work extra like overtime whenever I can. How consistent can that happen? Is that like a daily thing or is it like a couple times a month? It varies. It, it varies. It depends on the teachers. Like I just found out I have covid, so I have to be out all Week. Got you. So what I'd be looking for, when I'm looking for a side hustle, I'm looking for something I can count on.


That's the whole point. Right. So I'd be looking, if I'm going to spend the extra hours working, I want something that's like clockwork. I can get it, I can go bust my butt and do it and it's there. So you both need that. And then if something, if you know part-time pops up at the, at the job and you have the, the leverage, you know the place in your schedule to do it. You, you do that too. But right now I want, here's my, my main job and a go-to side hustle. That's always there. I can work it every day, every weekend. Got it. So that's you guys' job to, to come up with that tonight. And then after that, have you made a budget? I tried the dollar thing.


I just downloaded it. I, okay, good. I did like the free trial thing, but I'm gonna have to cancel it because it was like $18 a month. Okay. I Can't afford it. Y'all need to stop borrowing money. Yeah, you gotta stop borrowing. Ken is right. What do you do? Yes, Ken is right. Like What we do. Like you got in this mess because y'all are trying to do too much and you don't have enough money for it. So if you can't afford EveryDollar to get a budget, you better get it out on paper. You can Afford it. You spend more on pizza delivery. Okay. You can afford it. This is The Ramsey Show.


The right questions are the key to unlock personal and professional potential. It means if you're not where you want to be, you are not asking the right questions. I'm Ken Coleman and this is what my new show Front Row Seat is all about. Over my career, I've had the distinct privilege to interview successful people from all walks of life. And to coach over 10,000 professionals who wanted more. What sets successful people apart is a never ending desire to learn and grow. Each week I'll be joined by industry leaders and world class experts to have a conversation about how to get better, move up and lead well in work and life. But the best part of this show is you get to be a part of the conversation. Live in Studio will have a group of professionals just like you, who have the power to ask questions and steer the discussion in real time. It's an opportunity to get real answers to real questions, like how to make the right decisions, have hard conversations, live a balanced life, and discover your Next Steps to grow. Join us every Tuesday for conversations that are guaranteed to surprise, challenge, and inspire you. Check out Front Row Seat wherever you get your podcasts.