
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create real, actual amazing relationships. I'm Jade Warshaw, your host, your other host today, Dr. John Delony. He is the author of Building a Non-Anxious Life. He's also the host of The Dr. John Delony Show, which is popping off. If I do say so myself, we'll be taking your calls to numbers triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5, get in where you fit in and we'll Give you the best adv advice that we can muster up for you. Dude, get in where you fit in. Get in where you fit in. What's that from? That's, that's A T-shirt, right? There. It is. I don't know where I got that from.


I like that. All right, let's do it. Let's chop it up. We got Jacob in a Dallas Tejas. What's going on? Hey, can you guys hear me? We Can. Awesome. Love your guys show, John. Absolutely love your show. Been a long time listener. Super. Thanks man. Appreciate you dude. Super stoked. What's up? Yeah, So I got two part question for you. This might not be as much of a money question as it is a relational question, so do with it what you will. My wife and I moved to Dallas around five months ago and it's been super rough since we got here. We're finally getting our feet underneath us. We both got jobs.


She got a job in marketing and I'm in the end stages of my background investigation with the local police department in the area. We are on track with the baby steps doing all this stuff, and she's having a really hard time at her job. And her boss is being a real jerk. And I don't know my place as her husband, where it, where it crosses the line for me to step in and speak to him. A little bit of background, so you guys know what I'm talking about. He is a very stubborn guy. She's running a business for him or he is trying to market this new product and essentially start up a business and he put a lot of trust in her from the beginning to hire a team and be that person for his business.


And he put it in her hands. And he's been super indecisive this whole time and shortening the deadline of launch to now six weeks where it's supposed to take nine months and she's got her hands up in the air. Like, what do I do? Do You trust your wife Jacob? I trust my wife so much. She, so Alright, stay outta this completely. She's a grownup and this is where she works. Like that's what I'm thinking. Know, it's Real tempting to take this back to like recess and be like, you talked to my girlfriend, this is a place of business. If she doesn't like it, she can walk out the front door. Right. That's what I think. That's what I just don't know the boundary because when he starts speaking to my wife in a way that is extremely dishonoring in front of her Coworker, she gets up and walks out the door.


Exactly. Okay. That's what I was thinking. Why hasn't she? Yeah, Well we're in a little bit of a place where we need the money right now, so we're in a position where we hate it, where it's like, babe, I can't just have you walk out right now, which is what I want to be able to do, but no, My, my dignity's not for sale place to do and my wife's dignity. Dignity's not for sale either, y'all. Do y'all have little kids? No. Okay, then it may be that I'm gonna put my enrollment in the academy on hold 'cause I'm gonna go work three jobs so that my wife can get outta this mess. But y'all have created a world where you feel like I gotta, we gotta, we gotta put up with this. We, when Jade and I we're always talking about freedom, Dave, every, we're always talking about freedom, freedom, freedom.


This is exactly what we're talking about. 'cause if y'all don't owe anybody any money, then you laugh and smile at the student and be like, dude, we out. Right. I'm not, no one's gonna talk to me that way. Yes. But y'all feel trapped. What is, what would it take for you guys to financially for you, for her to be able to walk out the door? Just, I think the smart choice is finding another job before she leaves. 'cause we've had little to no income since we've been in Dallas. Just For No, I mean, it's so bad you're about to do something stupid. What do you mean? Like, you're about to go confront another grown man at a place, at his place of business where he pays your life. Oh, I, I, I want to in the fact that that's my wife, but I I know that's not the smart choice.


I'm not gonna do That. No, no, but I'm saying like, it's that bad. It's that bad. I mean, and you called in here saying, should you do that? So you you definitely considered it. Let's be honest about that. Okay. What does she make, what does she earn, what does she earn at that job Around? Well, she takes 'em around $4,000 a month. Okay. What? Yeah. Other, other could, is there something that she could find in her field to replace $4,000 a month? I'm thinking Yes. Yes. No question in my mind. Sure. We've had a long journey trying to find a job though. She's had a lot of interviews and people just don't wanna hire for some reason. So this is the first job that she's actually gotten hired since she's Been looking. But it's not the last job she'll get hired in. Understood.


That's the thing. You gotta, and the other, Right, the other kicker is, in a month I'm gonna be on the police department's payroll. So it's like, okay, we only have one month to, to pledge this. You know? So what's the, I don't know. 'cause I keep telling her, I don't want to overstep. You have your thing to do with your boss, but also this would, If she were to call in today, what would she be telling us? In, in what manner Does she, is she saying every, is she coming home every day saying, I want to quit, I wanna quit. Or is she coming home every day just being like, gosh, my, my boss is such a jerk. What a, what a butthead. And is she not talking about Quitting? No. She, she loves her job and the team that she works with, she just can't get anything done when she's at work because her boss is a jerk and won't, he doesn't trust her to do the job that he hired her To do.


This is you busy bodying brother. This is between her and her workplace. Okay. Why, why? You see what I'm saying? Like, if she loves her job, she loves the work, she loves the challenge. She just has an annoying boss And Yeah. But I, I'm just sitting here listening to her talk and I'm like, okay, So then, so maybe that's the boundary, right? That might be a conversation. If she's coming home every day and she's, you know, trashing her job, it's making you feel confused. You can have that conversation with her to say, listen, if you love your job and you're happy, but you come home every day and complain, it makes me think that you need to move on. If you don't or she Maybe don't. Yeah. She's using you as a, as a garbage bin. Yeah, right. For all the bad stuff. And if you don't want me to think that you need to move on, then I need to hear both sides of the story. I need to hear the positive stuff.


And in that way it's a little bit more balanced. And we're just normal people talking about day-to-day life. And I, I, I, dude, I was bad about that. I'd come home and tell my wife all the stuff, the good, but also, man, this guy did this and this guy did that until she finally said, Hey, I, I can't solve any of these problems, but you're continuing just to come home and fill our communication with negative, negative, negative, negative either quit. And when she said that, I was like, I don't wanna quit. And I realized, oh, all she's getting is the worst parts of the day. Yeah. And that was on me, and I had to change that. But that took her drawing a boundary, a relational boundary saying I can't, if you have something awful that you wanna share with me that we're gonna, that you want me to sit with you in it, we're gonna grieve it.


'cause we're getting ready to do something different. Awesome. Yeah. I'm all in. But if it's just to complain, I'm, I'm kind of over that. I don't wanna hear that all the time. Yeah, because if you're gonna complain that much, at some point you do have to take action, right? So it's like, it's the old piss or get off the pot kind of analogy. Can I say that, James? That's all right. Well, we just did, And, and you're, you're sitting there, you're like, you're about to get yourself kicked off the police force before you even join. I know, yes. By accosting a dude in His own parking lot, I cannot assault this guy and like cuss him out in the parking lot. Yeah. I do think a valid question, a valid question is are you asking for my advice or my wisdom or you, or do you just want me to listen? I love that. That's Good, John. And that's a question that will frame any of these conversations, because if you want your opinion, she wants your opinion, you're gonna give it to her.


But otherwise, I'm just gonna sit here and I'm gonna listen. And dude, I get it. When somebody talks to your wife, you get all riled up like it's middle school again, it's her job. She's a professional. You trust her. She's smart. Let her handle her business. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable in Field of Greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or Field of Greens will Give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw, this is Dr. John Delony. Hey, give us a call, the number's triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. We'll talk about your life, your money, whatever it is that's going on in your life. We'd be happy to share our opinions with you. Alright, let's go to the phone lines. We got Elizabeth in Santa Cruz, California. What's going on, Elizabeth? Hi Jaden. John, my question is, does it make sense to accept a gift of $1 million from my in-laws to purchase a house? And I can dive into some more context. Please. I'm happy to accept it on your behalf if you don't want it. 1 million. $1 million. Woo. Yeah, tell us more about I need to know more.


My husband and I are in our late twenties. Our income is 194,000 per year. We have no debt. And we would like to start a family in a couple years. I be, I would anticipate our income dropping down to 120,000 if I reduced my hours to take care of a baby. If the gift didn't exist, we would just keep renting and saving for five more years while my husband finishes a PhD and then we would move somewhere more affordable because yeah, we really don't ever anticipate being able to buy a house in Santa Cruz, California. However, yeah, my in-laws offered to give us this $1 million as a gift specifically to buy a house here in Santa Cruz.


And that money's coming from my husband's deceased grandmother's trust. I guess I'm just concerned that a $1 million house in our financial context is just a little out of proportion and it really would be nearly a hundred percent of our net worth, even though it's, it's just a normal house, like a three bedroom, nothing too crazy. It's just that it's Santa Cruz, Right? You're in a what's your take inflated market? For sure. Yeah. My question is, okay, so this is from grandmother's trust. Was this money that was gonna be his, he's just, they're just giving it to him early or No, Or it truly is a gift?


Theirs Is theirs and it would be a gift. And go ahead, John. What are the strings attached to this? Are they cool? I mean, if It has to be in Santa Cruz, if my, yeah, if, if my in-laws said, Hey, we would like to bless y'all with a million dollars to buy a house. My in-laws are amazing. There'd be no strings attached to it. I would, I would gladly accept that gift. Yeah, I know many who don't. Or like Jade said, I'm gonna Give you a million dollars to buy a house, but you'll buy it in the zip code. I tell you, you're gonna buy it in and if y'all ever get transferred removed, that's our money that we're gonna extract from the sale of this. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. I wonder about that.


That's where it gets really, really messy. So I think it just depends, Right? How much of this trust is this million dollars? Is it a, is it a $50 million trust? And this is just one of the millions? Yeah, I wanna know that. I, To be honest, I am not sure the full amount, but I think it's less than a fifth. Less than a fifth of it. Okay. So it's a lot of money. So Nobody's starving here. No. Okay. Let me ask you this, let just level with us real quick. How does that make you feel? Because I, I to, you know, this is a little bit different from what John said, but I, I don't even know what that looks like. And I feel like I would be so overwhelmed by a gift like that.


It, it might be hard to take. How do you feel? Does it make you be like, yes, we hit the jackpot? Or are you like, oh, my, my my like, I don't know, what do you think? I am intimidated just imagining our net worth, like ballooning and exploding, like that overnight fills me with some anxiety. I would just wanna take care of that money very well and Be a good steward over. Can I ask, can I ask you where that anxiety comes from? Is it, is it because those people, those people are the ones that have a million dollars, not people like us, right? Maybe, maybe a little bit of a feeling of Ill-gotten gain somehow.


Well, can I interject? Because there is part of this that, and you can tell me at any point, Elizabeth, if you're like, no, that's not what I mean. But like there is something to be said for when you walk step by step and you gain, you, you know, you're growing and you're gaining your net, net worth little by little as opposed to, to It grows. It's like, it's like, it's like a toddler waking up and being 17 all of a sudden. Right? Right. As opposed to, you know, we see folks who win the lottery and they're like, ah, I just won the lottery and they're all excited. But then you talk to 'em five, 10 years later and it's busted. So I could see where there's some anxiety there. Why is this different from that, John? Well, I Or is it different? I remember A great theologian once said that sometimes people can be as proud of the things that they don't have as people are of the things that they do.


So there is, there can be an ethos. I'm not that kind of, I would never spend that kind of money on a house. I'd never buy that kind of car. Right? And if, like, Dave used this example, you have $200 million in your net worth and you gave away $20 million last year and you buy a $200,000 car, that ratio is very similar. Sure. Right. To somebody who gave somebody $20, right. Or buy a $20 car. So all that to say is, if your identity is, I don't do stuff like that, then I would, I would tell you maybe check that. And there's a pretty extraordinary gift and an opportunity to set your family up in a community where you're gonna have family, et cetera. And also, if the thought of going to bed every night, here we are, y'all, and by the way, you're, y'all make 190 grand.


Y'all are clearly smart and doing great. Right? But this idea that I, I just can't go from zero to 75 that fast. Like that's, that's too much for me to wrap my head around. Then gently decline and say, no thank you. What if you just said, Hey, a million feels overwhelming. Is there a way that we could, you know, we've been trying to save for a down payment. Can you help us get to the down payment that we've been trying to afford? Maybe there's somewhere in the middle or Maybe they buy the house and you rent from them. Oh, No, I don't like that. You don't like that? No. All right. I don't know why I just, I feel like that's even more tangled because they're still renting. Yeah. I I, if, if you have a great relationship with them, I wouldn't lose sleep over taking the money, but I'd want every, everything clear.


Like if we decide to sell this house, is this a gift? Is this a loan? Is this a down payment? I want all that in writing. I want all that clear. I want everybody to have all hearts clear before we make a big decision like this. But if there's a second of hesitation when it comes to strings or I just feel gross about then, then just say No thank you. And That's okay. What's your husband think? He, I think he's also a little bit anxious about being able to maintain and take care of a $1 million house on, on arc income. Just Work. Well, wouldn't you be paying for it so you wouldn't Yeah, you wouldn't spend more than a million. Right. And it's a Santa Cruz house. So it's, it's probably 1700 square feet, three bedrooms, one bath, right?


Yep. That's correct. So you're just Mowing the lawn. So yeah, you mowing a lawn, the roof's gonna be the roof, right? So yeah, you make a, you make 200 grand a year. Y'all have, y'all could cover the, the repairs and things on a house like that. Okay. I'm feeling better about it already. Okay, good. But, But listen to your husband's intuition. If he knows his mom and dad and he knows, oh man, if they give us a million dollars, we are gonna hear about this every Christmas, every Thanksgiving for the rest of our lives. Basically. They're for a million dollars. They're buying our, our loyalty. They're buying their grandkids, like in proximity. Like, I don't wanna be on the hook to anybody. Listen, You can look it back.


You can look back on the track record. Let's, let's play that out. Have they, are they generous people? Are they always giving gifts? You know, big or small? How have they been, you know, whenever they've offered a gift or is this their first time? 'cause this is worth noting, if they are also receiving a windfall for a first time, they may not know how they're gonna be as gift givers. Does that make it sense? Like if I, let's just pretend if I won the lottery today and I'm like, Ooh, I won the lottery. I'm gonna help my whole family out and I start giving away a million dollars to each of them. I might go into it thinking that I won't have any strings attached, but because I've never tested that before, you might realize, dang, a million dollars It has, it does have an emotional hold on you and you do have an expectation for what they'll do.


I thought that you could pick up the phone and be like, you're not buying that car. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, whoa. Yeah. Yeah. So there is part of this that you do need to consider. Like, are, were, were your in-laws already wealthy people and they've already been generous, or is this new for them? So these are some I like this conversation. I do too. It's a fun conversation and it's such an, it's such an obnoxious amount of money, right? For most of us, it might happen at 10,000 or 2000 or 500 or whatever. But I think that idea about strings and can y'all sleep at night is good. And I also like, man, if it's your ego holding you back, check that. Check that. Ooh, I kind of, if it were me, she can do what she wants. This is not a right or wrong answer. I feel like I'd be comfortable with the taking the down payment on the house that we would've bought, that we would've been able to afford.


Right? You're just getting there a little bit sooner. I feel like that's fair. And the stable option. I take the million. I'll take the million. Alex, this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz. Just about everything costs more these days and healthcare is no exception. So if you're looking at your healthcare options during open enrollment, be sure to check out Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM is not health insurance. It's a biblically based health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families just like yours with healthcare costs. CHM is affordable, aligns with your values and gives you more options for your healthcare. And you can join at any time, including open enrollment. Find out more and join today at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. This is The Ramsey Show. Give us a shout. We're talking money, mental health, marriage, whatever you got going on, we're here for you. Let's go out to Sarah in San Francisco. What's up Sarah? Sarah. Hi. How are you doing today? So good. How are you? I'm good. What's up? Okay, So my, my question is, I went straight to culinary school from high school Cool. Back in 2003. Thank you. My mom took out a loan for me because I was 17. Okay. The original loan was 30,000. Okay. We agreed to split it 50 50. Soon as I graduated, I was giving her money every month I was staying with her 'cause I didn't have the money, but I was giving her money every month.


I eventually realized that she was not paying on the student loan at all. When I found out she apologized and she said that she would, she would start paying. I continued to give her money every month. As you can imagine, I wasn't making very much money at that time. And I, I then again, discovered she was not applying any of that money towards the, the student loan. I How much, How much have you given her so far, Sarah? Yeah. So I am not sure exactly because I wasn't counting, but I do know that I gave her, when, when we talked, I, I gave her at least 5,000. Okay. How did, how did you give it?


Was it a check? How did you do that? I was giving her cash. I was giving her $200 Every Month Towards that. Oh man. Every month towards that. Well, I was making, I was making minimum wage. I was working. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. At anyway. So is Is your, is your name on the loan or your mom's name? Yeah. Your mom's name is on the loan? Only my mom. Okay. It's a parent plus loan. So the reason why I know now all this information is because recently she came to me and she brought up this loan because after a while I just stopped giving her money. How Long has it been? So, Whew. 2003. Oh girl. Okay. So Recently she brought up this loan and she asked me for a lump sum money. She asked me for about $20,000.


And I'm like, I don't have that kind of money. I can't Give you that. And we didn't agree. I I've been giving you money, blah, blah, blah. Long story short, I looked into the loan. She owes over $70,000. Okay? Oh God. Sarah, listen. Oh Lord, this is, Oh geez. Oh gosh. All it, I'm sorry. I had to let a little bit of my, had to let it out a little bit. It's Really scary and I don't dunno what to do. Here's What's, here's what's not scary about it. Yeah. Okay. There is some scary, my, but it's, I don't think it's what you think it is. Okay. Here's the scary, your, you and your mom's relationship is different from this point forward. Okay?


Okay. And the sooner you come to terms with the fact that your mother did not uphold your end of the agreement, I can tell you all day, I think the agreement was dumb. And sh y'all should never have set that up. It was, it was d destined to create a wedge between a mother and a daughter. But here we are. Mm. Okay. She has decided to not sit down and be the adult and say, I took out a loan. Here's every month for the next however many years. Here's what you're gonna pay me. Here's how this is gonna work. I'm gonna keep a spreadsheet. I'm gonna mark off every date. All that like a bank would do. Yep. It, you basically funded her lifestyle in a tiny little way. And then she comes knock on your door 20 years later asking for $20,000.


Yeah. Do you know who's not on the hook for this money? You, Sarah, none. You, you are not on the hook. You look, you are not on the hook for this money. Now this is your mom. And I know that you feel some level of guilt or, but I should probably, I believe that. But you, you gave her the money, you gave it to her, But she's retired. That doesn't, it doesn't matter at this, literally at this point. Anything you say about to try to like, make it better, I'm gonna tell you it doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. You gave her the money. She chose, she chose. And now for whatever reasons that she has, which don't matter, she wants that money back from you. Well, The loan is probably, is it tripled?


It's triple, is it 80 or 90,000 bucks? Now? It's 70, it's 70,000. It's 70,000 and some change. And now she's making me feel like, Here's what you, here's what you could do. She doesn't hold on. She doesn't get to, you're allowing her to get inside you and to make you feel a certain way. You decide who has permission to hurt you. Period. Now that's harder when it's our mom. 'cause our mom should be the one person on the planet that's always got our side right? And yours doesn't. Right? Okay. And I, I hate that for you. But she's not making you feel bad. You're choosing to feel bad on her behalf. Okay? You gotta own that.


You gotta own that. Okay? Here's what you could do. Now you said to your, you said if you were really interested in feeling very clean, walking away from this situation, you said that the loan was 30,000 and you were supposed to split it. So that would be 15 k on you. Now if you're telling me, Hey, I paid 5,000 towards this loan, I know that I paid 5,000, give her another 10 K and say, Hey, I, I paid my half. And that would've been it. Okay? If you wanted to do that and just say, I know I paid 15, you didn't do your thing, whatever. You could do that, but you're not on the hook for this. Alright? So Sarah, if that's what I was gonna say, Sarah, if I'm in, if this is me, like I'm just, I'm fast, I'm, I'm thinking about this being my mom, okay?


And we sit down, what I would say is exactly what Jade said, but I would, I would, I would add one extra layer. I would put a payment plan in front of her. Yeah. And say, I agreed to pay $15,000 of a $30,000 loan. I'm gonna pay you 20 back. And I'm going to already say I've already given you five. And that's on the low end. So I'm gonna pay you $15,000 and here's what I can pay over the next 12 months, 15 months, 24 months. You and, And you make the payment. Don't hand her any more money. I make the payment. Yes. Okay. So directly to the, if I, if I give it directly to the place, well, they now want my information. Nope. Or Does it matter? No, just get the log in and pay it. Say, mom, the only way you're getting this money is I sit right next to you.


We log in and we pay it. 'cause you're not handing her, you're not funding her ridiculousness. 'cause she has not been a good steward with money. So that is ridiculousness. And you're not gonna hand her $15,000 to do whatever it is that she's been doing. Which whatever that was caused a student loan to triple All right? I mean, really bad. So we're not participating in that. Really? Yes. Yeah. Really bad. Okay. Really bad. So here's another thing we're gonna do for you. Bad Sarah. I'm gonna Give you, I'm gonna Give you a year of FPU, okay? And she might not, but she's still got $55,000 left to pay off after you write her a check. And so if she wants to, you can sit down and put these videos on and y'all can come up with a plan.


It's not too late for her either. We deal with folks all the time in their fifties, sixties who are figuring it out. And it's not too late. Thank you. But you get to make that choice. Thank you so much. She gets to make that choice. Okay? So hang on the line here. We're gonna hook you up. Thank you. And hope Thank you. And maybe even say, I'm gonna Give you $15,000, which is five grand more. But you gotta sit down and watch these videos with me. Yep. 'cause you got $55,000. And listen, if she starts hassling you starts saying, oh, you're just gonna leave your mama to what? You can always stand up and walk out the door. And that's hard, hard, hard. But remember this line behavior's, a language. And if your mom chooses to swear at you, get mad at you, send you on guilt trips that you can't afford.


She's telling you through her language. I don't want you around here. I don't value you. And so I'm gonna hear what you're saying through your actions. And I'm gonna head out the door until we can have a grownup conversation. It's gonna be hard, hard treading. You're gonna have to grieve the loss of your mom. Yeah. Or your new relationship with your mom. 'cause things are different Now, Dude, money does weird things to people, John, but This is why, I mean, I can't Money, money makes People Act up though, like It does. But, but co-signing on loans, man. Just, I I've never seen it work. Well, It doesn't work. I haven't seen it work. Well, It doesn't work. Co-signing is, is stupid. And especially if you have, listen, if you've taken a loan out with your kids and y'all have like car payment loan, you just pay me back or you Too.


No, no. Put it in a spreadsheet. Be adults and say, you owe me this much on this date. In this Way. Yes. And, and, and, and think about this. She said she was 17 when her mom signed that loan. Adults be adults, right? And understand that your kids were kids and you were adulting them at that time. Do not come after these folks for these parent plus loans, right? You, You signed Them. Parent, parent plus that means parent plus your money. The the bank that's who's paying it off the bank Looked at your kid and said, I'm not giving him money. And you said, well, you can give it to me. I'm trustworthy. Yeah. Be trustworthy. Be trustworthy. Be trustworthy And pay. Ah, pay your bills. Parents act like parents. Parents act like parents.


I'm gonna have to get the preparation H out. Hey John, I need the to call out. We'll be right back.


Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one. And replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com.


This is The Ramsey Show. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. I'm John Delony, joined here by Jade Warshaw. Is your marriage going sideways? Give us a shout. Are you struggling with your mental health or you got money questions or you just don't know what to do with your kids? Holler at us. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's go out to Chris in Springfield, Missouri. What's up Chris? How we doing? Hey man, before I start, I just wanted to say thank you to you guys and everybody at Ramsey Solutions since I was younger. You've had a really positive impact on me and my financial decision. So cool. I just wanna say for that. Well thanks brother.


I appreciate it, ma'am. What's Happening? I think it would be important just to Give you guys a little bit of context on me and just my background before I ask my, so basically I've always been really good with my money. Over a few years. I was able to save up like $50,000, 40,000 of it was in my savings. And then 10,000 of it I had invested in mutual funds. I also am going to school, I like to say better than debt free because I'm going totally free. Good for you, man. Just through that's awesome.


Scholarships and a work study and stuff like that. So with that though, during all of that time that I was accumulating those funds, I was in an abusive relationship pretty much like anything negative you could think of. I'm sorry. She ded all that out. So it, it kind of messed me up. And when I was finally able to get out of it as a way of coping, I guess I started spending my money on a lot of stuff.


Sorry. You're all Right. Over like maybe eight months now. I've totally drained all my savings and I've pulled out all my investments and I've just spent it all crap. And I probably only have like, I don't know, maybe a little under $2,000 now. Okay. So I just, I don't really know where to go from here because my plan originally was once I get my bachelor's, you know, the deal that I kind have with my parents is like, once I'm done with college and I'm out of the house and that's just what it is.


And I was go to grad school and everything, but I'm just not really sure how to like go about doing that and just what to do financially anymore. So I think, you know, Dave's been saying for years, your money is just a reflection of what's going on in your heart and mind and soul and life. And so right now I wanna move the money conversation over. It's a big, it's a big neon sign letting you know that you're not all right right now. And I wanna tell you, having sat with people, I can't count how many people I've sat across the table with or sat next to who are trying to figure out who they are after leaving an abusive relationship and the chaos of, I still love that person, but that person deeply hurt me in a number of different ways.


I lost part of myself and I don't even know what that means and how to get that back. All of that stuff is all chaotic in a mess. And yeah, man, you, you got out your spending card and went, went bananas. What I would tell you is the sun came up today, right? That's true. Yeah. You got 2000 bucks and I don't wanna minimize you. You're gonna have some grief and you're probably gonna have some resentment. You're gonna have all that stuff, all those feelings, dude, listen to me. They're right. They're fine, they're good. They're right. The only thing you can do from this moment forward, you can't go back and edit sentences that have already been written.


They got a period at the end of them. You were in love with somebody that hurt you deeply. You broke up, you spent $48,000 in a spending spree to, to wallpaper over depression and grief and sadness. And here you are and the things you told us leading up to those moments, tell me that you are a strong kid and that you're a driven guy and you have accomplished a ton. We, we, very few of the adults that call into this show have $50,000 access, $50,000 cash. My brother, very few people call in and say, Hey, I figured out how to do college for free.


And so you had a plan and that plan's gonna be different now. You had a plan, you're just gonna waltz into grad school into your next job 'cause you had a big nest egg. Well, you don't have that anymore. So cool. Nothing about what you've told me suggests that you suddenly have lost the ability to work really hard. 'cause I know that's who you are. And nothing you've told me says suddenly you're dumb 'cause you're not. What you have told me is you're gonna have to spend some se a season grieving this. You're gonna have to go spend some time with a counselor, okay? And I would tell you that if you were my best friend or you're my brother, Okay? Okay? And you're gonna spend some time healing and you're gonna spend some time. Here's the, here's the uncomfortable truth about abusive relationships that people often don't hear.


It's real easy to be on the outside of that and to demonize the abuser. What people often fail to take into account is the person being abused loses trust in themself. I don't even trust me anymore. And now you've got 48,000 reasons to further not trust you. Right? What you're gonna have to do is learn to build trust in Chris again, that's just gonna take some practice, my man. Okay? Okay. Yeah. So here's the deal. I want you to hang on the line here. Are you, you're still in school, right? Yeah. I I got a year Left. Okay, here's why. That's pheno, that's fantastic. I'm so happy because that means you have access to a student counseling center that's gonna be outstanding.


And in a time when it's very hard to just call a therapist off the street and get an appointment, you're gonna be able to do that. So I want you to make that call today in exchange for making that call. We're gonna send you can Coleman's get clear as assessment. We're gonna send you his book, paycheck to Purpose. And I'm gonna send you my book, own Your Past, change Your Future. And that my whole book is what happens when you are sitting down and you realize you're an ash. And how do you take that next step out, okay? I'm grateful for the call man. And we love you and we'll help you any, every step of the way here. I just need you to hear me say, you're not broken, you're not dysfunctional, you didn't do anything wrong. I mean, you, you blew a bunch of money and I would laugh with you and High five you if we were sitting at the table.


And also, I don't believe Jade, I don't believe in the phrase too soon. That's just kinda me. But I I I'd high five you and then we would get on with, okay, what comes next? But you got some healing to do. Oh yeah. That's tough. I think you covered it. I don't, I'm not gonna add or take away How, I'm trying to think of how I've wrestled with moments in my life, Jade, when I've just flat out set my values on fire or I've set flat out, done something that I said I wasn't gonna do, or I've spent my time poking my finger at people who do things and then all of a sudden I look up six months later and I'm that guy now. Right? Right. You know, it's tough. I was sitting here trying to think of a, a similar situation.


I'm like, when have I been there? Like, what have I, and it, it's, you can really live in the past and wallow in like, man, what I did, I spent $48,000. How could I have done that? But then it's like, what are you gonna do next? And I I I think that's a, as a, as a culture, we have two narratives. One is you're always gonna be the worst thing you you've ever done. Yeah. The worst thing that ever happened to you, you're always gonna be the dumbest thing you've ever done. And then the other one is, if you have feelings and you're a coward and a wimp and you're weak, you just suck it up and grind it. And I think that's nonsense. I think the world is desperate for a new third way, which is we're gonna spend some time feeling sad and we're gonna have some grief. You went through hell and you did some dumb stuff.


Yeah. Let's Just acknowledge it. Yeah. And then we're gonna get the right people around us and 'cause we can't do it alone. We're get the right people around us and then we're gonna take the next crooked wobbly step forward to wherever it's we're going. Right? Yeah. Progress. Not necessarily perfection. Nobody's out here doing things perfect. We're all just trying to, just trying to make some kind of progress forward. Right? I mean, George Campbell tells us he's perfect. His hair is perfect. His hair is perfect. It's high. It's high and tight. Well, you should see the hair dryer he has back there. I've never seen it. It's the, he actually converted an old air conditioner. It's really an extraordinary, It's powerful. I need, I need to get on that then. Well, they have a special plug in there.


It's like a two 20. It, it's incredible. But hey, that's another hour in the books here on The Ramsey Show. Be kind to one another. Pay off your debts. We'll be right back.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey, it's that time of year, it's starting to get a little bit colder. It's getting a little bit dark earlier. And sometimes if you're like me, you just wanna stay inside and get cozy. And for me, my perfect cozy night is me and all of my family piled under blankets, watching a movie, sitting by the fire, maybe even reading a book. And listen, whatever your perfect night in looks like, sometimes therapy can feel a bit like that. A time when you can settle in. Finally exhale, replenish your energy and begin to take care of yourself. Therapy's a great way to bring yourself some comfort during the chaos and rush of the holiday season or any other time of year. Taking the time to pause and be mindful is one of the reasons I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist just about any time and just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a therapist and you can switch therapist for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build with, well get out of debt, do work that they love, and create incredible relationships and speak clearly. We help with that too. I'm John Delony, joined here by my friend Jade Warshaw. And we have the lines open. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. That's triple eight. 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's run out to New Hampshire and talk to Dylan. What's up Dylan? How are we doing? Hey, I just had a quick question for you both. I'm assuming John, you'll be able to answer this a little better, but you might.


Hey, I'm just kidding. I'm just joking. Way smarter than me. Rolls the out goes. So it would seem that my mom is boycotting my rehearsal and my rehearsal dinner because I changed a small plan. I don't know, I might be able to answer this one 'cause I know About that. Dude, I'm, I'm laughing with you man. So what, what'd you do Richard? What'd you, what did you change that was so bad? So I'll run it quick. So, you know, back months ago when we gave them the opportunity to kind of plan the dinner, it's not what we wanted originally. We told 'em, we, you know, we just wanted to have pizza and go back to the Airbnb and just have a good time with the bridal party.


But my mom absolutely insisted on paying for this and making, you know, a big dinner and we go out and all this and that. And obviously, you know, listening to you guys, I try to save as much money as possible. But she wasn't on board with that. And you know, I gave her the opportunity for months and months and months. And a few days ago I talked to her and told her, I'm like, Hey, we're really thinking about switching back to our original plan. And I was like, I'll Give you a few days to figure it out. Well, I just waited one day and I was like, you know what, I should do what I really wanna do. It's my special day. You know, and my, yeah, of course my fiance's too, but, and I decided, I'm like, Hey, this is what we're gonna do instead. So I didn, you know, kind of made Myself decision but didn't see this coming.


I didn't see this coming, but I want lean on you a little bit and you push back. Okay. Of course. Why would you take this from your mom? It's like a dinner that she's paying for Be Well just 'cause it's originally not what we wanted. And she, I, I should add to this too, she started inviting a bunch of people that we didn't want. There. There it is. There We go. Okay. And that too, Lead with that brother lead, lead with that. 'cause that that changes the Game. Well I but that wasn't, that wasn't the biggest issue. I don't think it's that she didn't really respect that we originally wanted to do something else. Sure. That's, that's, that's how I took It. Dylan, is there strings attached to this? As in, As in I'm doing this for you.


So somewhere down the line there's gonna be an expectation of something I want from you. You know, there I, I'm not gonna go as far as that, but it's not Profitability. Oh, I know, I Know about it. Alright, so here's, here's the deal. This is as, as heartbreaking and complicated as this is. This is very, very simple. You made a grownup choice. And with all grownup choices, there always comes grownup consequences to those choices. Unfortunately, your mom is choosing to act like a child. And I mean that with all due respect.


I don't like talking about people's mamas, but here we are. Oh, I've said it a few times. So one of the hardest things I think any of us will experience is when somebody, we love ops out of relationship with us because they're choosing to be immature. 'cause they're making our whatever, how we're raising our kid, what school our kid goes to, our choice of diet, our whatever you wanna say. They make our lives about them. Yeah. And she is choosing to not be in relationship with you and your wife during your big day. And that just hurts. And so it's a both end.


I want you to spend time, even just for a few minutes saying like, this sucks, man. I want my mom in my wedding. I hate that she's acting like this. And you and I both know she acts like this in other things too. This isn't isolated, right? No, not at all. Awesome. Anne, can I add something? Of course. She's gonna come to your dinner. Well, Hoping I think she's gonna come. I'm Hoping, I'm hoping. So. I would write her A letter I letter so bad. Hey, I would write her a letter that she can go back to over and over and over again and say, we really, it would mean the world to us that you come, I know that you, you wanted a big, a big thing and I'm so grateful that you're honoring us to this one. We really want you here. Yeah. I mean, the thing is that, I mean, she won't even come to the rehearsal, which I, which is the worst part to me.


I'm okay if she didn't wanna come to the dinner. She's saying that rowdy, she's saying that. And I don't know her. So I may be totally off base. I think that this is her last ditch effort to get her way on this. And my, yeah, I would probably be willing to put couple, I put some chips on the table on this that she's gonna end up there. I don't think she's gonna miss her son's major days over this. Now, maybe I don't know her and, and I'm com completely wrong. But something tells me that when the rubber hits the road, she's gonna be there. What About your old man? Have you talked to him about it? Yeah, I actually spoke to him today and he just initially, you know, it's the first time. Also, keep in mind, my mom, my mother won't talk to me at all.


She will not talk to me. Of Course. But you ruined her life, jerk. Oh, you know, yeah, absolutely. You're ripping her heart out. But I did speak to my dad this morning and he was saying that she just feels hurt and that it doesn't have anything to do with the dinner, which I don't believe. 'cause this kind of stuff has happened before, which he doesn't get her way and this, which I don't believe, but, well, He's probably been covering her for her for a long time too, right? Oh, of course. Yeah. Yeah. I mean obviously he has to take her side in most cases. And I don't blame him, But yeah, no, I mean, yeah, no, I spoke to him and So she'll talk to you told me the best, the best I can tell you is I, what I would do in your situation. And that would be, I would write a letter and I would do my best to deliver it by hand. If you all in the same, if y'all live in the same community, put it in her mailbox by hand.


I Was at her house yesterday. Okay. And let her have something. 'cause listen, if you call her, if you text her, she is going to hear that one time in her through her filter of Dylan is trying to ruin my life. Yeah, Yeah. And Dylan's gonna embarrass me because I'm in charge of the dinner and everyone's gonna ask me why I just did pizza. And it, it, it's all about her. But if you write it down exactly, people can go back to the letter and back to it and back to it. And sometimes, not always, but sometimes that truth as a way of distilling itself down and she can rest. And he wants me there. Him and his wife are just trying to do things a little bit differently.


It's not about me, et cetera. And you hope that's the case, but we all have family. That's what I'm hoping. But that's a great idea's, not the Truth. And tell your dad, we really, really want both of y'all there. Oh, I told, I told him that. I, I told him that this morning when I spoke to him. Like if the worst case scenario happens, I'm like, please dad be at my wedding. Yes. Like, at the very least I'm like, yeah. So yeah, no, it's pretty crazy. But anyway, I hate it For you. I hate it for you. No, I appreciate it. Thank you though. But yeah, that was pretty much it. I appreciate you guys. Yeah, I don't get to, it's not every day I get to talk to somebody who just willy-nilly rips his mom's heart out. Right. Jake? Dude, Look, when it comes to these weddings playing, doing it's like that. Like if I had done what all the parents had wanted, I would've been married in a different state.


I would've been got, I would've gotten married on a different date. I would've gotten married, you know, in a different dress. Like they all have their preferences, but at the end of the day, it is your, it's your advice. It's your day, it's Your thing. And sometimes it's just a dinner. Do the dinner. But if it is that big of a deal, you made a grownup choice. And that comes with grownup consequences. That's right. Hey, this is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back.


Hey, I'm excited to talk about a new sponsor. Burna. You all probably know I'm a gun guy, but I'm big on safety, so I'm also a burna guy. Burna is the un Gunn a less lethal option that protects you in more ways than one. A burner is effective self-defense when you need it. It also helps protect your assets from lawsuits if you have no choice but to use force because a burn a pistol, immobilizes attackers without fatal harm. I have several Burna pistols and I love them. In fact, I had a burner before they started advertising with us. They're easy to use with no recoil and no noise reduction needed. They're legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped right to your door and you can train with a burner right in your backyard. Plus our listeners can get the RAMSEY Burna bundle for 10% off, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo, and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off for RAMSEY fans. See why Berna has more than 15,005 star reviews. Just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave.


Hey Dave RAMSEY here. Dr. John Delony and I are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. You. The audience will vote to choose the topics we talk about things that impact your life, like investing in your future, money, stress, and marriage, and more. We're coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth, and Phoenix in April and May, 2025. Tickets are at their lowest price right now. Grab yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


This is The Ramsey Show, triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. If you're a new listener and you wanna know what we're even talking about when we talk about things like the baby steps and the snowball and all those things, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on the get started button. We're gonna help you figure out the next best step for you in your financial journey based exactly where you are today. A lot of times people say, well, that call didn't have anything to do with me. We can tailor make this thing for you. Okay. Ramsey Solutions dot com, click on get started and we'll walk you to Debt Freedom. From there, let's go out to Lane in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.


What's up, lane? Hey John. Hey Jade. How are you guys? We're good. How are you? Pretty good. Pretty good. Can't complain. Excellent, man. What's up? So basically, I just wanted to, I guess, say thank you for you guys or to you guys just for teaching what you teach. I guess for some context. My wife and I are, I'm, I'm 23, my wife's 21. We have a 15 month old daughter, and like three, four days ago, our house got wiped out by a tornado. No, Shoot, man. Y'all, everybody's okay. Yeah. In Calgary's. Okay. Wait, where are you? So we actually live about an hour, hour north of Calgary, near Didsbury.


I don't know if that means anything to you, but Yeah. So I didn't know They had that kind of weather there. Is that normal We Do now? Yeah. So this was the biggest tornado in Alberta in the last 36 years. Wow. There was Quite a few farms taken out. We rural. Yeah. So thankfully there were more people, but no one was hurt, by the way. Thank goodness. Good man. But yeah, if anyone was in our house, they would've been, well no more. We'll put it that way. Wow. But like we, we, we have most of our stuff, you know, we don't have a house. We're living with my mom for the time being, and we'll transfer into other things, but I just, you know, when it happened, like we hightailed it over there.


And I, I guess to, to put it in a way that makes sense, like, I don't, I don't care financially, like we have the insurance. Like we're, we're on, we're on baby step four, five, and six. Oh good man. We, we have an emergency fund and like, I was way more worried to make this call to talk to you guys than it was about our house being wiped out. Wow. PR perspective. And I just wanted to say thank you and means the world that you guys teach us stuff. And I'm my mother-in-law that actually introduced me to you guys. And man, I'm so grateful because I don't know where we'd be otherwise, Dude, that means the world that you, that you took the time to call Lane Circle back and Yeah. Appreciate it. And I think it's important for everybody to know that Jade and I have no illusions. We know we're just a couple of knuckleheads on the radio.


You did it. You're the one actually working man. And for sure. Wow. Good for you. Good for you for, I'm glad everybody's safe and okay. And I'm glad that y'all get to make the next step position the next step move from a position of strength, not a position of desperation. That's, that's incredible, man. Wow. And great place to be. Well, dude, I'm really grateful that you circled back and gave us a shout, dude, that that means the world to us. You know, John, people say all, you know, people call in and, and they, they thank us and they're happy with the results of the plan. And you know, we said, and we weren't joking around. He's the one that did the, the work there. And I think sometimes we've seen it on previous calls.


I think sometimes with financial peace University people kind of get it in their head that it's a magic trick. And that if I just take the class, the class will do its magic work and I'll be magically where I want to be financially. And that's not how it is at all. You get the information and you get to choose whether or not you're gonna implement it. You get to choose whether or not you're going to go all in. 'cause I mean, when you really stop at, like, we know, we know it's a plan that works for people who choose to work it. We know that it's helped millions of people get out of debt and change their lives and not just get outta debt, but go on to build wealth and become, you know, baby steps millionaires and things like that. And, but those are the people they choose to show up every week.


Right. Because it's nine weeks. So they choose to say, this is a priority for me for nine weeks. I'm gonna cut out and carve out this area of my time. I'm gonna show up whether it's in person or online. 'cause you get your choice. And they're the heroes in this story. It's not us. We get to, like you said, be on here and, and be goof offs on the radio. And for some reason people listen to us and it's amazing. But they're the ones who carve out that time. They do the work and they're the ones that see the turnaround. They see that improvement. And it doesn't take long. Most of the people who really dig into financial Peace University, man, they're seeing like $8,000 turnarounds, lickety split, you know, within the first 30 days and things like that. So this, that call was really a testament to not only it, it's not about the plan, it's about the plan plus, plus the person.


Right. And plus their involvement in it. And that's when it works. So if anybody's interested in going through the same plan that helped my guy out, come on, tornado blew down his house, and yet here he is, financial Peace University. You can find that. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash fpu. And one more thing, and this is for everybody listening, we have a bad psychology where I'll forever remember right after nine 11 happened and all of the, I don't remember if it was the Senate of the house, the Congress was, was on the steps of the White House singing together.


And it was this moment. Yeah. And humans have an ability to come together and madness and make clearheaded next Right. Decisions. But man, we make the stupidest decisions in times of It's all good. It's all good. We just pretend reality doesn't count. Yeah. And so Short memories. Yes. And So I don't mean this in a, in a caustic way at all, but what happened to Elaine will happen to all of us. Hmm. Life will come at us. Moms will get sick, kids will have issues. Tornadoes will hit houses. It's not a matter of if, it's a matter of when.


Yeah. And so this plan, and I say this plan, living a life where you don't owe anybody anything, you said it earlier, living a life where I am fully empowered to be as free as possible in my health, in my relationships, in my finances, in where I work. An ability to stand up tall in a culture that is so disempowering, Man, chopping you down When it comes, the most annoying thing will be who's gonna call to the air conditioner person who's I wanna call in and say thank you. And I'm nervous about that. That's the hardest part losing my house. That it, it will come. Do you have a group of people with you that you can weep with? Do you have an emergency fund?


Do you have these things? 'cause it's gonna come's. Right. And we had thousands and thousands of years of farmers who knew this, don't, don't go through all your grain. You're gonna have a couple of years where it doesn't rain's. Right. That's life. And in two short generations, we've just thought we're smarter than nature. Yeah. And we can beat it all with our, with our smarts and our technology. It doesn't work, man. It will come for you. You make a great point because it's true. And I don't say this to be like a fatalist or to be negative, it's life. But you cannot plan your life based on best case scenarios. Like so many times people call in, and I've been guilty of it. It's like you have this idea of something you can do, but if you really stop to break through, break down your plan, everything has to be perfect in order for it to work.


And it won't. Right. Not, not one domino can fall in order for it to work. Right. And then what happens? That one domino falls that you never perceived could fall and you're like, holy crap, everything's caving in on me. And I don't, and and that's, that's why things like this are so important. I mean, one, one call, we had the girl's got diabetes, right? And she's trying to get her medication. How great would it be if that's never an issue for her. Again, she's just got the money piled up. She's got the financial piece. You know, the, you, I heard you talking about your electricity, electricity problems. And it's like to just be able to up, I mean, you can just up and pay that bill, but I know there's plenty of people listening who if something happened and the electrical went out on their house, they'd be up a creek.


'cause there's no margin, there's no, there's no room for error. My AC went out the other week, it was happened to be one of the hottest days, and my husband was out of town. The, you know, it was like, no big deal. Alright. Nobody likes to pay for things like that. But do you know what I'm saying? Like, just to have that peace of Yeah, we're good. It's that peace. It's the peace. But life's coming, the tornado's coming. And again, it's not a fatalist thing, it's not a Ooh, we're fear mongers. No, it's just life. We, we, we just do life with people who are hurting. We wouldn't have a job if everything went right all the time. Alright. Right. And so, live a life where you're connected with other people. Live a life where you enjoy going to work.


Live a life where you don't owe anybody anything. And like I said a minute ago, in a world that is telling you, you can't survive without us. Stand up tall and say, yeah, I, as for me and my house, yes we can. We'll be right back


Between Christmas shopping and holiday get togethers. Investing might be the last thing on your mind. But there are certain things you might need to take care of before the year ends. And you don't have to do it alone. The Smart Vista program can connect you with a financial advisor near you. Whether you've got questions about retirement planning, required distributions, or anything in between, a smart Vestor Pro will walk you through what you need to know. Ed to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor to get connected. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart.


This is The Ramsey Show, triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. I'm John Delony, joined by Jade Warsaw. Let's go out to Destin, Florida and talk to Josh. What's up brother? Josh? Hey, how you doing? Good man. How are you? I'm okay. I appreciate you taking the call. You got it man. What's up? Oh, I guess I'll cut right to it. Sir, I've been following you guys for a little while trying to get my finances on track, but I've come to a decision I need to start handling my life and get some stuff on track and I wanna go to rehab So I can quit my drinking. Dude, I'm proud of it, man. I'm, hold on, hold, hold on.


Don't blow by that. That's huge. What led you here? There are millions and millions of people in the United States that need to make this decision and I want them to hear where you landed. You'll be a gift. Well, I mean, in the past I battled with other substance abuse issues and I let that go and cleaned from all that and I just kind of picked up the bottle and I'm just tired of it. Tired doing the same things over and over again. Tired of relying on something to feel like I need it to function. Awesome. I'm proud of you, man. I'm proud of you.


So how can we help? Well, pretty much my insurance situation, the only way to get into treatment, it covers most of it except for about $6,000. Okay. Six to $10,000 depending on location. So we're really not trying to get into any more debt. Sure. But I want to take care of this. The first question I would ask is often, and I'm talking about rehab places that are not like, like go to Malibu or you're in Destin. Not like a beachfront place. That's gonna be a resort.


Okay. Yeah. Often if you sit down places will wave the gap between the insurance and the the what? The cash out. Okay. It's, it, it's a, it's a, the equivalent of a scholarship program. So I would have that conversation with the place. Have you done that? I've Been calling and asking for scholarships. I've called hundreds of places. Probably You haven't called. Maybe It'll slight exaggeration, But Yeah, A lot. A big exaggeration, But yeah. Yes. And nobody will wave the gap. No, not that'll cover my insurance. What Do you mean? Because that's the, that's the cheap, the cheapest thing I've been able to find is a $6,000 copay. Oh. Is that your deductible?


That's the cheapest, Yes. That's the cheapest thing I can get. I've applied for scholarships. Okay. They're saying they're not doing it. So do you have guns or guitars or a truck? You have something you can sell? No, I mean, I've got a truck, but it's my work truck. Can you go down in value on it? What's it worth? No, I'm upside down in it. What's it worth? Probably about 11 grand. What Do you owe on it? I've got About 200,000 miles on it. 12. What? What would happen? You owe 12. It's worth 11.


What would happen if you sold that and went down half the value and just bought yourself a little truck that that'll get you? Is there anything, do you see what I'm saying? Like this is temporary? No, I get what you, I get what you're saying, but it's a truck with 200,000 miles on it and not that many people are gonna spend $11,000. Well, if it's worth 11,000, there's A whole bunch of people will my friend. Because they're in your situation too. What about a parent or family member? Nope. Unfortunately no. Okay. So here's what I would tell you. I would start, if I'm you in this situation, I would start with a couple of different areas. Number one, I would walk in this evening to the local AA meeting.


Have you done that yet? Yeah. Okay. I would ask around and tell them I've got a gap. And my guess is there's people who would say, I I know x, Y, and ZI know this person. My church has a sponsorship program. There's a, there's, there's gap payment here. We can help figure this out. I would start there. Okay. Okay. And this is you being super, super vulnerable. It sounds like you're so sick of all this that you're kind of done giving a crap. Is that fair? Absolutely. Okay. The second thing is, I'm gonna Give you three months of free BetterHelp. I want you to talk to a, a licensed counselor. I want you to hang on the line here and I want you to make sure that just full stop rehab is the right move, the right next move for you.


Okay. Okay. They might say, Hey, I want you to go every day to a meeting in the evening and in the morning for 30 days and let's circle back before we make this list this entire, this big leap. Okay. Okay. The third thing is I want you to be honest, deeply honest with what you can part with right now. Because here's what I'm trying to avoid. I don't want you to come out on the other side of a 30 day in treatment program or a 28 day outpatient program and have that clarity of mind, that sobriety, the light is on and then that credit card bill hits you right in the mouth.


That's what I want to avoid at all costs. And that's another thing I'm worried about's finances, bills keep coming. They do keep Coming. I've even been looking into detoxes and it's still about that same number. Just for like a week detox. They do. I want you to go to a meeting and I want you to be vulnerable and raise your hand and say, I'm stuck. Okay? Yep. If you tell me after 30 days of knocking on every door, put your car on Facebook marketplace and see if you can get $6,000 for it, or 7,000 bucks or 11,000 bucks, that's gonna Give you six grand. And you go buy a $5,000 car with 250,000 miles on a truck. I get it. Not pretty. This is a bandaid.


I get it. If you tell me you can't, then I, I would say then go to a local, a local credit union and figure out that gap. Or I would work out a Before you did that, I would see if you could work out a payment plan with the rehab place. Probably they won't do that, but it'd be worth a shot. Oh, no, no. They will, they will do that. That's why I was no interest, but that's why I was on call because I've already got other debt racked up. Okay. I'm okay with that one. If the last option, and listen to me, this is not a pass for you just to go Sweet. I can go. I want you to exhaust every avenue because my brother Jade and I have sat with people, they walk out and then reality is a cold dose of water and it's easy to fall right back into old habits when old fists hit you in the same mouth.


Yeah. 'cause even if you can find a couple of thousand, like even if you can find a couple of thousand from selling things, you visit a local church and say, Hey, is there any, like, is there a ministry here? What, what can I do, can I serve to earn this money? Like whatever you can figure out, even if you're closing that gap with cash in some, in some way, that's gonna be worth it to you. Or in, if you got two weeks and you decide, I'm gonna wake up at five o'clock every morning and drive Uber and I am going to, I'm gonna, I'm gonna work like mad and earn this money. Right? There's gonna be some little victories there. But if you tell me, Hey man, I, I can't, I'm underwater right now. I'm, I'm wanting to go to rehab 'cause I'm drinking every day and I can't stay clean. I get that and I honor that.


Okay. But I want you to go to a meeting tonight and I want you to raise your hand and ask that question. Okay? Okay. If you can, if the hospital where you are doing your inpatient rehab is willing to say there's an interest free option here for the gap, then I'm okay with that. As a last Defcon Resort option, if a clinical supervisor has said, your only option is rehab. Okay. Okay. So I want you to hang on the line. I want you to walk through, I want you to, when you go through the BetterHelp, I want you to click on struggling with substance abuse, struggling with alcohol. And I want you to put in the notes, trying to make a decision on whether I need to go to rehab, go to inpatient, inpatient, rehab, co counseling, and then when they reach out, they're gonna walk you through an assessment and y'all can make that decision together.


Is that cool? Yeah. That's awesome. Okay. Thank you so much. I, I appreciate everything. Hey, I need you to hear, I need you to hear me say, I'm really proud of You. Me too. Thank you. This is real hard. Thank you very much. You've been, you've been drowning for a long time, haven't you? Yeah. Yeah, We're done. Okay. Are we done with all the drinking? Yes. I, I want to be, I mean, I, I'm tired of it. Good. Hey, I'm gonna put a little star on this. I want you to call back in 30 days with your 30 day chip and we're gonna celebrate you on the air. All right? I'm proud of you, my man. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back.


Hey guys. George Kamel here. Let's be real. If I had a dollar for every time Ramsey Solutions gave away free money, I'd probably be rich enough to give out my own cash prizes. And here's another one for you. We're giving away $20,000 at the take control of your money live stream on January 23rd. I don't know about you, but I'm definitely signing up for this event. Plus my friends Dave RAMSEY, Jade Warshaw, and Rachel Cruz will be there too. We'll be talking about how you can make real progress on your money goals. Maybe you're wanting to knock out some debt, maybe you're ready to start saving for a house. Maybe you wanna build for the future, or maybe you just wanna stop cringing every time you need to buy eggs. This live stream is for you. It's your time to ask us whatever you want about money.


It'll be kinda like a New Year's party money pep talk and a live q and a all rolled into one amazing event. Plus if we're lucky, a little comedy on the side. And no, I will not be charging for my dad jokes. So listen, if you're ready to take back control of your money or you just want a chance to win some extra cash, join us. Go sign up now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. You're listening to The Ramsey Show. Next to me is Dr. John Delony. I'm Jay Warshaw. We're taking your calls. We mostly take your calls. It's a live show, but today we have a question of the day that's coming to you from Wyatt Refi. Today's question of the day, brought to you by Wyatt Refi.


So now we don't recommend refinancing on everything, but for distressed private student loans, there is y refi. We trust y refi because they help you with low fixed rate, fixed interest rate. They help you get a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and get outta debt. Learn more@yrefi.com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states. Alright, today's question comes from Wyatt in California. Wyatt writes, my wife recently asked for a divorce, but she wants to stay married until she finishes her MBA degree.


Wow. To complicate things, my fam Oh, nice to complicate things. My family had agreed to pay for her degree when she started the program as an early inheritance for me. Oh, this is a, is an honor student. I think she only wants to stay for the free tuition. Yes. What should I do? If I had a beard? I'd be stroking my beard on this one because this is ridiculousness. I I I don't mean this to be mean, Jade, but we're doomed just as a society. This is bananas, Bro. Your wife left you, she asked you for divorce.


There's a, there's a word. Oh boy. Okay. Oh Dude, Listen, it's not good if you say yes to This, you gotta bounce with an ounce. You have to brush your shoulders off. She left you, she left you. And there's so much complexity here. D Yes. Don't pay for the wife that's leaving you, that's divorcing you. Don't let her take part of your inheritance. I, this whole thing's such a mess. Yes. I would stop tuition payments. How about that? Let's just start there. For god's sakes. Yeah. If you're not, the gravy train ends like at that point, like if you, if you get divorced, you don't get to say, oh, and will your parents please still pay for my, you know, it's like Be at the Golden Corral and you cash out and you get your ticket and you're walking to the parking lot and then you see 'em bringing, bringing prime rib out Ribs out.


Yeah. You don't get to go back, wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait. I'm gonna back a truck up here and take all the prime rib out. Dude, you cashed out, you Cashed out. Somebody else gets the, the prime rib. That's right. You left. It's Golden Corral baby. Wow. Yeah, you left. This is, this is a, this is a boundaries conversation. I'm, I'm guessing John, I mean, yeah, There's clearly a lot here. She can, you don't, you don't get both sides of you can't have your cake and eat it too. If she says, I want a divorce. Alright, boom. And I definitely wouldn't drag the in-laws into it. No. That just makes it even more messy. So No, no. And if your in-laws hear the story and they say, well, that's cool, we still wanna pay for her, for her degree.


A, they're, they can do what they wanna do, it's their money. And b, if it is part of an inheritance, then it will come out of a divorce settlement. So it's not gonna, it's gonna be free money. It will have to be disclosed as part of a divorce settlement. And y'all will figure that out in court. And I'm heartbroken for you why that your wife wants to divorce you. I hate that for you man. I just hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. Yeah. This is, this sucks. Yeah. And if I could be ridiculous for a moment, her timing was terrible. I mean, like what She, she must feel some type of way. Like if I'm like, gosh, let me, I wanna finish my MBA, but I don't wanna tell him. I'm like, Well there's also the other side of this that Wyatt's cheated five times. We don't, she finally says, I'm out but I'm getting my my my BA team.


That's also, we don't know we, that's the thing about these questions, we never know. Yeah, you could, you know, throw a lot of different wrenches into the subject, but at the end of the day, it's like if you say you're done, you're done Here. Here's the best way to to think of it. The moment somebody says, I'm divorcing you from this point forward, this is no longer a romantic relationship. This is a business transaction period. It has gone. We, we, we got married, we signed a marriage contract for this reason. This is how we're gonna set separate everything. It is a business proposition from this point forward. When somebody throws the D word and says, I'm divorcing you. Cool. Then that's how we're handling this moving forward. Can I ask you a question? Yep.


I'm not trying to trip you up in any way. So on the show no trip. Yeah, let's do it. On the show we talk a lot about money obviously. And we always say that, you know, one of the main causes of divorce is money fights and money problems. You're a person who's in this knee deep all the time is where does it start? I, I think we, I mean I think it's both ends. So we say money is a symptom And I'm saying that 'cause we've had two of these in a row. Yeah. Of just whacked out just what's going on here. We say that money is a symptom and I think it continues. So let's take abuse and let's take just evil and put it off to the side. Okay. That's outside the bell curve in this conversation. Right. Okay. There's abusive people and there's terrible people.


We know that. I don't think most people are abusive. Most people are terrible. I think most people are unintentional and they have a picture about what they want their life to look like and they just assume that the person next to them that they married is going to absorb into that picture. Not knowing that that person has a picture of what their life is gonna look like and vice versa. And so here's a good example in my house is something so tiny that happened recently. We have two dogs and then we just, I got my daughter a little, it's like a gremlin dog, like a little. So now we have three cockapoo and they fight and scream and run around. I got to where dinnertime was frustrating for me. It just felt like so much.


And I wasn't being the dad that wanted to be, I was finding myself snippy. I was finding myself just like, Hey, can y'all, once we backed out and my wife and I and she's like, Hey man, dinner's like a sacred time. We always just come here and exhale. It's where we laugh. Yeah. It's these three dogs that we took from outside running around underneath the table. We put 'em in a kennel now during dinner and man, You just made a clear choice. Yeah. But it was unintentional. And what was happening was I didn't want to come to the table. My wife didn't wanna be around a grumpy me. So it's easier. Hey, we're gonna grab, we're gonna grab Chick-fil-A on the way home. Right? And so it happens by teeny tiny degrees and turns out it's the dumb dogs running around at the table. So it's a lack of intentionality and a lack of saying, Hey, this is a sacred thing for us.


You want this, I want this. How do we choose to make this happen? Oh, we can just do that. That's easy. It's a lack of intentionality. When you're not intention about your money, then suddenly I'm buying this, you're buying this, you borrowed this, I wanna buy this. And now we have two different worlds, but we live on the same couch and then it implodes. Right? So money fights are a symptom of two people that have not aligned their pictures and have not aligned their values and have not committed. We're gonna sh we're gonna forego short term pleasure for long-term vision of what the world we want to, to build together. And it sounds like they've chosen the wrong enemy to direct their That's right. Their guns at, right. That's Right. Yeah. And so going back to the previous call, you, you make a choice.


You make teeny tiny choices along the way that gets you this final choice. You do that with your money, you do that with your physical health, right? Like my buddy Lane Norton didn't just wake up one day and win worlds. Yeah. He started 20 years ago lifting weights. Right? So then every day, So I, With your marriage, So I gotta believe it's the same thing getting back, right? It's that, that's the beauty is if you will own, you and I have both made choices to choose a miserable marriage, then you can both make choices to choose something amazing. That's, that's what's where the, that's where the, the light and the darkness is. You can choose something else. It's nothing is inevitable unless, unless outside of abuse. Yeah, nothing's inevitable. You can choose something different together. It's amazing. I love that, John. See, this is this, you add a lot to the show, John, and, and I love picking your brain on stuff like this.


'cause you just have a different perspective. And by the way, I believe in people. You do. I really do, man. I like that. I like getting to host with you. I have to.


I kind of wanted to go to John for a minute, but I also wanna let you guys know before this hour ends that this hour is about to end if you're listening, you know, on your favorite platform. But if you want to keep watching the show and keep finishing this specific episode, keep hearing from John. Keep hearing from me. You gotta head over to the Ramsey Network app in order to finish the show. If you're on the radio, you can just keep listening. It's still gonna play. More calls are still coming up. We've got Christian from Madison, Wisconsin. We've got Carol from Sacramento. We've got a a, a truck driver who's, you know, living out of his semi-truck coming up. We've got a woman, Ashley, she wants to know if she should use the money that she has to get a car or to pay off debt. So we've got really great calls coming up. I'm gonna pick John's brain a little bit more. But again, the Ramsey Network app is the only place that you're really gonna get the full episodes of The Ramsey Show like you used to, like you're used to hearing. So you gotta go over to the app. If you don't know where it is, you can search Ramsey Network in the app store or on Google Play. That's the way to find it. And by the way, we're still working on the app where every day we're doing things to make it better, make that experience the best we can for you. We just started this, so it's kind of cool. You guys are in on the ground level and we're here. We're happy you're here with us. But again, don't miss what's coming up next. Head over to the Ramsey Network app and it'll be me and John will be in our same clothes. Same shirt, same piad finishing up the show. Thanks for hanging out with us. This is The Ramsey Show.


What up? What up? It's Dr. John Delony from The Dr. John Delony Show with some amazing news. The latest episode of United States of Anxiety is available right now exclusively on the Ramsey Network app. This docuseries follows real people from my show as they embark on a 90 day journey to transform their lives. And I personally walk alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. And don't forget to click the link in the show notes to download the app. What's up Kelsey? So I've lived with crippling anxiety for as long as I can remember. How do I stop it from constantly coming up in different areas of my life? What does crippling anxiety mean? Paint me a picture of that. All right, so you ready to jump in? I'm ready to jump in. We're gonna check in with Kelsey. 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. I cannot even function because I am just crying. My mom left us when I was four. I truly felt like for a while I had no family. She's Experiencing things that really hurt a long time ago. Tell me about this boy. He triggers me a lot. Scared of losing and Paul scared of doing the wrong thing. Scared of not being enough. It Just feels like it would be exhausting to be Kelsey. It is. Whenever somebody's playing whack-a-mole with their anxiety, when it just keeps moving, that tells me the underlying system's not okay. How do I get my inner child out of this relationship? Because I feel like she's running the show. One of two people that's supposed to never leave took off. I Was this, I was this burden. You burden that's right to the one person who should carry it. All of it. Did you ever tell that little girl that it wasn't her fault? I don't know what to do. Do you either have to choose to let this guy love you or you gotta choose to let this guy go.