
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Dr. John Delony, PhD in counseling, RAMSEY personality, number one, bestselling author and host of the popular Dr. John Delony Show on RAMSEY Networks. All of that. He's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you're here. Erica is in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hey Erica. What's up in your world? Hi, guys. At first, it's an honor to speak with you.


Both my family And I were big fans, so much so that my now 2-year-old, one of our first words was 2, 2 5, And we knew that she just wanted to listen to the show. That's what She's got The phone number down already. She knows who to call in an emergency. I love it. That's right, That's right. So I'm gonna, I write, I wrote this down because I'm super nervous, but I hope that's okay. Sure. So I'm originally from Brazil, although as of recently, I'm incredibly proud to say that I'm an American. The Brazilian laws make it super complicated to leave a customizable will. So, decades ago, my grandmother decided that she was going to, it's called donate a portion of her part of the estate that she had to split in half with her deceased husband.


And I don't know exactly how much. I think my portion is like 30% as of LA early last year, my aunt has been trying to steal this entire estate from my mother And I, who are the other two beneficiaries. Last night at eight 30 at night, I got a text from my mom, long text, basically asking me to pitch in with lawyer fees. Now, this lawyer fee is not crazy like it is here because of the exchange rate, but it would be around like $500. And then she also sat said that Wednesday, tomorrow there's gonna be a con.


She's gonna be signing a contract and there's gonna be another additional fee that I would have to pitch in with half halfway, probably. Now, my husband And I, we have no problem doing this, but we are in baby set number two. We are, we have been working really hard for 15 months. We are finally a little bit, trying to be a little bit more financially responsible, where my parents are completely the opposite way. I, I said no, and in the Brazilian culture, how dare you.


So when I said no, No, that's just the mother culture. Oh, okay. All mother culture, right? Yeah. Okay. I got you. All Right. You're right. Brazilian mom, I put a little more out, a little more flare on it. Oh My gosh. It's just such, such drama. So when I said no, she stopped responding to my texts because then I asked, is there any wiggle room? Like, when is this due? Is it due right now? Basically in the text message, she was saying, give me $500, now give me a blank number. She doesn't know tomorrow. And so now she's basically not really speaking to me. And because I have two little babies at home, they talk to me all the time.


So it's always been really hard for me to say no to them, especially when it comes to finances. Like I've, they've put me into a ton of debt when I was, before I got married. And now, you know, we're really Trying to, how is Erica, how much is this inheritance? I, I don't know exactly. They would have to sell the entire house one. Okay. Gimme a, gimme a rough estimate in American dollars, please. Around Around maybe 30,000. Okay. I would Say no is the correct answer. Yeah. Yeah. It's not 3 million and it's probably not 30,000 by the time you get through with all this crap. Yeah. Yeah. You're gonna burn more calories than that. Just wave.


Bye bye. Put it in the rear view mirror. Yeah. Mom, you can have my half. Do I say something like I'll pay it later? No. When I'm done with my No, no, no, No. I think you gave him an answer. Yeah. No. Is a complete sentence. And part of you doesn't believe your mom's narrative, do you? Well, you believe, sorry, say again. Yeah, You, it sounds, it sounds like you don't fully believe your mom because She's really doing, You don't call for lawyer fees at eight 30 At the last Minute, the night before. Yeah. I, I thought that Your mom needs money for something else, doesn't she? Maybe.


Yeah. Lived the lifestyle. Okay. But that's why you feel, I don't know, that's why you feel sick to your stomach. 'cause if this was 500 bucks for, for $30,000 that you knew you were gonna get, then that's a no brainer. You wouldn't be calling us And all the players involved were credible. Right. Except the ant. But yeah. Even a baby step two, that's a no brainer. That's easy. That becomes one of your bills because that's a, I mean, it's a thing you need to cover to help accelerate this thing. That's not the case here. But You wouldn't call someone, you wouldn't call your friend up and present something this vague and ambiguous. No. Okay. You, you would say, here's precisely what's going on. Here's the exact amount. And you would do it a week before, not 12 hours before.


Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so there's something wrong. Smells bad. You know why it smells bad? Because it stinks. That's right. The problem that my husband And I have is that, that they have like a bunch of assets that they could sell off. We went crazy selling everything that we had in our house. And I know, but don't, Hey, get, get outta their heads. That's gonna make you and your husband nuts. If You join crazy in their head, it makes you crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Don't get in their head and try to figure out why they are or are not doing things. Be grateful that you and your husband have made the choices you've made, and y'all are gonna have real freedom for the first person in your lineage. So let me let, lemme try to paint this another way. When you get out of baby step two and you finish your emergency fund in baby step three, and you start baby step four, you're how old right now?


I'm 30. My husband's 33. Okay. So when you're 40, you're gonna be a millionaire, right? I in Jesus' name. Yeah. And what, what's your household income? My husband makes 90. Right now I'm a stay at home mom. Okay. And Jesus name, and in the name of math, somewhere around 10 to 15 years from now, yes, you will be there. Okay. And so whether or not you get this $30,000, your destiny on this earth, your quality of providing for your children is not based on this inheritance. If you never see this inheritance, which is fairly likely at this point, your life goes on. Right. So this is more about you just telling your mom though, and loving it.


Yeah. And smiling, just smiles. Be sweet. Just say, how am I love you. And I understand this means a lot to you, and I'm not, I, I would, I'm be happy to get the inheritance and I'd be happy to put some money towards this, but not in the circumstances you presented. And So I can't do it right now. Sorry. Right. Or you can honestly say, we don't have the money right now. Well, that's, yeah, that's what I said. And she said, well, I don't have the money right now. And I wanted to be like, okay, then why'd you go shopping Saturday? That's, Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Right? And that's my problem. How? Yeah. Yeah. And So, yeah, I don't have the, I mean, you can honestly say that until you're at least at a baby step too. Like, we don't have the money right now. We're negative. Yeah. And, and why is it such an emergency now? Yeah.


This is weird. I don't, Erica, you smelled a rat and you're used to it. And you know more about this d this drama and this narrative than we do. We've only got two minutes into it And we can smell it. So you're right. It's hard that setting boundaries with people who don't respect boundaries 100% of the times makes the other person crazy. They go, they go bananas a hundred percent of the time. You get a negative reaction when you set a boundary with a boundaryless person. Your mom's not used to anybody telling her no. If they happen to be in her string of the DNA. And so it's something she needs to get used to, it'll be good for her. It's kind of sweet. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years, they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work. If you become a victim. It's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Jenny's in Portland, Oregon. Hi Jenny. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you, Dave. I have a question about tax forgiveness. Okay. I was diagnosed with C-P-T-S-D and a traumatic brain injury and got onto Social security because I was homeless. Someone told, taught me how to use one of the delivering platforms, And I was able to start working. And, and, but because of those platforms don't take out taxes, I am starting an, an investigation at work regarding abuse, and they're going to investigate me and, And I don't want my tax issues to distract them from, you know, the real issue that I'm trying to get taken care of.


So I'm, I'm needing help with the tax forgiveness program. Okay. So you haven't filed taxes, correct. In how long? The last time I filed taxes, which was 20, 10, 15 Years. Yes, I was, I was And You've been earning an income, you've been earning an income for how many years? Five years. Besides the disability I was getting before. Yeah. And your recovery to where you're functioning. Again, I'll use my words, I don't know if that's the right words, Dr. John can help me with that. But where you become sustainable, again, your recovery from the traumatic brain injury and the PTSD is five years ago to where you became able to support yourself and sustain.


Is that right? Yes. I have since been triggered. I, I started in Portland, Oregon, there was the riots. And so, you know, and then I'm a caregiver as well. And you know, I, I've been traumatized at work, especially by my current situation. So, so there has been, I have still experienced panic attacks and things like that, but I am trying my hardest to be a working member of the, of society again, because I started working when I was 14 paid. Yeah. But What I'm trying to figure out is, okay, at the point that you were earning an income and you were functioning at that PO prior to that, I understand not filing taxes, but from that point forward, which is about five years, why did you not file? Because you knew to It?


Yes, yes, yes. I was, I was overwhelmed with the process. I had, I started several times looking into it, and then something would happen And I would stop working and have to move again. So there was a lot of, Okay. What is, what has been your income through that five years? It's, I, I honestly don't know. But you know, it started out well, and then no, I mean, were you making 30,000 or are you making 300,000? I was making, at one point I was making about a thousand a week delivering. And that lasted for a few months. And then it, you know, went down from there to about maybe two to 3000 a month.


Have you gotten a phone call or a letter from the government asking for your taxes? Nope. I have, I have not. Partly because I've been moving around a lot because I'm still hoing home housing insecure. Okay. All Right. The, the technical tactical answer to your question, which is not the answer to your problem, but it is the answer to your question, is to Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on tax ELP and get a tax CPA. If you come, quote unquote out of the cold on your own and you come forward, they will not criminally prosecute you for not filing taxes.


Not paying taxes is not criminal, not filing taxes is criminally prosecuted. 2,576 people, 2,576 people last year got criminal prosecution for not filing. So you need to go file yesterday. Okay? Yes. And the process that the pro, listen, listen, the process will sound like this. Sit down with a CPA and they will file three years and they'll help you reconstruct the last three years. You will owe the taxes for those three years. There is not tax forgiveness, there is criminal forgiveness, but there's not tax forgiveness.


Oh, okay. Okay. Now there is, back in the days when you were a pauper, but you're not a pauper, now you're not on social security, you're not, you know, you're making a quote unquote living. Okay. So, well, The pro the problem is social security refused to stop paying me because they Said, said I needed to. That's, that's not a problem. That's just the distraction. Text the check. Yeah. It's just distraction. I'm talking about, I'm talking about you're not poor. If you have zero money of any kind coming in and zero assets, you can get some tax forgiveness, you don't qualify. So I would not go Well, Right now I have, yes. Right now I have zero income And I have about $500 in the bank. So, And I'm, I'm sorry, I thought you told me you had a job.


I, I I did, but I was fired because I'm, I'm bringing up these abuse accusations and so instead of investigating the abuse, they're investigating me. And so I'm trying to take care of this issue so it doesn't interfere with the abuse case that they're refusing to start. So it's a big mess. So I, I'm gonna try to, So you, now you have to go get another job, right? Yes. Okay. All Right. Yeah. 'cause since you're employable, I think your answer to your question is you need to get through your tax returns file and then begin some kind of a repayment plan, even if it's a dollar. But get something going to get this monkey off your back. 'cause this is in the background worrying you along with all the other things that are chasing you.


It is. I, I did do that and someone did reach out to me, but it was above my, my budget. So I didn't know if there was any kind of program. No, it could help me. No. Okay. Not that, not that I'm aware of. Coming up with a re a a repayment schedule Is not a problem. But you have to file the tax returns. Right. So, yeah, and you probably, if you only have $500 to your name and you don't have a job today, you probably don't file them this week. But the sooner you file them, the sooner you get rid of the criminal threat hanging over you. Okay. Right? Right. And it's not going, listen, none of that's going to affect a job. If you have a valid claim for abuse in the workplace, you not filing your taxes is not a destruction of your character.


Okay. The abuse either was criminal or civil in nature, and it either happened or it didn't happen. You, your taxes are an irrelevant variable in that discussion. Okay. And can we, can we Focused on Yeah, Yeah. Focus is the word because let's be very, very honest. Okay. When you get triggered leading up to those moments when things just get real heavy, there's usually several things spinning around at once. Is that fair? I'm, I've been in a spin for over a week. Yes, Sir. That's right. So here's what I want you to do. The only way around this spin is right through it. So let's write down those things that are causing us to spin up.


Do we owe taxes? It feels like I owe a million dollars. You don't, you don't owe a million bucks. Yeah. You may not owe anything. Yeah. You May not own anything because you may not have earned enough. But let's get, let's, let's go right through that one. Let's put the next one down. Let's write the next thing down. And some of those things, like Dave said, you gotta get a CPA, you gotta get somebody to walk with you through that. But the only way to piece here is through the middle of it. And man, you've got the help you needed. You want to be back earning a living and being up on your own, having autonomy. That's amazing. I'm proud of you for that. And I hate that you got somewhere and got settled and then they treated you poorly. That's the worst, right? Yes. Yeah. But Dave And I believe in you. Okay.


Thank You. Yeah. And So I, what I want you to focus on is not, and, and just listening to you, and I'm just a guy, Dr. John's got the PhD, okay? But just listening to you, I want you to focus on the things you can control, not the things that happened in your rear view mirror. The, the traumatic brain injury, the PTSD, the, the former employer that was at, at a minimum, a jerk at a maximum of things. Okay? That's all. Those are not things you can control. And if you spend all your rent, your, your rent and your brain, your calorie, your brain calories on things in the past, you can't change.


It keeps you from moving forward to things you can change, which is get a job, get solid, get sustainable, get peace back in where your lights are paid. Your what foods on your table. You not got $500 again. Okay? And then you can afford to fight these people if you want to. You may not want to at that point. It may not be worth it. I don't know. Well, What I, yeah, what I'm fighting for is, is the other caregiver was abusing our clients. That's, that's not, but that's not, you don't have the money to be a crusader right? Now I want you to crusade for Erica. There you go. I want you, I mean, Jenny, I want you to crusade for Jenny. I don't know who Erica is. Yeah. But I want you to crusade for Jenny. I want, I want you to be the, the topic right now.


So I'm more concerned about you than you crusading for some moral outrage in the society. You're not got the strength of the money to do that right now, kiddo. Yeah. Let's get her housing taken care of and let's get those taxes filed and that will give you some peace, right at Get you a job. Yeah. Then if you want to pursue some moral outrage, let's do that. But all moral outrage is taking up all your space right now, kiddo. That's what we heard when we're talking to you.


Let's be honest. Shopping for health insurance can be confusing with high costs, complicated terms and customer service that doesn't really serve you. Most folks just pick a plan and hope for the best. See, insurance companies don't work for you. They work for themselves, meaning they love it when you overpay. So you need a guide on your team to help you make the best choices. Health Trust, Financial works for you. They're not salespeople. They help you find the health insurance option that makes sense and saves you money. The fact is, health insurance is one of the biggest expenses in your budget. But most people who work with Health Trust Financial end up saving $500 a month. Imagine putting that kind of money toward the baby steps. My team has worked with them for over 20 years and they've served thousands of people just like you. They're the only health insurance broker that's Ramsey Trusted to help you. So stop throwing money away and get the health insurance that's right for you at Health Trust Financial dot com. That's Health Trust Financial dot com.


Jamie and Kimberly are on the debt free stage right here in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions. How are you Doing? Great. I'm Great. Where do you guys live? We're in Greenville, South Carolina. Actually. Anderson, South Carolina, right outside of Greenville. Yeah. Very nice. That's a beautiful area. Its certainly love it over there. Greenville's done such a good job with their downtown. Yes, they have. We started going over there before that and then have gone obviously since. And it's just, it's really beautiful. They've done a good job. Welcome to Nashville. Thank you very much. How much debt have you two paid off? $207,414. Ooh. I love it. And how long did that take? 25 months. 25. Whoa. That's quick. Yep. And your range of income during that two years? I think we started at about 180 6.


Went all the way up to now. 2 52. Wow, that's nice. Jump in two years. Yeah, We've been blessed. So what do you guys do for a living? So I teach nursing. I'm a nurse in critical care and teach at Clemson. Okay. And I work in human resources. Okay. So just some really nice bumps in both careers, huh? Very blessed. Yes. Very cool. What kind of debt was the 2 0 7? It was everything, Dave, everything you teach us not to do, You were normal. You're normal people. So we Checked every naughty box that we Should. Dave. So what a naughty box. Let's talk about 11. That's A Very, that's a very South Carolina way to put that. It's in the naughty box. It's in the Naughty box. I'm here with Santa. Exactly. So what are the naughty box? Just tell us about 'em. 11 credit cards, two car loans, a medical debt, a HELOC, and a 401k loan.


And a partridge and a purchase. Yes. Christmas. I can tell. Yeah. Wow, guys, you did do it all. How long y'all been married? So we're a blended family. It's, we're getting close to 10 years next April. Oh, okay. Great. So you brought some of this together? We did. We did. And then, and then added some more. We did, yeah. So what happened 25 months ago that flipped a switch for y'all? So Kim's in the middle of her, well at the time was in the middle of doing our doctorate program, doctor, nursing practice leadership. And I, and it just got too much honestly for her. I wasn't as involved in the finances as I should have been. So I took that on and realized that we were pretty, pretty much drowning in debt and, and, and just, it, it overcame us And we're like, we gotta do something.


So we went through our church, new Spring church in Anderson and they offered FPU, we signed up, started shortly, right around Valentine's Day of 2023. Yeah. Okay. Wow. Good for you. And it was originally supposed to take us like four to five years to get out of debt and Jamie just led us through it. And he said, you know what, we're gonna do this in half that time. He, you Dave, he cut me down to $20 a month for fun money. Oh, He didn't cut you down. He didn nobody cut you down. That's you volunteered for this 20 For eating out, You stopping, volunteering and acted like he did it. I can tell all the things. Okay. So here's, here's, I always y are awesome.


I'm always perplexed by this. Y'all are both really smart people. How do really smart people end up under this? Almost a half a million dollars, quarter Million Of debt. I mean, quarter million dollars of debt. Yeah. I mean, I think not planning. Yeah. We had no plan. We had no concept. You know, it gets easy. We talk about that, you know, easy to hit that automatic pay button on things and when you don't have the money to charge it and worry about it later, you know, it wasn't like we were really being extravagant or living extravagant lifestyles. It was just one poor decision after another of how to handle things that would come up.


Okay. So you averaged $8,000 a month for two years on debt reduction. Did you sell stuff? Yes. What was a big thing you sold? Sold A truck. What was that? How much is that? About 12,000 I think is what we got for the truck. Okay. We actually, we cashed in a whole life policy that we found out she had. Okay. And then I How much was that? 14. Okay. 14,000. And then I cashed in some stock from restricted stock. And how much was that? That was another 15. Okay. So that, that's like 60,000, 55,000 bonus. Those three things. And the rest of it you just got punched? Yeah. Yeah. We worked hard. I worked a couple jobs. You can, yeah. You got a lot of, A lot of extra, yeah. A lot of opportunities To do that. And, you know, anything we could, we sold And we lived really lean.


We had bargain food dates, didn't we babe? Yeah. We Did Like It. We would go and, you know, see how much groceries we could get for a hundred dollars and at the knock and dent grocery store. And I like that. It Was fun. That's fun. And and just made a game out of it. We did. Yeah. And then said we're, we're gonna be free. Yeah. Yep. We, you know, we, we tried to make it fun. It's a tough thing to do. Yeah. But It Sucks. It, it does. And then we found creative ways to do things free. We did family fun night or actually what we call our daughter calls. Forced family. Forced family. Fun, Fun night. We got a voluntold. That's right. Forced family fund. Yes. A lot Of cards. A lot of card nights. Game nights, that sort of thing. How Did y'all manage y'all, y'all make good salaries.


You're a professor at Clemson, you're an HR director. Yeah. People just assume when they walk out to the parking lot, y'all gonna be driving a certain thing. And how did y'all, how did y'all navigate that? It's tough to tell your friends like, I'm not getting my nails done in South Carolina. 'cause that's what a southern woman does, right? Yeah. And I can't, or I can't go get coffee with you guys. Yeah. Or I'm not going, I'm not going to not, I can't, but I'm choosing not to. How do y'all navigate that? That's tough. I think, you know, having, it really showed us who our true friends are, you know, being vulnerable and sharing our story with where we were at. You know, I took not quite a 50% pay cut, but a dramatic pay cut to leave the bedside and Go to, to teaching And we just didn't plan for it. So when we realized how significant it was, we really just reached out to our people and said, this is where we're at And we need your support and here's what we're gonna do.


And they, they went on the journey with us, you know, they, they said, I know you can't, you know, go out to eat. Do you wanna come over and have dinner tonight and bring your games? And, you know, So we just did that with our people And I think that, you know, it made us closer with them because we were vulnerable. Yeah. And they prayed over us and just really helped us. So we werere fortunate. That's awesome. Yeah. Have these amazing people. And of course Mike and Becky are mentors for FPU and, and they were right there with us. So, you know, when the bills came up that were unexpected or whatever, we could call them and be like, what do we do? And they, and Mike would always say, well, Dave would tell you to do Go Mike, go baby.


Those kind of things. So I think that really helped a lot, but Well, that's a wonderful church y'all are a part of. I think I've spoken there if I recall and if it's where I'm thinking it is. Yeah. And I think all of f the whole place went through FPU at one point, so that's pretty incredible. So congratulations y'all. Thank you. And how does it feel to be free On that? Amazing. The debt, the, the just the, the weight of the debt is off the shoulders. You keep, you just feel better. You wake up better, you wake up energized. And that's kind of how, Yeah, that's it right there. That's the want. Sure. It's, yeah. And of course, as soon as you know, we got debt free, then the enemy tries to creep in. And we had Murphy showed up, an air conditioner that went out. Oh yeah. Which, you know, that's not cheap. And then we had about $4,200 of medical bills that popped up.


We had to pay those and for the first time and he was like, not a problem. And it was just so freeing to know that, you know, no matter what life throws at us, we have a plan that we're gonna get together and get through this And we have our people praying for us. And it's, it's the lightest and most free you can feel. Amen. What do you tell people? The key to getting out of debt is Get on the budget. Pray, pray for God's wisdom. And you know, honestly, get, get people in your corner. So like we had family and friends, get 'em in your corner and, and, and really follow the plan. Yeah. And just stick to it. I mean, it, it's, don't Make up your own plan.


That's right. Use your plan. And that's, that's how we did it. We, you know, I'm the nerd obviously in the family. And, and, and, and in addition to EveryDollar, we also had spreadsheets that I'm like, okay, if I do this, then I know I can cut off this amount of debt and it's gonna take, instead of three years now it's gonna take 25 months. Yeah. So, but just stick to it. It's amazing how math for us nerds can, can translate to hope. Agreed. But there were so many times, you know, where I would prop up, you know, being like, well if we did this, it'd be better. And he'd be like, Nope. Dave says we need to, to do this, so we're gonna stick to the snowball regardless of what the interest rate is on this or that. Awesome. Right. And we just plugged at it and it was pretty crazy when we start writing those big checks to pay the bigger ones.


When you get to the end, it's like, oh, this is crazy. I, I wake up like at three in the morning sometimes And I check my bank account and see if the, if the check cleared to the last credit card. Awesome. Awesome. Yes. Well, no more of that then we're Done. Dave, A funny story that Jamie did, he likes candy And I kid you not one day he, he's gonna kill me for telling this, but it's so funny, I promised a friend, I would tell it that he was so desperate to have some candy. He scrounged through his car to round up change so he could Go to the dollar tree. I've been there brother. I've been there And buy him some Lemonheads. I've been there. I be All Right. It's Jamie and Kimberly Greenville, South Carolina.


207,000 paid off in 25 months. Just what? Making 180 6 to 2 52. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. All in baby. 3, 2, 1. We're Debt-free. Yeah. Woohoohoo. That's how it's done. Ladies and gentlemen. Boom.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows about student loan debt, it's me. My husband And I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for autopay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from your student loan debt. If you want it gone, you can't mess around. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY to find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


Caleb is in Tallahassee. Hey Caleb, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Dave, thank you so much and thank you both. Thank you both for being a Christ-centered image of, you know, how our finances can look, you know, young or old no matter where you're at. And Dave, I did wanna say go vol as well as a recent graduate from the University of Tennessee. Oh wow. Very cool. What's your degree in? I have a degree in agriculture. It took about 10 years. My father passed away when I was 19 years old. My only financial provider kind of got fed to the wolves early. I was playing college ball in North Carolina and had to give it all up. So Lord, Lord came through later in life to be able to provide the finances to get that done even though I have a little bit of student loan debt.


I hear you. Okay, How can we help today, brother? You? Absolutely. So currently now 30 years old. I've had two professional careers in my life. One as a professional hunting guide and one as a real estate agent. Currently still a real estate agent. The past three years I opened a branch office of my brokerage in the next county. I have now been offered keys to the kingdom to buy everything that I've built over here in this county. I now have my broker's license. I'm looking to transition to the active broker. We manage about 65 rentals, So we have a pretty good rental portfolio. Brings in about $6,500 a month after we pay our bills, you know, to the office that we rent my property manager and just basic utilities.


We bring in about a thousand dollars in profit a month, but the lights are on and it really helps with the sales portion of the real estate company as well. Would you purchase this business, would you not? And how would you do it? I will give you a quick background on myself. As far as financially debt wise, I have no credit card debt. I still drive a 2006 Dura max that's been paid off since I bought it. I only have about $200,000 in total debt with my home. And then I have again about $25,000 in student loan debt from the University of Tennessee.


And what are you, what are you making as a real estate agent? How much do you make? So for the past four years in a row, I have gone from 90,000 to 125,000. And that kind of fluctuate, Fluctuate taxable income, Correct? Yes Sir. Okay. All Right. And that's after splitting with your broker? That's correct. Okay. And what's your split? 80 20. Okay. All Right. And how many agents work in this office? I have five agents that work in my branch office that will be transitioning over if I purchased the company as well. And what do they make? The branch One is relatively new. The other three, I would say gross commissions, they probably bring in an extra 30 or 40 and I'm kind of the breadwinner here.


Okay. And so this business makes $50,000 a year. The rental, the rental portfolio makes 12, makes 12. And these guys make, and these guys make 30,000, so that's 42. You got it. 40 to $50,000 a year. Right. Because what you make, you could go make somewhere else. That's right. And so that, That doesn't enter into the equation. That's right. Okay. Well, I mean, you're not gonna buy the business based on what you produce for the business. That would be dumb. You are Correct. Okay. You are correct. Alright, So what is he, what, what's the current owner offering to sell it for? So he's offered several different terms. 75,000 is what he is valuing the business at.


So it can be a seller finance route or it could be whatever route that I find that could be feasible. My goal to him was, is if I did any sort of financing that I would pray I could have it done and two years, three years at the absolute max. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Can you, can you guys help me? I don't know what you're buying. He's buying a, he's buying an income stream that a business that is creating an income of $40,000. But this comes with people. Yeah. The people make the money and the, and the rental portfolio that they manage makes money. Okay. A little bit, not much, But I mean, if you buy this for per $75,000 and then two of these realtors quit.


Well, that's true of your business though. That's true. Okay. I mean, if you, if you buy a factory and all the workers quit, But you still bought the factory, but I, I get No, But you still don't have the income. That's, that's true. The workers, I mean, so it's, and There's a few, yeah, there's a few items that I could probably go away with to increase our rental income with that property management portfolio as well to generate anywhere from 15 to $2,000 a month of income from there. Yeah. Here, here's what I, here's what I would do. I would offer him $60,000 and I'm gonna pay you 100% of the profit of the business until we get to 60,000. Okay. 100% of the profit Not counting you. That's right.


Okay. You take your money and go home and eat with that. During this year and during that year you get these salespeople's button gear and you tighten up this rental property management thing that sounds like it's pretty loose. Your margins suck on that. I think you can tighten that up a little bit and you're paying out way too much. I mean, all this trouble, you Go to 65 rentals for a thousand bucks, I'd shoot myself. That's 65 tenants you gotta screw with for a thousand dollars. Yeah. Of profit, correct? Yeah. Yeah. My property manager takes care of Oh, I know, I know. Property manager takes care of what property managers take care of, which means you have to take care of the property manager. So That's right. No Uhuh. That's right. You're not your, your margins suck dude. I'm in the business. Okay.


So, but anyway, that, that's not the end of the world. I think you can tighten this thing up, raise your sales among your team, hire some more people into the team to continue to sell. Hopefully this real estate market continues its healing process and, and you tighten up the operations side on the rentals and you can pay this guy in one year. I like it. I like it. And just tell you, I I I am not going Our terms are, you get 100% of the profits until we get to 60,000. It looks like that's gonna be around a year. That's our terms. Okay. And if there's no profit because of whatever, whatever thing we wanna make up that's a calamity or a catastrophe, then you don't owe anything until you get to 60,000.


He gets all the profits. Understood. Okay. And So, yeah, I I, I teach people in entree leadership to do that plan all the time. It's not debt because you don't, you're not in, you know, the bank will put you outta business if you don't pay the payments. This you got no payment if there's no profit. That's right. Okay. And So you knock it out really, really, really fast. I'm not giving him a lot of value here. A normal business, I would give it more value on this cash flow, but I'm with John, you can go down the street and open up tomorrow. Most of those agents would go with you and you probably, if you didn't keep the 65 rental properties, it probably in't the end of the world 'cause it's not really doing that much.


Well, The time you spent on those, you could get one more sale of a house over the course of a year and get more commission than $6,000. Exactly. This is a time drain for 12 grand. Yeah. So a lot of calories burned. And I know you think the property manager's doing it all, but they never do everything. Okay. There's always someone has to lead the manager and, and that's you. So I almost wonder if you fire the, the property manager and you hire your own person and say, I'll pay you a hundred grand to run these 65 houses. Well, property manager now works for him. He's being paid out of that 6,500 a month and that got him down to $1,000 a month. Now that's part of it. So yeah, you don't have a hundred grand in profit to pay a property manager, Dave, in this scenario, who owns all those 65 houses, Individuals like you and a person went to a real estate company and asked them to manage it for 'em.


Gotcha. Okay. And they're the management company. Gotcha. Okay. That's What they're doing. They're, they're just collecting the rents. They're probably getting 10% of the rentals. Okay. But they're, they got a hundred percent of the hassle. Yeah. For, for for a thousand. I, I would've thought, I mean, as a guy that doesn't have real estate portfolio, I would've thought having 65 homes that you're taking care of was way more than, I mean 65. Yeah. 6,500 real. I just would've thought you were making way more on those houses. Yeah. Wow.


Okay folks, if you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering where your money's going, our team is hosting a free budget training this month. You'll learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget using EveryDollar, the world's best and most robust budgeting app. Plus you can get your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a spots are limited. Sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. These webinars are excellent. If you really want to get control, you really want the money to behave by the way that I mentioned, it's freaking free. Okay, shut up. It's free. Go watch the webinar and get yourself together. Sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar free budget trainings all this month. Good stuff.


Alright, John, off air, lemme give you a full lesson on property management. I can't wait. I'm just kidding. I can't wait. Wouldn't do that to my best friend. This is The Ramsey Show.


There's a time in your life and at the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is Ramsey Trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, RAMSEY personality, PhD in counseling number one bestselling author. He's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Ryan is in Seattle. Hey Ryan. What's up? Hey, how you doing? Thank you guys for taking my call. I appreciate that. Sure. How can we help? Well, I, I'm in a bit of a jam. I don't know how to get out of it. About three years ago I had some parental issues that came up with my folks And I got injured at work for about a year and a half.


So I was on workers' comp payments, but I got myself into about $97,000 of credit card debt. I have a $32,000 personal loan. I have a $34,000 car loan and $18,000 in student debt. Everything's up to about 181,000 in, in debt. And I, you know, my mortgage is at, at 767,000. I just don't know how to get out it. Hmm. I can't get a, I can't get a loan to consolidate because Doesn't matter. You can't borrow your way out of debt. I, well, I was hoping to consolidate that debt. It's mathematically impossible to borrow your way out of debt. Okay. So what do you make?


My base is about 140,000 a year on a, with my overtime I make about a hundred eighty two, two twenty. And you're single? I have a, I have a stepson and a, a girlfriend that lives with me. You don't have a stepson if you're not married? Well, she, he's living with me and she's living with Me. Okay. Your girlfriend's kid and your girlfriend live with you? Right. Okay. All Right. Just making sure I understand what's going on. All Right. The and does she work? She does. And what does she make? She makes about 60, 70,000 a year. So she can support herself? Correct. So I'm talking to a single guy who makes 180 grand and owes 180 grand.


Yes. Okay. What was the nature of your injury at work? I broke my foot. So I was out for about a year and a half with two different surgeries. And then before that, my parents, I saw the property that I bought was about 811,000 that I financed. My parents were gonna live with me. Oh, You have a property. Do you have a property now? I do, yeah. Oh, what's it worth? 1.1. And what do you owe on it? 7 67. Sell it and get out of debt. Yeah, I can't, my credit, my credit's too low. You don't have to have credit to sell a property, But for me, you don't credit To buy a Property.


Right. I wouldn't qualify for anything. I don't care. Go rent. Yeah, rent for a while, man. The but the amount of money that I would have to pay off then and then all the money that I'd have to move and the cost of the, the moving expenses. How would I, how would I get all that Honey? 1.1 minus 700 minus 180 gives you some moving money And you make 200 grand a year, dude. You spend, like, you're in Congress and you rationalize like you're in Congress. I I, here's the thing I don't like, I hear the desperation in your voice, but also you're, you're pushing back on every single thing we put out there. What, what's the, what's the cheaper issue? The other, the other option is this live on beans and rice and pay $140,000 a year onto this debt and you are debt free in a year and a half and you have absolutely no freaking life.


You've been living like you make twice what you make and walking around strutting around. Like you act like it's okay. It ain't okay. It's stupid. Part of that is because I was on workers' comp And I didn't, I didn't have my full income coming in first, So I know, but you ca you make 180,000 freaking dollars. I just year go Live. Like I know, but go live like a normal person and pay this debt off And sell the car in A year and a half. Yeah. Sell your car, Sell your stupid butt car. And if you're not willing to do all that and you wanna get out really fast, sell your stupid house. It's just a stupid house. Get you another one later when you get your act together. But you don't want any pain, you don't want anything to change.


You don't wanna sacrifice. Oh no, I'm, I'm, I'm paying for like all my, all my money that I'm getting. Every single dollar I'm getting, I'm putting straight towards credit cards. I'm, I'm just, I just started listening to your book and I've already paid off two credit cards. I got one more that I'm paying off. Right. How, How much is that? Mixed paycheck. How much did you pay off? The last one I just paid off was 2047. 2,477. And what was the other one? I just, I paid half of a payload PayPal credit card. I'm, I'm gonna pay the other half this week. How much? $1,003. Okay, So you paid off $3,000 in what period of time In the last four weeks? Four weeks. Okay. In one month. So if we annualize that, that's $36,000 out of 180.


That's not exactly stepping dude. Yeah, Yeah. But but I also have a personal loan that I'm paying $870 on. I can't sell my credit card. I can't sell my car 'cause I'll be upside down on $14,000. When you get to hurting enough, Ryan, you're gonna figure this out, but you're not hurting enough yet. Okay. We just told you four things you could do and none of 'em suit you. So I can't sell my car, I can't sell my house. I can't do this. I can't do that. Dude. You can, you can do all that. And when you decide you want to get out of this, and Here's how we know 'cause both Dave And I have done it. Yeah, It's very possible. Dude. You make a ton of money. You have this huge million dollar freaking house. You own a million dollar house, man.


I mean really? So people listening a across America are going, I got no mercy for this dude. Dave's being light on him And I feel like I'm coming down on you. But, but seriously, I I, dude, I want you to be free, but I want you to be free more than you wanna be free right this second. 'cause you are not willing to cut loose some stuff to get free. So cut loose the car, cut loose the lifestyle, cut loose the not stepson and his mother, and cut loose some stuff and get your life back Because You, you've given your life away. And the way you get it back is you're gonna have to give up some stuff. You mentioned this a few times. You're, you broke your foot and you were out for a year from work. And like it's as though the world of math and the world of reality and the world of debt and the world of repayment and slavery, none of that should apply for a while.


'cause you had an injury. And the crummy thing is, is the world keeps moving, right? It just keeps going on. And So I hate that for you. And now you're back and it stinks. Like, hey man, now that I got this big fancy job and I've been out for a year on benefits, I hated that. I wanna spend like I'm catching up. You can't, you got a huge hole you gotta get yourself out of man. Yeah. If you start applying eight to $10,000 a month to this debt, not $3,000 a month, including making your payments, you're gonna see it magically start to go away. If you're not willing to cut your life that deeply, then you need to stop your 401k at work. You need to make sure you're withholding is correct.


You need to quit investing. You quit saving. Take any money that's in savings and throw it at this debt. If you're not willing to do all that, a quick fix is to sell the stupid house. Both of those things will work. And yes, the car needs to be sold. You're a broke guy driving a $40,000 car. And so, you know, fi figure out a way to come up with a difference and get the thing sold. Of course you're upside down. I mean, that's just in the line of other things that you did. I've done dumber things than you've done honey. But there comes a point, you wake up and you go, I've gotta sacrifice to be winning and it's going to hurt. Getting well is going to hurt. Yes, after surgery we have brace, but not getting well is going to hurt more.


That's right. So you gotta make a decision. The faster you cut into this, the deeper you cut into this, the faster you're gonna get out. That's the formula. And that's what we could see immediately. And because we're not emotionally attached to all these decisions, good luck with it, brother. I hope you make the turn. This is The Ramsey Show.


Let's get real folks. Healthy eating sounds good until your day gets really busy and suddenly you're gulping down your third frozen pizza of the week. That's why I love Field of Greens. It's a superfood powder. It gets me real fruits and veggies selected by doctors to help my heart, lungs, metabolism, and so much more. I mix it with water, shake it up, and boom, I'm fueling my body without slowing down my day. And here's the truth, I expected it to taste like dish soap, but it tastes great. Really great plus Field of Greens promises that your doctor will notice your improved health or you get your money back. Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY and save 20% on your first order.


You spend hours researching before making a major purchase like a home or car. But it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage to protect your biggest assets. I recommend using Ramsey Trusted Pros, whether you're looking for car home or any other type of insurance. Ramsey Trusted providers have been coached and vetted to serve you like we would find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


Andrews in San Jose. Andrew, How are you? I'm doing All Right, Dave. John, Thanks for taking my call. Sure Man. What's up? So I was wondering what you thought. I'd like to take out $75,000 in student loan to get a Bachelor's in construction management. But there's one caveat, which is that because I am a DACA recipient, I'm not qualified for a majority of scholarships that are out there or any kind of federal assistance. Please Don't do this, Andrew, please, please, please don't do this. Okay. I'm sorry. Help me, John. What, what are, what's a Daca? It, it's a long story, but he is not a naturalized citizen, but he's lived here his whole life.


So he's a recipient. He can Go to college, Go to US college, but doesn't qualify for a lot of the aid packages that are reserved for citizens only. Gotcha. Okay. Now I'm catching up. And So you wanna go into construction management? Yeah. So there's a trade school here locally that also has an online college. Okay. I basically do an electrician degree. Yep. And then that turns into a bachelor's in construction management. Okay. So hear me say this. I want you to go learn how to be a, an electrician And I want you to learn construction science. I desperately want that because you're gonna be one of the most in demand people in the next five to 10 to 25 to 50 years. Okay. That's a wonderful career field. I do not want you to get $75,000 in the hole.


Okay. What do you do now? Currently I'm a graphic designer for a sign company. Okay. And So what made you pick construction? So, I mean, I'm 29 and for the longest time I didn't know what I wanted to do. And then I went on a tour of this trade school and the courses that they have available and it just clicked. Like, it just, it seems like something that it's with my hands, but it requires math and, and you know, technical skill, which is something that I gravitate towards. Okay. And obviously because I have a, a son and a wife, it's gotta make money too. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Have you gone down and check out the local community college in your area that probably offers the exact same program for nothing?


There's a JC in my area that, that gives me the, the certificate for electrician. But I'd have to Go to a further out, like a two hour city to do it to, to make it into anything that's higher education and, Okay, here, here's, I mean, just say a hundred percent of the time, you do not need a degree to be in construction management. A hundred percent chance. What you do need is the skills to be there. One way to get the skills is to go study it the way you're talking about studying it. Another way is be doing it on the job and learn. That's how most people in construction learn construction management. They do construction, not graphic arts.


So go get a job in the construction field, dude. Okay. Yeah. And Work your way. Get get in with an electrician that'll put you in apprentice program. Yeah. Get your free certification there. Get to get in an apprentice program, become an electrician, and then move from there and start working with the GCs in the area and, and take on some project manager roles on some small ba basic stuff and let them teach you construction management. Construction management is not rocket science. Okay. It's logistics and math. What you found when you were doing that, what you ran into was a trade school that had a really good salesman And a shiny, shiny shop And it made it look like this was gonna be a thing. But listen, it's project management. And just in talking to you, I think you could do it almost now.


Yeah. You're bright. Okay. You're a smart guy. Except for this part about biting on the $75,000 hook. I think you got a little lip, the little thing stuck in your lip right there. It's a hook. And so, but yeah. But no, I, dude, really go, go get in the construction business. I grew up in the real estate and construction business. I love it. And I think it's something that AI can't touch, so you're not gonna get replaced by a stupid computer. And I chat GTPT can't spell construction management And I, I pr well, I can't, I promise you, in 10 years they're not gonna say, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I know you can wire up this entire project, but we need to see that certification. No one's gonna have time. Well, you can get, you can run through an apprentice program and become a certified electrician, but you do not need a construction management degree.


I'm sitting in a building that costs $60 million to build this portion of this building goes 60, $60 million. The guy that built this building working for a commercial construction company did not have a construction management degree. Okay. That's what I'm saying. Okay. What he did was he swung a hammer and he dug ditches and he wired stuff and he did whatever. And he learned project management. And you can take some project management courses and there's some basic things to learn about that that everybody ought to know for that matter. 'cause everything's a freaking project. Running a wedding is a project management thing. So I mean, whatever it is, right? So, you know, there's nothing, nothing bad about that. But you pick that up at the community college, don't be hunting certifications as a silver bullet to make your life successful.


Go look for skills. Skills that you can put literally in this case and figuratively in your tool belt. Can We, can we, I want to double click on that. That, because I think that might be one of the more, more profound shifts that's coming our way. Okay. And that is, we have been told for a hundred years to go get certified, go have somebody else stamp you. Whether it's an outside credential, whether it's an outside in. Colleges have responded to this by coming up with credentials on any number of things that have never been credentialed, Left-handed puppetry, Everything is credentialed. Right? So I'm a certified left-handed puppet, whatever. So here's the deal. In the future that we are entering into right now, people are gonna ask, can you do this thing?


Yep. So don't go get certified in how to sit with hurting people. Go figure out ways to sit with hurting people. Don't get certified in how to fill in the blank. Go learn how to do that thing because that's gonna be the new currency because their certification stuff is gonna get winnowed out with the, the internets with the computers. I'm convinced of that. Dave can, Well, I mean, we've already seen the thing. We've already seen the beginning. Number one, the trades have never done that. Right. Number two, the new, new version of the trade called tech. You know, I got tech, we got 460 tech people working here. Yep. I, the number of them that have four year degrees and information systems, there's almost zero. Right. But number of 'em have lots of certs and have gone to classes and know how to code.


Gone to code school. They learn the skill. They have To learn the skill. They learn the skills. That's right. And I don't care what their certification is. Right. What I care is can you code? Correct. Can you build the platform for the code to sit on? Can you create a customer interface? How fast can you do this at a dev one, dev two or dev three level I, right. You know, are you, are you really quick or are you just slower than Christmas? I mean, what, what is, this is what I ca I'm the employer. I'm the guy writing the check. And so I'm telling you, you don't have to have Aer I have a degree in salesmanship. Oh Crap. I don't care. Can you sell something? Crap. That's what's gonna matter. The only Thing that means is you got sold Doesn't Mean you ever sold anything. So yeah, that's the chase, the essence. This Andrew Chase Skills, And this is coming from John who has a PhD in higher education.


And I used to tell like, don't get a PhD in leadership. Go lead something. Go ask for increased leadership responsibility so that you can get moved up the ladder in these areas and increase your influence because you know how to do the thing not 'cause you can wave a certificate around and say, look, somebody else says I can do this thing. Yeah. I had a fun discussion with Jim Collins at Entree Leadership Summit last week. We were talking maybe on stage in the interview, but certainly off stage. We talked about it too. I remember he told, he told me the story he was teaching entrepreneurship at Stanford. And you know, a guy kept saying, yeah, but are you, That's a great critique. That's a great critique.


And That's what caused him to leave. Yeah. And go open his own for practice, for-profit research firm that led to the book Built to Last Good to great, great by choice, how the Mighty Fall, all these masterful works that are based on his masterful research that he did for profit. Because he decided if I'm gonna teach entrepreneurship, I probably ought to be one. Hmm. I, I find it no small coincidence that, that most of the teachers that I had that were of high influence for me, professors were either theologians that also led small churches at the same time, or they were mental health professors that also had practices or working in the communities doing, doing the thing.


Yeah. Because they got to tie the practice into that knowledge and then you get a much better, it it, it, the passion jumps into the students. Right? Yeah. Who, who was it taught me to go into debt? My finance professor who was broke, he was broke. What's wrong with a broke finance professor? That's like a shop teacher with missing fingers. I mean, come on. Yeah. Yeah. You ain't one right? You ain't one until you is one. Right? Oh my gosh. This is how this works. So yeah. Chase skills. Chase skills, Skills. I believe in education. Being skills I dumb is not a plan. I do too. I believe in Go to college Chase. I believe in gathering up knowledge. But your, the, the, the silver bullet is your gathering of knowledge in the application of it, in the marketplace. Not the piece of paper that said you did it. If all you do is collect degrees, you're a thermometer.


As moms, we have enough stuff that we're juggling without pacing through a huge grocery store for hours and paying premiums for NAM brands. That's why you need to try ALDI. ALDI makes shopping for groceries more affordable, saving your family nearly $4,000 a year and way easier. They take the guesswork out of shopping with better choices like their exclusive ALDI brands. So you can save money and time and focus on what really matters. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at ALDI where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at ALDI. Us. That's a ldi us


Hey, what's up Dr. John Delony here. The new dates have dropped for the money and Marriage Getaway over Valentine's Day weekend at 2026. This is your chance to hit pause on everything in your life and reconnect with your spouse over a long weekend in Nashville, Tennessee. Me and my friend Rachel Cruz will be digging into topics like sex, money, communication and more. This weekend is happening on February 12th through the 14th and early bird prices start at $749 per couple. But the prices will be going up soon. Get your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Well, We Love folks joining us in the lobby at Ramsey Solutions. We Love us, them joining us on the debt debt-free scream stage. And we really love it when they're one of our own team members that's like super fun. Except for the part where 900 members of RAMSEY stand in the lobby not working to cheer them on. I know. Dave's like people all get back to work. What's wrong with you? Per Hour cost in his right Now. That's awful. Yeah. All Right. So Randall and Renee are with us. Randall is a senior product designer here on the RAMSEY real estate trusted team. Ramsey Trusted real estate team. Been here about four years, right? That's correct. So very cool. Alright, so we're not gonna ask your incomes like we traditionally do 'cause all your peers are standing around.


That would be unfair. But Renee, what do you do? I'm a homeschool mom And I also tutor for our classical conversations to co-op. Co-op. Oh, very cool. Very cool. All Right, good. So together y'all make a million dollars a year. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Got it done in no time. That's right. No time. Yeah John, if I said that, that would be called a promise. Oh no, I'm not saying That. So you, sorry. Alright, so how much did you guys pay off? So, $118,155 and 80 cents. Whoa. Love it. How long did this take guys? Five Years in one month. I love it. Very cool. All Right. And you've been here four years. That's correct. So you started on this journey and didn't come to work here. How weird is that?


It was a little bit weird, especially when it was at the beginning of 2021. You were putting out the call for creatives to apply Yeah. On the radio. And she's like, you have to apply right now. And I was like, okay, hang on, let's think about that for a second. And, but then I warmed up to the idea applied, made it through the extensive. Did Y'all move from somewhere to come here for the job? From Min for Minnesota. Okay. All Right. At the tail end of the, all the COVID stuff out there. Yeah, yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah. We're outta here. Alright, cool. Well welcome to Nashville. And four years later you've been sitting in this environment paying off 118,000. What kind of debt was It? So a mixture of mostly student loans. So like 96,000 student loans, a couple of credit cards, personal loan, car loans, all the normal things.


Yeah. How long y'all been married? 22 years. Okay. Wow. So what happened in the year before you came to work here five years ago that started you on this whole journey? Getting outta debt. So in 2019, at the end of the year we started receiving letters for collections, for student loans. We were $10,000 behind on payments. Whoa. Yeah. And I got the letter And I didn't tell him I hid the letter 'cause he had a lot of anxiety and depression and just really struggling mentally with the debt. And then January we got another letter And I realized it's not gonna go away, So I have to tell him.


And I did. And then within a couple weeks we went to church and a very sweet couple, Matt and Krista Hammond got up and did a two testimonial about paying off a hundred And I think 30,000 in debt or 180,000 Sounds like us. Yeah. Yeah. And, but they did it in three years. Okay. And I looked at Randall And I said, we have to take FPU. And so our class was supposed to start March, 2020. Oh, Of course. Yes. And We got so many things that didn't start in winter 2020. Yes. And we got one in-person class. And then from then on we did it over Zoom and it pretty much took one class.


And I was obsessed and just like got on board, started listening to the show every single day, three hours, four hours a day. I was listening to all the back episodes And I was like, we are doing this. We're gelle intense. It took him a little bit longer to Yeah. It was another like six months for me before I started seeing the pin prick of light at the end of the tunnel. Yeah. I was in a really dark place before all that. Sure. So, yeah. And then somewhere around that six month mark, you hear me on the radio go, we're hiring creatives. And she went, yeah, yeah, yeah. Load up the truck. We're headed to Beverly baby. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. You know. Wow. Very cool. You Didn't have any facial hair when you started this journey, did you?


I did. Okay. I I, I actually have, I, I started that in Minnesota. It was to keep my face warm 'cause Oh, there you go. It was brutal up there. Okay, fair enough. All Right. So what is it like, tell the truth to work with people at RAMSEY while you're trying to do this? I can't imagine a better environment to try to accomplish this than working here. Like it's, it's the weirdest thing when you're, you're like, literally everybody talks about their finances. Isn't that Oh yeah, we've got this, we got so much. I've got so much debt and it's, you know, we're working on it. It's, we're paying it off. It's fine. And like, everybody's just really open about it and it's super supportive and like everybody, every time you're like, oh I had to, you know, this, this setback. And I'm like, well just, you know, get back on the horse and like, you're gonna nail it and you know, it's so, it's so rewarding just from that standpoint that like literally everyone's behind you.


Like every month we have the walk, the talk thing with Jade getting up on stage and like you're just motivated like all the time to make sure that you're you're getting there. Yeah. Wow. Well they are all, all out here to cheer for you. I was making fun of 'em, but I'm proud of him for cheering for you 'cause you did it. I'm proud of y'all. Thank you. Thank you. Who was cheering you on other than work compadres? My Randall's parents. They were probably our biggest cheerleaders, our biggest support. They helped us a lot So we couldn't have done it without them. They're here with us today. Oh Good. Yeah, they came all the way down to Are you from Minnesota? No, They're from Dustin, Florida. Oh, okay. Came up. Okay. Yes. Well that'll work too. Yes. All Right, Cool. Tell us about these two boys over here.


Theron is 15 and Elias is almost 12. Okay. I can see that y'all definitely held back on haircuts. Wow. A lot of scissors at home. They Sound like an old redneck. I Call, I call 'em a hippie all the time. It's just because it looks great. Hey, I'm jealous man. I can't, I can't grow my hair like that. I don't make hair jokes. It's a rule. So what was the hardest part about telling your boys? No. Oh, just we had to take 'em out of TaeKwonDo. We, you know, they couldn't Go to church camps. They couldn't, we couldn't Go to amusement parks, which we are from Florida. So we went to amusement parks a lot back in the day. Couldn't Go to state fairs and county fairs.


And so for that, that was the hardest part. Not getting to go out to eat. We went at part of, part of our getting out of debt celebration was going out to eat and that was like a great New So they're, they're celebrating big time. Oh yeah. They have a life now. Oh yeah. They're both. And dad to, yeah. That's awesome. Mom and dad paid a price to get 'em here. Yeah. Awesome. Way to go y'all. Yeah. Way to go. I'm proud of you. Good. Good work. Very, very cool. Alright, now the question we ask everybody, what's the key to getting outta debt? You paid off 118,000, you stuck with it for five long years to do it and now you're free. I would say work you, it's not gonna happen if you have a tiny shovel and you're just gonna sit back and expect it to happen.


Like you said, you don't fall into debt. So for me, the first couple years I did everything I did shipped, I did Instacart, I did DoorDash, I did Etsy shop, I did online evaluations. I did everything I could. And then 20 21, 20 22, I had a neck injury, had to get two neck surgeries And I couldn't work for two years. And so that's why it ended up taking us longer than we expected. And once I got through all of the recovery on that And I could actually work again, I said, I'm done. At beginning of 2024, I said, we're, I'm sick of this, we're gonna get done. I got a full-time job as an online pickup clerk at Kroger High pickup team.


Wow. And I tutored for homeschool co-op And I homeschooled. So it was just like work, work, work constantly. And it was less than a year later we got outta debt. So Yeah. Boy to go. You know, And I would also add to that, to everybody listening, don't wait to start. Yeah. Like I was in like a hopeless place. But after we started, like there's, there's so much more hope on the other side of that. So Don't, it does start with don't a pin prick of light and then it gets larger and larger. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. And it starts to be just a real light at the end of the tunnel. That's not a train. Yeah, That's good. And I heard this recently that that thing you just said, when you're in a hopeless place place with no hope, that remembering hope is an action.


It's, it's, it's that first step. So start the class, right? Yeah. What was the church you were going to in Minnesota? Crossroads in Hastings, Minnesota. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah. Very cool. Yeah. Little church. Well hats off to those guys for offering the financial peace university class. Yeah. Thank you you. Yeah. Well done. Alright, Randall and Renee. All Right. Get the guys up here. We wanna see 'em on camera. They get to scream because they too are free now. And good stuff. Very good. I like it. I like it. Good. Alright, Randall and Renee. Theron and Elias, our own team right here. 118,000 paid off in five years. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 2, 1. We debt-free.


Yay. Love it Man. That's powerful. Way to go. You guys. Proud of you. Proud to have you on this team. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter. No purchase is necessary and you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


Big news, there's another chance to get away with your spouse at the money and Marriage Getaway. It is back for Valentine's Day weekend goes on sale today. You can spend three incredible days in Nashville with Dr. John Delony, Rachel Cruz, learning the tools to strengthen your connection, deepen your intimacy and more. Again, Dr. John Delony, Rachel Cruz. February 12 through 14 goes on sale today. Early bird pricing right now. Tickets start at only 7 49, a couple. You can get your tickets for the lowest prices before they end at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash getaway. Or click the link in the show notes. And also there's a money and Marriage Getaway still available in November, November six through eight. It is almost sold out. So we put the February date, the Valentine's Day date on sale today.


Our question today is brought to you by Why Refi. Some lenders won't touch defaulted private student loans, but Why Refi was built for this exact problem, they'll explore refinancing options with a low fixed rate custom built deal. For your situation visit Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be available in all states.


Oh Boy. Buckle up. I just read through this question Dave. This is the part of the show after 30 years where we get canceled. Today's question comes from Jeff in California. Our dog has had some hefty vet bills recently. Oh boy. It's got my wife and me wondering what is the maximum amount we should spend to save his life? We're baby step seven. We make 127 KA year. But could use some help on how to think through if this, if we have to make this tough decision. Oh Dave, I have a dog that I like more than most of you. Me too. I have two of them.


I have a third dog that I can't stand dumber in a box of hair, but I love the other two. Yeah. I've had 11 or 12 dogs in my life and they are the favorite things I've ever had. I just love dogs. My dog, I've got a little have anese bear dog. It's 12 pounds a bear dog. It's well, legend has it. Bear, bear dog will protect you from bears. And I think legend is true. 'cause I've not seen a single bear since I got it. So there you go. So we go for a walk. We did five miles on the golf course this morning at 5:00 AM and the dog is trained to come sit. It's beautiful. It's a wonderful dog. And I I truly prefer this dog to most people.


Yes, I really do. It is, however, a dog, it's not my grandchild. If you ask this question about my grandchild, how much would I spend all the money I've got All of it, all the money I've got. And then some. Okay. This is an animal that I love dearly, but it is an animal. And I will tell you, being the old guy here whose wife grew up on a farm, and therefore you eat Bessie that you bottle fed six months ago, and then you shoot Bessie and you eat her. So there you go. She's got no attachment to these things. It's a dog doesn't even care that I like the dog, but So you gotta kind, she keeps a perspective on this thing.


So, but What we've observed with people that love their animals like we do, is that it becomes about us instead of the dog. That's it Right there. And we spend $8,000 to keep the dog alive while the dog is suffering and it's not fair to the dog. Amen. And that's what usually happens around this kind of question. Yep. And I could fall prey to that too. I just explained this to you, my, I mean, I'm about to cry just talking about it, but No, the seriously Yeah, I, man, I've put 'em down. I, I mean, we've had 'em send them to heaven and, but I mean, we had one that when the kids were little, they got spinal bifida.


So at eight months old, the dog can't walk and the vet says 2,500 bucks, we can do a back surgery and the dog probably will still not walk and it will be in pain. And I'm like, so why are we the 2,500 bucks isn't the point? The point is, do we do a, what what are we doing to this dog and why is this, what's this for? Right. This is for the children to watch to make our children watch a dog suffer. Right. Well, that's dumb. Right. And So, you know, you just kind of have to get past this thing of we don't get to play God and keep them alive. They have a lifespan of 10, 12 years maybe and or whatever they live. And So we outlive 10 or 12 of 'em if you live to be 70 years old. And so you kind of gotta get that built into the system here and not put the poor animal through suffering because you're a big baby and you can't cry.


But I've sat there and cried sobbed while we, while the vet puts one of 'em down. And, but that requires more courage than prolonging the dog's life and letting it suffer. It's honoring that animal from Animal if we can actually fix the animal. Well sure, yeah. We would spend some money on it. And that would be the percentage of money you spend on that would be, you know, if, if you have some money, do I go $14,000 in debt to put new hips into a Labrador retriever? No, you do not. If you, if you that, if you don't have the $14,000, you're going into debt to do it. No. And you're not buying a 14,000 car either with debt. I'm not gonna tell you to do that either.


It's a dog and so, oh, well it's, it's your unkind I, oh, well, you know, just go ahead and whatever hate mail you want to add to the RAMSEY file, just put it out out there on Reddit or wherever it is. You people do what you do have at it. But you know, most of the time this is about the person, not the dog. Yeah. I, I, here's what I think, and this is, this is gonna make me sound equally on the other side, super soft. I think dogs are one of the greatest gifts to humankind. And I made a commitment to my dog, my very first dog I had of my own. I I tell you this, probably the top 10 hardest I've ever sobbed in my life was in that, in that room. And I put that dog down. I, it takes me two seconds.


I can get choked up on that. Yep. And what the commitment I made as a new dog owner when I was 20 years old was, I'm always gonna do what's right by this dog, not what's right by me. And So what you mentioned, the dog got sick and hey, we can do this And we can keep it going here And we can do that. That's not the dog I had. The dog I had was a maniac and love being out and love chasing stuff and to steal that from that dog so that I don't have to have a really challenging, tough experience and weeks of grieving and all that you're gonna have Anyway. I'm Gonna have it anyway. Right. It's just dishonoring the Dog is not gonna outlive You. It's dishonoring it unless something's exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm a big believer in honor that animal and Yeah. And, and they've gotten so sophisticated with vet medicine now, it's almost, they can do like the surgeries they do on people they can do on these dogs now so they can prop 'em up and prolong 'em and all that.


It's just dishonoring to that animal that, that's my Opinion. You get a puppy, just mark the calendar, you got 10 or 12 years Yeah. That or eight, You know, or depending on the dog. Right, right. You know, and how screwed up their bloodline is, but yeah. How inbred they are. But the, you know, it's just that, that's, They're an amazing gift, man. But they're, they're for A short time. This dog, this dog I've got is two years old and it's just now got its brain grown in. I mean, the dog did not have a brain. It was ridiculous. And now it's turned into the smartest animal, one of the smartest animals I've ever had. But I've worked that dadgum animal man, it's unbelievable. And I love this dog, I'm telling you. But I, I'm already, I'm 64, I'm gonna outlive this dog.


Right. And I gotta deal with that right now, you know, when I'm sitting here talking about this. So it breaks my heart, Jeff. So I, number one rule is you don't go into, if you have to go into debt, it means you can't afford it. Number two rule is, and more important than number one is, is the dog suffering? And this is for you. And I gotta tell you, 90% of the questions I've taken on the air about this are that issue. That's where it boils down to. It becomes about the human rather than the dog. And it just requires great courage to bring an end to something. And courage doesn't mean you don't cry, right. And I Courage means you have the courage to cry. Yeah. There's that too at length. So, so any of you now, now this is not the George Kamel sell the horse show.


If you want to add to that, you have to Go to a different hate page to add, to add to that one because George, George has all the horse people in America torn up. It's the anti equine association. George is Anti equine. The George is the, George Kamel is the President, the charter president of Anti equine. We need a logo for that one. Just a horse with the line through it. I love it. George isn't even here to defend himself, but he will when he gets here. Oh man. Oh, it's fun. Hey guys, this is fun. And it's this idea of, you know, what happens with money as it gets tangled up in all your values Yeah. And emotions. Yeah.


And your emotions and get used to that. It's in your relationships, it weaves into that and, and stuff like, you know, how long we let a dog die? How, how long we let a dog live? You know, and what's good for the puppy? So love your dog. Well, that's the point. We Love them so well that you don't ask them to suffer for you. This is The Ramsey Show.


Go call every customer.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue Truck. All Right, by the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-Bye now Truck. You had it. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.