
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Ken Coleman. Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us. He's the number one bestselling author and host of The Ken. Coleman Show as well. Shauna's with us. Shauna is in Chicago. Hi Shauna. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Thank you. I, I appreciate you and your staff and what, what work you did to get to give me some direction. I appreciate it. Thank you. We'll try.


How can we help? Well, I need some help finding a job. I'm 72, married, no access to any finances that was taken away from me four and a half years ago. So I, get my So I. Don't know. I used to handle, it's a, he has a business out of the home. I worked for him for 27 years. No pay, no putting into my social security. So I was, anyway, so all of a sudden, don don't know change of life, what the heck happened? But he took my name off everything. Deleted our life insurance policies.


So, I. Have no idea what we have. I did. Why, why are you going along with that? What are my options? I'm off. I'm off. Well, that, that sounds abusive to me, does it Not to you. Well, Well for sure. It's, from what I find out, it's financial abuse. Yeah. And which is illegal. And I have a call in today, it kind of escalated And I have a call into legal aid because I obviously, I have no money for a attorney. But yeah, it's, I know he is up to his eyeballs in debt. He did this two other times, took the responsibility away from me and made such a mess that I cleaned it up for him two times while, yeah.


He lives downstairs. And I live up here. And between How Long have y'all been married? 52 years. Hmm. So I. Anyway, I am, I'm looking for some side hustle. Something I can do from home. I have a lot of health issues, which creates a lot of medical bills, which, you know, I'm having trouble keeping up with. I owe my daughter 2300. She's, I don't even get money for groceries. I think the last time I went to the grocery store was a month ago. She gives me food that she feeds her family. And anyway, it's, it's, I know you don't need a side hustle.


You need to see a lawyer today. That's right. Well that's, I know. And A lawyer will take, a lawyer will take your case on the idea that they're gonna get money that the two of you have community property. I don't care if his name's on it. Your name's on it. It's Illinois. And half of what is owned in a 52 year marriage is yours. Whether it has your name on it or not. And an attorney can explain that to this. Your husband's out control, honey. This is what I, I know. And the problem is, is that if I go, why I haven't gone to a lawyer is I'm afraid we're gonna lose our house. He has not paid income taxes In three years. I filed money. Do you think I'm not dealing with this is gonna keep that from happening.


No, Of course it's gonna happen anyway. Only the difference is you're not gonna see it coming House. I'm gonna, I'm gonna lose my house. I'm gonna Lose. You already have. Probably. But we don't know. I mean, we don't know. You don't know. All you're worrying about is the, the, the troll that lives in the basement. I know. I And you're scared of him. Yeah. I'm afraid that he's going to, I'm gonna lose my house and Baby, you missed under missed the point. You could be 10 payments behind right now and not know it. And you knowing it. The paid doesn't keep you from losing it. The house is paid off that I I took care of that back when I was here.


It Was, Yeah, it Was paid off. Yeah. We don't know if it is now. Oh yeah. Well, I guess you're right, but I Don't, yeah, you need to find out what the flip's going on. Not knowing is not a strategy. I do a little snooping in his Honey. He works out the home. Get a lawyer and hit him between the eyes. That's right. You're being abused. Well, That would be, but dancing with this go smack it. I still need to find a job. Okay, so let me ask you this. What did you do to clean it up before? You said you cleaned it up. That implies to me that you might have been working. Is that correct? You, you had some income? Never. I Worked, yes.


I worked for a nonprofit and all of my check went into the business account. I I know I've been terribly. Okay, so what did you do for the nonprofit? I was an admin. Okay. I, What I would be looking for today. Okay. But Dave's right, don't miss what we're saying. Your first agenda item is a lawyer. And if it's only legal aid, you get a bulldog who wants to make a name for themselves and get some media on the story. 'cause this guy is an absolute psycho from a lifetime movie. That's what I think your husband is. I'm not gonna mince words on that. So No, you need to play that up. But listen to me. What you need to do today is you need to be looking at, there are national organizations out there that have, they are remote administrative positions.


Okay? So it is a, it is a executive assistant and it is remote. And if you've done it before, you can do it again. Customer service where you're on the phone. Large companies, they're looking for people who are willing to get on the phone all day long and answer questions that give you a script. These are things that you can do and you can do it full time, 40 hours a week. But I would use that experience and try to become an executive assistant that is, again, remote. You don't have to leave the house. These are things you can do now to try to bring some money in. But my goodness, Dave, this is Sean. What I, what I'm afraid of is you're looking for a job to make a little money so that, yeah, you don't have to deal with this. That's a very Good point. But guess what?


You gotta deal with this. And the sooner you decide, you're not gonna, you've been avoiding it for 52 years. You've been walking down this thing and you know, for four years you've been living in a completely abusive situation and you've been avoiding dealing with it. My daughter gets me some groceries. So I don't have to deal with it. I'll get a job. I can get a little money. So I can survive upstairs and the troll in the basement can do what he wants. And I don't have to deal with it, but guess what? You're still gonna have to deal with it. This stuff has a high rate of resurrection. As our friend Les says, when you keep these things buried, they, they just pop back up like a dad.


Gum, zombie. And you have got to deal with this stuff. And so the, and the sooner you come to the conclusion of, I know I'm scared, And I, I'm, I'm afraid of what I'm gonna find out. I i, the unknown, the, the devil that I know is sometimes much better than the unknown. But the unknown right now seems to be friendly to you. You, you prefer not to know how bad this situation is. You prefer not to go through the heavy amount of conflict that is probably in your near future, but you really don't have a choice. You're living like a homeless person. No money to buy food after 52 years of marriage.


Now honey, that's ridiculous. So you're gonna have to get an attorney and you're gonna have to deal with this starting right now. And I can't believe your daughter is standing on the sidelines watching this circus and hasn't reached and grabbed her dad by the hair and said, you straighten up, you common and feed my mother. Oh my gosh. First time I gotta buy groceries for somebody that's supposed to be taken care of by somebody else. Is what? I'm gonna grab that somebody else. Hello. Hey Ken Psycho Lifetime movie. Yeah. You know, like Lifetime movies have psychos.


Yeah. You know, I think those, I thought that was Hallmark. No, no. Lifetime Hallmark is all G rated Lifetime. I know, but I mean, PG 13. Okay. I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah.


And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, oh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I the middle? How be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston And I actually get all of our life insurance. And It doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud. And you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. to get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. Or go to xandr.com.


Ken Coleman Ramsey Personality is my co-host today, the best way to make the most of your money is by creating and sticking to a monthly budget. EveryDollar makes it simple to plan spending, track expenses, and save for what matters most to you all in an easy to use app that fits into your busy lifestyle. Keep a pulse on your spending and make progress on your money goals with EveryDollar. Download EveryDollar for free in the app store store or Google Play. Or just go to EveryDollar dot com. It'll work there too.


Vincent's in New York City. Hi Vincent, how are you? I'm good Dave. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up So I just graduated undergraduate in accounting and finance in May. And, I have a job lined up full time for October and I'm now studying for the CPA and I'm just kind of second guessing the whole field, honestly. What's causing you to second guess it? I did an internship last summer for a big four accounting firm in the city. And although it was great, it made a lot of connections and like learned a bunch about audit, which is the particular field I'm in. I don't know if the corporate, the corporate culture is for me. I mean, I usually love like working with my hands, working outside.


And. I was looking into getting a degree in engineering management just one year online. I have no student student debt. So I was wondering if that's maybe a good idea if I like that better Maybe. But before we determine that I would take this job that's been offered to you 'cause you're trained for it, you know, you can actually do it. And, I would go ahead and let's start putting some money in the bank and stay debt free. And then cash flow. If, if, if, if you spend some time, and I'm gonna give you a concept called the proximity principle. It says, in order to do what I want to do, let's say it's engineering, in your case, I gotta be around engineers, I gotta be in places where engineers are, you know, that could be online groups, that could be local groups.


I gotta be around engineers. And the whole purpose is I want to verify that this is actually something that I will enjoy doing. And the way to do that is coffees, lunches, if they'll let you shadow them for half a day, right? That's how you assume everything that you can possibly assume about it. And, I call that clarifying and verifying. And that's just gonna allow you to go, okay, I get excited. I, I get, I get the juice when I watch this kind of work. Or I hear about it, I hear the good, I hear the bad And I hear the ugly. And after that point, if you're heading heart are aligned, that means your logic and the emotion for the actual work.


Then the answer is, if you have to go to school for one year to get a ticket to the dance, then the answer is yes. But while I'm determining this, if it were me, I would take the opportunity right in front of me 'cause I know I can do it. And if it takes me a year, year and a half or so to make that transition, if in fact that's the right transition, that's the way I would play it if I were in your shoes. Yeah. It's very unlikely you spend four years sit for your CPA to do accounting that you Absolutely. To test accounting. Now maybe you detest corporate America. Yeah. Well that doesn't mean you have to do that. That's a different issue where you do accounting. Doesn't matter.


You can do accounting a lot of different places or where you use the skills from an accounting degree and a CPA, not unusual for A CFO to graduate into the CEO role in a company a a mid-size company or small company. Not unusual at all for that to happen because they know how to run the financial side of the business. And so, you know, numbers, people do well inside a business. And so it's not required that you sit in the basement with books stacked around you and no one knows you're there like Milton and his stapler to do audits. Okay.


It's just not required. That's not that, that's not the only picture that your degree sets you up for So, I would do something like Ken's saying and really lean into it and say, alright, here's the parts of accounting I hate after really doing it with great gusto for a year. And here's the parts of accounting I really like because something led you here, sir, you didn't wander along at doing something for the last four years that you detest. And then suddenly when you're sitting for your CPA and you actually have to go to work, now all of a sudden you wake up and go, I've been working on things I hate the whole time. No you haven't.


That's not true. You looked over and didn't like the place you're about to land. That's what's going on. And so dude, lean into it. Go bust something, knock something over. Be be a force of nature in the marketplace. Have some enthusiasm for what we're doing here and and if the place you're working at sucks, go get another place. No, this is not slavery. You're allowed to move around. Yeah. And it's not a permanent Yeah. And the only thing I'd add to that Dave, you're absolutely right, is, is he's got to Absolutely. You can't let a feeling like a negative experience or a negative environment over an internship totally knock you off the path.


Exactly. That's the issue. Check it out. Make sure this wasn't a, this wasn't a series of emotions that made you question the wrong things. Well, and, and so what am I going to, I'm gonna go get another dadgum degree. Oh geez. You're killing me here. I know. That's just the worst thing to Do. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm going hide by hide from facing down these demons and figuring out what I'm gonna do by running from degree to degree to degree end up with more degrees than thermometer. Never done anything. Right. So no, I don't wanna do that. I want you to go to work Now. Get out here in the marketplace, knock some stuff down, get knocked down, find out what's fun, find out what you hate, and, and then let that inform your next career shift.


And by the way, you may not have to touch another classroom to go from CPA. That's right. Into simply managing engineers. That's Right. One of rocket call out here on this, and we don't know if this is what Vincent did, but a lot of people Dave could wind up in Vincent's place because they were always good at numbers and because they were always good at numbers, they kind of go, well, that's the direction I go. And then all of a sudden he goes that direction, this could have happened. And then he realizes when I actually get in there and see it, I realize I don't want to be number crunching. But see, that's a mistake that can be made as well. You've gotta combine the talent with the work that's enjoyable. And so that same numbers brain could very well do well in engineering because it's an ana it's the analytic side of the numbers that he enjoyed more than the actual Okay.


Help me. That's An interesting dynamic. Me, help me make the distinction between this. Okay. For people out there listening, Vincent aside. Okay. The, the, there's, I don't know what bucket, don don't know how to what, what verbiage to put with this. You probably have the vernacular for this. Okay. So there are people that are really good with numbers and love to crunch the actual detail down in the weeds. I, on the other hand, I am fabulous at math. Yeah, Very Good. It's a natural skill for me. And, I detest, right. Going into the details. That's Correct. I So I'm designed to do what I do right here on this microphone.


But if you had put me in the basement with my stapler and Milton beside me, I mean I would've gone postal. Right. So let me, so let me give you that Breakdown not to say that anymore, are you? Anyway, I think you can. That's Okay. Okay. It's one of the great scenes from a great movie. Okay. So, We not miling the postal thing. Oh, the postal. Oh yeah. I guess you can say that. See I'm so unaware of all Those things. I Me too. I'm the worst guy to ask What's Offensive? I don't care either. Move On, move on. Alright, so here's the difference. You're good with math, but if you were to take the talent of math and then take a work like analysis, you'd go crazy. Yeah. But what you did is you took the talent of math and you married it with the talent of instruction.


You are a teacher. Yeah. But that's What you've done. But what I'm saying is, See how you work that Though. Is there not some people that use a certain skill on a, from a, a strategic viewpoint and some from a tactical viewpoint? Yeah. Yeah. That's the bucket I'm looking at. Yeah. It's like I'm above it looking down on it. Not, not in a snobbish way. Right. But I mean when if I have to get down in it, it, it's messy. Right. But, but I can do the big math real fast here and And I get And. I can look for patterns in this place. Right. I can go over our accounting reports in 15 minutes here. Right. And know exactly what's going on at Ramsey. Right. I could see the numbers. They talked to me. That's right. That's right. They talked to me. But if I had to create those numbers, that's What I'm saying. Yeah. You're not a process guy, you're an instruction guy, you're a People.


But I think people out there, what what can happen is somebody that's good at math thinks the only way to utilize that skill is the tactical detail. That's it. You can't just take proficiency and say, that's what I'm saying. Say the only thing I can do. You could Be really good at the English language and not need to be writing content every day. That's exactly Right. Well the methodology is this. I use what I do best to do what I enjoy. And you took your talent of numbers and you combine it with what you enjoy. And that is teaching and instructing and communicating. Yeah. But I And I think sometimes people get real tactical with their gift. Oh yeah. Just I can only do this. Yeah. This is The Ramsey Show.


Dying without a will can cost your family thousands of dollars in legal fees and administrative costs. A will gives you peace of mind knowing things will be taken care of the way you want and it saves your loved ones extra stress at a tough time. So making a will on Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com should be your number one thing on your to-do list. And if you need another reason, August is national make a will month. You guys creating your will takes just 20 minutes on Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com. Heck you can do it during halftime of the game if you're watching. So you got no excuse. Plus you can make changes to your will for free for up to 180 days until you're completely satisfied. There are a lot of online will companies out there, but with Mama Bear there are no membership fees, no subscription and no upselling. The price you see at the beginning is the price you pay. So go to Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com and save 20% with a promo code Ramsey. And now you really have no excuse not to get it done. That's 20% off at Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com with the code Ramsey


Ken Coleman. Ramsey Personality is my co-host Taylor's in Kansas City. Hi Taylor, how are you? Hey good Dave. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So man, I've been been able to teach a class back in the day at church and And, I have really been trying to get ourselves in a, in a better spot as the family. I work as a teacher and here recently after basically having a second mortgage paying off student loans, we sold everything we, we moved to a rental, sold our home, paid off everything. And here we find ourselves debt free, loving the extra income, have a chunk sitting in savings and really just kind of like, okay, now what?


Looking to kind of get some guidance on what to do with the chunk of money that we have sitting there and setting some stuff up for our kids for college and what we should do next. You're renting? Yes. We moved to a rental here back in June. And how much is the chunk sitting there in your debt Free? A little over 50 grand. Okay. Alright. And how old are your kiddos heading to college? Not quite yet. I've got a 16-year-old that's in high school and he's a junior this year. And then I've got a 12-year-old. And your household income's what About $8,700 a month is our take home. Good.


Okay. Alright. Well I mean does, do you have the emergency fund of three to Six months of expenses in addition to the 50 grand or is that in the 50 grand? No, we do not. We have like 52 grand sitting there, just kind of one big pot at the moment. Okay. And we took this last, So your household expenses are what? Monthly? Right around four grand. Okay. So you need 12 or 15,000 sitting for an emergency fund. Carve that out of the 52. Sure. Put it in a separate account. Okay, Now you're at baby step four, five and six. You should be putting 15% of your income away for retirement. You should be thinking about kids college. Now that leaves us with the, the $35,000, $37,000 that's left in that account.


There's two things it needs to go towards. One is we need to sit down and do some detailed planning on where the 16 year old's gonna go to school. Like in-state tuition or community college. And so what money of that do we need to set aside? We don't need to set it all aside and what money of that are we gonna cash flow and what money is he gonna get on scholarships and what money is he gonna earn while he works while he's in school? Those are three, you know, so where you go to school gives us the price tag. Then how much in scholarships and work is he gonna help with?


What are you gonna maybe give him a jumpstart year one or something like that. And you know, of course school selection is the biggest, the biggest thing you decide financially oncologists where they go because it'll range from 10,000 to 80,000 a year. Yeah. Okay. So obviously this kid's not going to 80,000, you don't have it. Right. Okay, so that's, so we're gonna, we need a strategy for his, so here's kinda what I'm thinking. I'm thinking you're probably gonna earmark about 17 of that 37 towards the 16-year-old to get him going. And you're gonna pick some schools you can cash flow, he can help pay for and he can get scholarships for.


And we lay out a strategy now that that 17 will help you accomplish. And then I'm gonna use the other 20 towards to rebuild a down payment fund. To purchase another home. Sure. Does that make any sense? Yeah, that, that makes sense. I I think the other part with that was just kind of okay with that, that excess, now that's each month with what to do with that. Where we look to put that Pallet in, pallet in the buildup. If, if you, if the 17, once you lay the formula out, the detailed formula starting with we're gonna go to an inexpensive school, what's it actually cost? Let's look at the school, let's, what's the actual numbers? Let's don't dream up and have vague theoretical concepts.


Lay down the numbers. This is what it costs to go to Kansas State and this is what it costs to go to, to be a Jayhawk and this is what it costs, you know, whatever it is. Right. We're gonna lay it out here and here's the community college and now we're gonna choose. Okay, that's alright. If we put 17 towards that, you're gonna go get scholarships for this much and you're gonna work and we're gonna provide a little bit out of our cash flow when you get there two years from now to help you get through debt free. Okay. So once we've got that laid out, if the 17 works as an example, it's an example. Now I've got So, I took the 52 and I've carved it into three buckets. 17 for the kid, 15 for the emergency run. That leaves me 20 in the, in the down payment fund and all excess that I can find in the monthly budget's gonna go to build that up.


'cause you need to get back in a house. Sure. Long term. I mean, we're not panicking, but we need to have. Yeah. So the point being is that we've got a series of goals here. All of them are good goals and we just need to force rank them and work our way through 'em. And that's all I was doing with you. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Really good job. It feels pretty good sitting where you're sitting, doesn't it? Yeah. It it's a wild thing, you know? Yeah. And, and looking at only six, seven years away from potential retirement as a teacher, you know, I, I like what that PSRS system looks like, but wanting to set ourselves up to, to not have our kids be 45 and paying off student loans, you know? Yeah. We don't need that. We don't need that. We're, we're done with that.


You're breaking the cycle and so For sure. For sure. Way to go. Good job. Yeah. I love that move. I love that. You know, because now they've got a blank canvas and if they follow the baby steps. Now we're talking about baby steps millionaires pretty Soon. Absolutely. Bob's in Dallas. Hey Bob, how are you, Bob, For taking the call? Sure. How can we help? Hey Dave, can you hear Me? Yes sir. What's up? Yeah. Quick, quick quote. And my fiance, And I have separate IRAs and once we get married, Your phone, your phone's cutting out. You said your fiance and you have separate IRAs and once you get married, what Should we combine those IRAs into one IRA account?


You can't Or should we leave them separate? You can't. You Not. IRA stands for individual retirement account. Okay. There are no married accounts, but you do have beneficiaries on all of them. Okay. So all 4 0 1 Ks and all IRAs should have a beneficiary name, meaning when you die, who's it go to? And you need to change those to your wife's name and she needs to change those to her husband's name. Got it. You wouldn't believe the number of times, dude, it probably doesn't apply to you, but the number of times we find out four years later somebody dies after a divorce and forgot to change the beneficiary and the ex gets the 401k money. Boy, people get pissed off when that happens.


You don't Say, did you forgot to change the beneficiary on the life insurance or on the, after the divorce or on the 401k? I Have bad dreams about that stuff. Like every year we do our annual meeting with our, with our actual smart investor here locally. I'm always like, Yeah, what like that, have I forgotten? Have you checked everything to make sure I've done it right? Yeah. Debbie is in Detroit. Hi Debbie, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. How can I help So? I'm out of debt other than our mortgage and we're on steps four, five, and six and my job just last week offered all of the employees a buyout Yay. Of Five months. Yay.


A five month salary and Six months payout of Cobra. Complete payout of our paid time off a bonus. And I'm just trying to figure out if I should take this or not or if I should stay with the company. Yeah. What would, what would you do if he didn't take it? What's the alternative? Well, that's the problem. If I stay with the company, I'm in a department of two people and for sure the other woman that I work with in that department is taking this package. Exactly. So They would probably expect me to take on the work of two full-time employees. And how do you feel about that future? I don't feel good about that future. Yeah. What do you make?


Well, with overtime I make about 120. What do you do a year? I'm in purchasing. Okay. So what if you went and got another job in purchasing like in 20 minutes and this, well that's this huge amount of money becomes just a signing bonus. Exactly. That was my plan because there is an opportunity for me to stay with the company until April, 2025. So my plan was to find a job that starts in April, 2025. As soon as I walk out the door of this company and just pocketing this, Pay every bit of that buyout and payoff because yeah, that's your plan. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes, yes. And yes, yes, yes, yes and yes.


I like it. That's fun. This is The Ramsey Show.


With so many health insurance options and so much fine print, you need to work with someone you can really trust. Health Trust Financial has partnered with Ramsey for 20 years, saving our fans money and hassles with the right coverage and great service. Health Trust Financial works for you, not the insurance company. And they're the only health insurance company Ramsey recommends. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com. That's Health Trust Financial dot com.


Today is question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. If you're in over your head with private student loans and you're tired of getting calls from collection agencies, you need Why, Refi, Why, Refi refinances, defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch. And they give you a low fixed rate loan customized to you so you can actually pay your bill. That's pretty cool. It's a good way to get the whole thing straightened out. Go to Y refi.com/ramsey today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ramsey might not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Aiden in Virginia, I had a work accident that put me out of work for a few weeks. When I returned to work on light duty, I was assigned to a different department. I enjoy it and have been asked to stay in this position, which will come with a hefty pay increase. The only downside is that if I choose to stay in this position, a work friend of mine will probably be fired. He's the person who encouraged me to grow in my relationship with God and to do the baby steps to tackle my finance issues. How do I save my friendship with my coworker if they fire him and give me his position? I'm scared that he will think I've been faking the friendship and just trying to take his job. I don't wanna lose this opportunity at work, but also don't want to be the cause of my friend losing his job. Well, Aiden, I'm a little confused with the way the question is worded because they've put you in a position and they want you to stay in this position.


And I don't see the connection to where that position was, his position. 'cause he's still there. So if you know something we don't know. And you've got a hunch here. If your hunch is right, this is a pretty sticky situation. It's a pretty tough situation. And I don't have a quick answer to that. Although it, what I would do is they've asked you to stay in this position so that implies they like you and you've got a little bit of leverage to say, Hey, here's a question. If I take this, I've heard this or I'm feeling this, is this true? Because you've got some hunch or somebody's told you something. And I would go to the leader in a private meeting. Yeah.


And I would ask the leader if this is in fact true. I would not assume Anything. Exactly. I think you've added drama to this. Yeah. I don't know if that's true. The way you've, the way you've worded this, it doesn't sound like it's a lock. So here's the thing. Business ethics are fairly easy. Treat other people like you wanna be treated. Okay? So you switch shoes. How would you want your friend to be treat you if it was you? I could tell you what I'd want 'em to do. I'd want 'em to come clean. Tell the whole bunch I, if I'm you, I'd walk in the boss's office, And, I.


Say, boss, thank you for this position. I am so grateful. I'm so excited. But I gotta tell you, if it means that my friend gets fired, yeah. I can't do it to him. I'm not going to be the cause of my friend losing his job as much as I want this, I would love to have this job, but I will not, I cannot do that. It's wrong for me to cause my friend to get his head chopped off. No. That's the answer. I agree. And, and if you lose the job, you lose the job. But you can't, you gotta sleep with Aiden. You gotta look in the mirror. You gotta, you put your head on the pillow at night and go, whew.


I feel pretty good. Yeah, that sucked. I lost that position, but I did the right thing. And I gotta tell you, man, you can sleep when you do the right thing. Even if the right thing hurts. Even if the right thing leaves a mark, you can sleep and you don't get to your death bed. You know, many years from now with this stuff swimming around in your head wishing you hadn't done this crap. Yeah, I agree. But let's get to the bottom and let's make sure this is in fact the case. It doesn't feel like that the way it's been set up here. So we'll see If you just put all this stuff on the table, it makes everybody that's trying to do stuff behind the curtain, pay no attention to the men behind the curtain. You rip the curtain open, shine a spotlight on the whole thing and just say it all out loud.


Yeah. As Delony says, turn all the lights on. And by The way, that advice, when he says it that way, he's taking the high road and in that situation he can read the body language, read the tone, read the stumbling, the stu the stammering. If in fact that happens. And now he has a really good idea and he doesn't hurt his brand within the building. It's a win-win win all the way around to handle it that way. Absolutely. And if they're willing to lie and go behind your friend's back, they'll do it to you and slit his throat. You are next buddy. That's true. It makes you think you're different. So this ain't the sweetest job in the world.


All of a sudden it's a toxic environment and you want to get outta there. Anyway, so this, this, this, you know, the process of flipping on all the lights reveals everything here. Alright, boys and girls, it's like, Ken, one of my favorite things not sarcasm is someone comes in my office and says, you know, I need to tell you something about such and such, but I I you can't use my name. And I'm like, well you can't tell me, right? Because you, 'cause you're, you're what's known as a gutless wonder. Right. You know? Right. And no, you can't tell me. I don't, if you can't stand behind Yeah. Your problem. Yeah. Then you're just a gossip. I agree. And I'm not gonna, I'm not as a leader, I'm not gonna act on anonymous sources.


You can kiss my anonymous source. Not a chance. We're doing that. No way. That's just gutless, man. Yeah, I agree. I agree. Crazy. Zach is on the line. Zach is in Calgary. Hey Zach. What's up? Hey, can you hear me all right? Absolutely. How can we help? Perfect. Yeah. So I'm just looking for an outside opinion on my situation here. And I know you guys are gonna gimme a a straight answer. So I You can count on that brother. Yeah. So, we are a little tight on mortgage. Me and my wife, we knew that. What's that mean? You know?


Well, it's probably north of 40% of our take home. Yeah. That sucks. Monthly pay. Yes. So we're just trying to get some advice and what we should do. So what is the probability that your income is going to increase dramatically quickly. Unless I take side jobs consistently and work 12 hours plus a day. Not likely. You wanna do all that just to keep a house. don don't No, not Really. Yeah. And you to sell the house. You bought a house you can't afford. Yeah. If your income's not gonna go, if your income's not gonna go up fairly quick.


Not, I mean, you know, in the next year or two years or something like that. To where this Yeah. Where the house payment ends up being 25, maybe 30% of your take home rather than 40%. You, you're, you, you're, you know, you're in an unsustainable mathematical situation. You don't have any wiggle room in your dead gun budget. You are what we call house poor. Yeah, I understand. The house owns you. Yeah. You don't own the house. Oh, I feel it. Yeah. Yeah. Our other, our other idea was there with the job offer about two weeks ago. That's in a smaller town that pays less. But we could buy a house cash or have a very small mortgage or maybe a hundred k. What would keep you from doing that?


It's a small, small town. Oh. You don't wanna live there. Okay. That's, that's good. It's a good answer. Yeah. Nothing wrong. Nothing wrong with any of this. And so here's another option. Get a better job. Yeah. And stay where you are. Yeah. Well that's the thing. I'm, I'm a plumber. And I got one of the better paying jobs in Calgary. So What's your wife do? She's a stay at home mom. Okay. She's homeschooling her kiddos. Okay. Alright. Yeah. You guys just, you, you, you got house fever, which causes the brain to stop working and causes us to purchase something we can't afford. And then the fever went away and the bill is still there. And you woke up and realized you'd made a mistake.


And so I'm sorry. You, you either have to get your income up or you have to get rid of this house. These are your two options. There's nothing else that's gonna work here, man. What's your sitting in? And you've discovered this. You, you knew it before you called us. It's unsustainable. You cannot win. Everything you do after you pay this house payment is hard because the house payment's, just eating your lunch, no pun intended. So. I mean, it's just, it's hard. I've done it too, Zach. I mean, I, I've done that kind of thing and you go, oh crap, I'm so, what did I do? You know, you get, oh man, it's hard. But the good news is you can sell it and you don't, it's not, it's not a tattoo.


It's not gonna be there forever. So you can get rid of it. That's a plan. Get rid of it. Sell the house. Sorry. That puts us out of The Ramsey Show in the books. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play. Or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next.


So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, Ramsey Personality, host of The Ken Coleman Show number one bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose is my co-host. Today we're here to help you. The phone number's Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Kristen is with us in Fort Worth, Texas. Hi Kristen. What's up? Hi Dave. I am so honored to be on this show.


I'm a little bit nervous trying to gather my thoughts to make sure that I've asked all the questions I wanna ask. But I would first of all like to say that thankful to my husband for finding your show almost five years ago, we were able to put down save $50,000 to put down on the house. Wow. So I. Appreciate all the hard work that you pour into others to be able to change their family trees. So, I wanna start out by saying that Good job, And I. Guess I have more of a moral support question. I know the last year my husband's been able to, you know, I was following along with his plan and for the last year I'd say I intentionally try to follow your plan and listen to y'all show on my way home from work.


And a lot of people call on for moral support. So my husband recently lost his twin brother yesterday to, he took his life and Oh, my, His twin brother committed suicide yesterday. Yes. And So, I'm so sorry. Yes. And I. Think for me we have five children and I just Wanna know how I can support him the best. And like any wisdom that you all may be able to bring to the table would be very helpful.


And just how I can support my husband through this time while also mourning and not getting so down that I can't support my household and support my husband. Yeah. And then I'm just afraid of losing my husband through this pain. So I don't know like the right steps to take. Do I just let him mourn for a while and then mention maybe him getting counseling or I just never been through this? Yeah, well I haven't either. I wish Dr. John Delony was sitting here beside me. Not that Ken Coleman is chopped meat or something, but, but neither one of us are professionally trained in what you're facing o obviously.


Okay. And he is, that's why I mean that So, Or any Like, just, just working in in pastoral care around families that had all kinds of things have happened over the years that a couple things that come to mind are, the good news is that, that ladies have a tendency to understand this quicker than men. We have to train men in in these situations. 'cause guys like to go in and fix everything. We wanna go in and make it all better. And you can't here. And so what we called it and, and still do call it, when you've got a friend that's hurting in your case, your husband is hurting the, we call it the ministry of presence.


Just going and sitting, being present. You don't have to say anything. You don't have to do anything. You don't have to come up with some pithy saying, people say some of the dumbest things at funerals. Well, he is in a better place. Well, yeah, he is, but I still miss him. You know. Well, I can't understand. Well, nobody understands. I mean, you can't, there's not, there's not a thing you can say that makes this pain go away. So don't say anything. That's the point. Or don't say much. Don't try to come up with a Bible verse that answers his pain. It doesn't. You just have to walk through it with him. So just holding his hands, making some comfort food.


You know, if he wants to talk, let him talk. If he wants to cry, let him cry. And just being present and, and grief is a process. You, you go through it, it comes in waves generally. And you do go through it though. You don't stay in it. This is particularly hard because of, like, this is particularly hard because suicide is particularly hard to grieve. Had twin, the loss of a twin because there's a special connection and we have twin, there's a special connection. We have Twin friends that are eight. So. I feel like it's almost hard to Yeah. You know, look at them and under the circumstances, so Well you, you can look at 'em and say, it's a beautiful thing.


Twins are, they have a special connection. My wife's a twin, she and her sister, they, they sometimes know what the other one's thinking and they're three hours apart. You know what I mean? I, it's, it's strange and it's weird and it's wonderful, but it's sad. It makes us super sad. So your kids are gonna be okay. You're gonna be okay and your husband's gonna be okay, but it's gonna take some time and just be kind and present and loving and, you know, listening. Don't try to fix it. If it goes on for weeks on end and he becomes depressed and doesn't go through the, the grief process, it doesn't begin to gradually there's some sunshine coming out of the dark clouds, then yeah, you're gonna recommend you see somebody.


But not 24 hours after his brother committed suicide, he does not need therapy 24 hours after he committed suicide. Yeah. I I would jump in really quick though, Kristen, I, if I were you in your shoes as the spouse and the fears that you've shared with us, I would call our friends at BetterHelp. This is a wonderful service. These are licensed therapists. And having someone who's a real pro give you some steps that you can take and advise you and counsel you. I agreed with Dave, your husband doesn't need it. But this wouldn't be a bad idea for you to get a, some sessions in there and have someone guide you through the best way to be present. As Dave said. There are some ways that you can do that.


And you also need to confront your fear because your, your husband's twin brother committed suicide doesn't necessarily mean that you should be projecting that fear. And I would talk to a professional about that. I think that'd be a wonderful step for you to Give you some tools to be present. Yeah. That's so sad. Wow. Tragic. The other thing the Ramsey family would do, we, we'd be on the phone with our pastor. Yeah, that's absolutely right. And we would want the the closest mature wise, calm, pastoral, pastoral pastor team and and and friends. Yeah. From our, our church community in our, you know, in our living room.


And it's, we're in the south, so you, you have to bring a casserole to everything. It's like a rule. So everybody brings food. It's like that's true. You're supposed to gain weight during this time. It's like, but we do. It's a, it's, it's part of the process. It's old school. But that there's Community. Community. What is it? Delony says, he always quotes the author. Grief demands a witness. And so having sitting in a room by yourself is not a good way, a healthy way to grieve. Yeah. You know, I just wanna be by myself. Yeah, that's okay for a little while. But having people around you just not to fix you, but just sitting there with you.


Yeah. Community is a big deal. This is The. Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey good folks. It's Delony and with Back to School Madness on Deck, my family's schedule is already so packed and we haven't even made room for things like exercise and date nights and counseling and all the other things that make our life even worth living. When it comes to taking care of me, I have to remember to put on my oxygen mask first. Meaning I have to do the things that help me stay well and whole. And you have to do the same thing too. Together we can show up and be strong in all of this chaos. So don't skip the things that matter to you, including therapy. And when it comes to therapy, call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, staffed with licensed therapist. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. Therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, set boundaries, and learn ways to find peace in the chaos. Be sure to put your oxygen mask on first and never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp h ellp.com/dione.


Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget is like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google play.


The Ramsey cash giveaway is here. Yeah, we're giving you away cash. About $10,000. You know the average student loan payment's 500 bucks. So that's around 20 extra payments for a lot of people who pay off their loan. Right. Hey, we actually have student loan forgiveness that works. Oh, for one person. Yeah. We're gonna give away $10,000. Yeah, that's pretty neat. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway Now through August 31st you can shop our $12 sale and you can enter the giveaway. No purchase necessary. Must be 18 to play. So if you want a $12 sale on any of our bestselling books by Ken Coleman, Dr. John Delony, Dave Ramsey, Rachel Cruz, Jade Warshaw and George Kamel, they're there. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Gina is in Gainesville, Florida. Hi Gina, how are you? Hey Dave, how are you? Better Than I deserve. How can I help? So a crane fell on top of one of our investment properties. Wow. Two days ago. Yeah. It kind of destroyed the house. It's completely inhabitable. And we were all very devastated about it. And then the, the tree removal company, they asked for partial payment. The tree removal company. It was their crane. Yeah, it was their crane. And they wanna be paid for destroying the house. Yeah.


They wanna be paid a partial payment and me and my husband are just very shocked that we're here. That's Hilarious. House And. I to You destroyed my house and you want me to pay you for that? Yeah. I'm glad you were as shocked as I am because Well that's just Ridiculous. You were in the wrong That's cray Craig. Yeah. So what, is there justification for this? Well they said that they still have to pay their employees for the work. Well, yeah. Even though is there employee that dropped the crane on my house? Yeah. That's kind of where we're feeling. We're feeling it's a completely ridiculous thing for them to have. Do they have insurance Business?


Yes they do. They have insurance and we're good in The process. Their insurance can pay their employees. Yeah, that's what we were thinking. I, I was I mean that's what sounds normal. Yeah. So lemme just help you with this. I'm not paying them. Yeah, that's what we were wondering if we should pay or not. Nope, Nope, nope, nope. And by the way, just asking for that so asinine that it's just laughable. Yeah. I mean seriously we thought that, but we were like, we're not business professionals. Maybe we're Wrong. No, no, it's not business. It's just common sense. Wanted To call you. It's common sense. Okay. I mean the, the mechanic working on my car runs it out the back and totals it.


But he wants to be paid for the break job. I mean really that's what we're talking about, right? Yes. Pretty much to a fair extent. Yeah. It's just dumber and crud man. Some people their, their parents are cousins. Oh my gosh. That's just, that's strange. Now I would just, you don't have to be mean about it. You could just say, listen, we're seeking legal counsel 'cause we wanna make sure that everything is made whole here. And when our lawyer tells us that we can release funds to you, it'll probably be, we will. But it'll probably be after the house is repaired. Because that's how these things work. I'm sorry you misunderstood how that's gonna work, but that's probably what we're gonna do. But we'll talk to our lawyer and let you know.


And you do need to actually probably get a lawyer. Yeah. We're in the process of Okay. Dealing with lawyers and attorneys and adjusters. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. Tell your lawyer about that request and after he gets done laughing he'll tell you what he, what he thinks you should do because that's exactly what's gonna happen. Talk, you know, talk, talk to the Listen, I'm not able to answer questions. That's dumb. You have to talk to my lawyer for dumb questions. Right. Dave's advice was way nicer than mine would've been. I had to tell these folks to pound sand. I mean, just literally get it. I mean you gotta be kidding me right Now. That's so funny. Partial Payment. That's so funny. We have to pay our employees. Yeah. Okay. I Know.


Probably should be do better work. You know that's scotching, that crane thing. That's a big deal. This is horrible. You dropped A crane on my house. Yeah, there's A YouTube thumbnail right there. That's what I dropped a crane on my house. Right. It's not, I've not had that call before. Yeah. 30 years I've been doing the show. Never had the crane dropped on my call house. Dropped on my house call. Yeah. Cheryl is Spokane. Hey Cheryl. What's up? Hi. how are you Better than I deserve? How can I help? I was wondering how do we save for the step four, the three to Six months emergency fund, and then the next step, retirement when we have upcoming expenses.


Okay. Maybe step three is your emergency fund of three to Six months of expenses. You're out of debt, you've gotten outta debt. No, but I will be, I'm on baby step two. Okay. And will be out of debt in two And half month. How much, how have you been, how have you been saving, how have you been getting outta debt? You had money in the room and margin in the budget to get out of debt, right? Yes. Okay. Why can't that room in the budget margin in the budget not be used to build up baby step three? Because we have, we need a new well on our property. Okay. So I'm wondering, should I, you know, How long, how long have you needed a new Well, on the property?


A year. Okay. And how have you made due without it? We have a cistern So, we have water delivered. It cost us 244 a month. How much will the Well cost Gotten? Like five different estimates. It just depends on how deep they have to drill. Anywhere from 20 to 30,000. Really? Yeah. You on a mountain or something? No, when the dry part of the Washington. Wow. Very rocky. Wow.


Okay. We're spoiled in Tennessee. We poke a hole in the ground. Water shoots out so Well. Nice. Yeah, I mean, it's crazy. There was a, it's everywhere. Just A couple doors down new house, just a couple. And that's what they're comparing it to. I think a new, new house, a couple doors down, they drilled. They had to go 280 feet. Why is that 20 grand And I. Is it solid rock? It's rocky. It's not solid rock, but Okay. I, I want you to, did you actually get a bid? Yes. You had one company or two companies come out and give you a bid?


280 feet is 20 grand is $20,000. That doesn't sound right. I mean, I've, I've drilled a thousand, I've drilled a thousand foot well in Tennessee and we didn't pay anywhere near that. And it's not solid. It has rock in Tennessee, but not solid rock, So, I. I'm, I really don't know. I've just done it and, and I'm not, I'm certainly not a well expert in the state of Washington, so I'm not questioning. I'm just, it sounds outta whack. So anyway, if I'm, if I'm in a situation and something sounds outta whack, And I, don't know. I'm ignorant about it, meaning I don't have knowledge about it, which is me right now in your situation. I don't know. I'm gonna gather more information.


I'm gonna become a freaking well expert for 20 grand. I'm gonna learn everything about it and every different company in the area that has any kind of new technology or old technology or different kinds of systems, and I'm gonna learn, you know? Okay, here are the 14 ways this can be done. 10 of them are ridiculous and these other four we can seriously kind of comb through and decide which way we're gonna do what is your household income Yearly or monthly? Yearly. 62,000. Okay. All right. So it's gonna take a while to get 20,000 no matter what we do.


Yes. How long you been doing the cistern thing? One year you said right? A year. Yes. The other well just went bad. It went dry. Yeah. Wow. What a pain in the butt. I'm sorry. That's a hard one because I don't know where you're gonna get 20 grand, whether do the how long, how, how much debt have you paid and how long did that take you? I, we had 9,000 in debt. And it took you how long? Four months ago. Four months ago. You did 9,000 in four months making 62,000. You've been making some extra money somewhere? No, no. I mean, no, I still owe 5,000 So I.


Okay. Alright. So anyway, extra work type budget, pile up money to get the money to do the well and do the emergency fund in some order. And you need to gather up more information because I'm, I've, I've got the German Shepherd on this one. I've got the hmm. The head sideways, right? And I. Wanna learn more? This is The Ramsey Show


Looking for a place to get honest and reliable news. Then check out the Megan Kelly show, hosted by my friend Megan Kelly. The me Kelly show is your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. No agenda and no fear. Megan also interviews a variety of guests from different backgrounds where she explores both sides of contentious issues. The show provides in-depth discussions and insights into relevant topics shaping society today. So be sure to look for the Meghan Kelly Show wherever you listen to podcasts.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Andreas gut, Gutierrez is my guest, The machete for your money. I can't say that I can't do the Spanish version. He, I, I chop up credit cards with scissors. He goes into the Latino community and chops 'em up with a machete and he does a show, much like this show on Spanish radio and in Spanish podcasting, answering questions. And Andreas used to be on our team years ago. He left to start to take what we were doing as a Spanish initiative in those days, years ago, and to do it on his own with our blessing. And he's an amazing, amazing young man.


And he dropped by Nashville today. He doesn't live here anymore. And was, did our devotional with our team this morning and we asked him to come on and hang out since he's a big time radio guy now that he left us. Welcome my friend Dave happier than a flea on a hairy dog. I love it. To be Back home. Well, this is your second home for sure. Your second home for sure. When you're always welcome here. So there's an awakening. You told me at lunch, we, we were having lunch a few minutes ago in the Latino community on this whole issue of money. Yeah. And I mean, you, And I have been having this discussion about how to take the, this message of debt freedom, of being responsible, being on a budget, thinking long-term, investing, all of the stuff that we do around here and, and inserting that more thoroughly into the Latino community.


We've been having that discussion for 15 years. You And I, but you're saying it's, they're waking up. There's a wake up. Yeah. Yep. Dave, before I answer that, let me just take a minute. On Romans 13 it says, to give honor what honor is due. And I'm happy to be here. I mean, my, my wife And I, we lived here for almost six years. My kids kind of grew up here, but the reason why we moved from San Antonio to Tennessee was because there was a moment when in your heart, you know, there was a soft spot for the Spanish speakers. And the story goes that you were trying to learn Spanish. We even hired a Spanish coach.


Yeah. And that kind of didn't work out Worse than that. We did overdubs that were really bad. Nasty. It was like a kung fu movie. Yeah. You know, it was like, oh, it was nasty With a Cuban accent. Yeah, Yeah. Was a Cuban it was a Cuban accent. I idea. All I knew was it wasn't English. Yeah. Okay. One day I took a call, Hillbilly Spanish is who? Yeah. That's, That's that's what it was. But I took a call and said, Hey, we're trying to reach this community. We know that, that these truth, you know, would, would, would change their lives. And we're looking for a Spanish communicator. And I. Remember that, the question, are you ready? And I was over there doing my thing as a financial advisor. And not long before that, I had this dream, you know, I woke up, And I knew there was something special.


And I saw myself teaching Spanish And I And I told my wife, and she said, don don't know. I said, you know, just pray about it. And then that call came in and that's what got this whole thing started. And I just wanna say thank you brother, you know, for, for your trust. But I just wanted to say, you know, thank you for that And I just wanted to honor you today. And thank you for the invitation. Well, thank you. And we had a good run here together. And you've had a great run after that. Yeah. So very, very well done. Very good. Good job, Man. But to answer your question, you know, this awakening didn't just happen because the earth tilted another degree.


It happened because we've been with this pick, you know, me and others probably, you know, and just with the internet, you know, with the, the internet opening up, you know, a a a platform for a lot of people. But we've had this, you know, pick on our hand and we've just been kin just hitting that rock and hitting that rock and hitting that rock. And then one story in one testimony to a two, to four, to eight to 16 to 64 to 1 28 to 56, whatever the number 5 12, 10 24. And that snowball, you know, has now, you know, impacted tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of families that are live living. You know, this, this, this, this awesome life, you know, where money is no longer a worry.


And you would be so proud and surprised, you know, what happens to these families when, you know, when, when they get it, Ken, and it starts happening. Like, you know, you listen to the show and, and then what hap like how much people begin to earn, you know, and, and, and what's happening in their lives. Now we're doing some conferences. We're running into people that started with nothing. And they're bringing statements with accounts over a million dollars. They've, like, they're bringing the statements, showing me accounts, like under, there was zero. Like we'd had no clue about money. But we've been doing it long enough that there's been enough time where these families have crossed a seven, you know, digit mark because of the stuff that came outta sprung outta here in 2009.


I love it. Very well done. Now, this marriage event you guys are doing, that's probably different in the Latino community, is it? No. Okay. It, it, it is different because imagine, you know, the way you hear it, so you know the way, you know, you've heard, so all we did is we took a little bit of salsa, you know, and just little spice, little jalapenos and just added some of that stuff to it. And that's what has us, actually, it's two things. You know, my wife, And I, we wanted to come and hang out at Nashville with some friends. And then Jorge, somebody from the team ran into somebody from, from your team and they said, Hey, you know, Andre's gonna be here with he come and do Devo for us.


And I accepted that And I was excited to be here. And then we said, why don't we do, you know, this new conference? And here here's What happened. Dave, you know, I, I've been doing this conference on money, and when I touch, you know, for those 15 or 20 minutes on marriage and money, I can see people just like scoot up in their chair. And then we started hearing these comments where they're like, hundreds. I've been married for 20 years, and in those 20 minutes I've seen more change in my husband. I've seen more, more change in my wife than in 20 years of marriage. And I was like, Hmm. And her, and read that comment again and heard that comment again. I said, you know what? I think there's something here. So I've been working for the last 12 months, you know, just kind of reading everything that I can on marriage and money, you know, God's principles and then how to share 'em.


And, and that starts tonight here in, in, in Nashville, Tennessee. Whoa. Wow. I didn't know you were doing it here. That's awesome. Very cool. Very cool. How's the radio show doing? I love it. I I love doing the radio. I love taking the calls, I love answering questions. I love hearing the stories. And that is kind of, that is the Engine. How much negative pushback do you get? Not much. You need to stir up, stir it up more. Yeah. Yeah. Dave's like, you're not being honored enough. I mean, you know, we, if you're not getting Hate, man, something's Wrong. Oh, oh, no, no. The haters are always there, you know? Okay, good.


The haters there. don don't know if you met, like, good, if you we're, we turn off your show, we're gonna turn off your radio show or we're gonna take you off the station. That hasn't happened. Okay. And you know, don, don't shy away from sharing, you know, God's principles. I don't at all. Right. So, but that, that's, that's okay. That's what, that's, That's fine. So, so the marriage and money, Spanish or Hispanic event, Latino event is tonight. Yep. In Nashville. That's Tonight. It's gonna be in Franklin at the Williamson County Performing Arts Center. It's a beautiful theater next to the library over there. Oh yeah, it is. So we're gonna be there, we start at eight, we start on time. And for anybody that's listening, there's a Spanish speaker. Come on over, we're gonna have a good time talking about this. I love it.


I love it. So, we have, I believe you're still using them six lessons that you did of Financial Peace University in Spanish, done by Andreas. They have books, they have a radio show, they have a podcast, they have online, they have other conferences they're doing. If you want to plug in to the Spanish speaking side of what we do, Andreas is our guy. Yep. He doesn't technically work on our team anymore, but he's family and he's who we send people to. We have no idea what he's saying. We hope it's right. Have you had any complaints? No, we haven't. I'm kidding. Andreas gut.com is how you can find out about him and if you jump on you, you easy to get ahold of him on the internet.


Not any problem at all. He is everywhere. He is a big deal. Especially in that community. And so I'm so proud of you. It's good to see you again, my friend. Andreas gutierrez.com. Be sure and check it out. And for those of you that are listening live, if you're in the area, you wanna come buy that event tonight, you can find out about it right there on his website. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here with some big news. The Ramsey $10,000 cash giveaway is here. Enter all month long to increase your chances of winning no gimmicks, just $10,000 cash. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway to enter every single day. Plus, we've lined up some unbeatable deals for as low as 12 bucks. These bestsellers will teach you the most effective way to build wealth, make raising smart money kids easy, or help you live a more joyful, less anxious life. You don't wanna miss it. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Ken Coleman is my co-host. Jimmy is in San Antonio. Hi Jimmy, how are you? Hey there, Dave. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Yeah, I sent it a question. Your dude's got in contact with me and now I gotta ask it to you in person. So in today's world of like five round interviews, automatic rejection systems and like thousands of people applying for the same jobs, how do you think that a 20 something year old dude might try and stand out in today's job market Personal connection to the extent that you can find it.


And, I, And, I say this, this is general advice. And. I understand that at times it could be more difficult than others. But if you can find a personal connection, and it may be one to one, it's more likely one to two, meaning two or three people between you and a person in that building. So if you're applying for company A, B, C, and the first thing you want to do is just figure out through all of your connections, your close social ties, that's your friends and family people you're doing life with, and then all of your relationships from acquaintances to former friends at college, Facebook, the socials, all of that. You start to see if you can find somebody that knows somebody in the building at A, B, C.


And what we're trying to do there is through the credibility of relationships, will that person at company A, B, C take your resume? And even though you gotta go through all the other stuff, the AI and all the filters, will they take your resume in and talk to the hiring manager and go, Hey, listen, here's how I know Jimmy, and this is what I know about Jimmy. And you know, I think Jimmy's probably a really good candidate to look at. We really wanna be that simple. We wanna be that analog in a very digital world that's gonna make you stand out. There's some credibility now. There's no guarantee for that. A second piece of advice I would give is if you get into the interview process, the way to stand out in today's world, And I, think it's always been the way to stand out is the questions you ask in the interview.


Most people don't treat an interview Jimmy. Like the interview is just as much for them as it is for the company that's looking at you. Yeah. This is, this is a day. What, what are some good questions he could ask? Great. So first question I would ask is, tell me the kind of person that wins in this role, how this is to the hiring manager. Describe the person that you think is gonna win in this role. Okay. Another question is, describe your leadership and management style. What, what would someone need to know to thrive and connect well with you? These are two very interesting questions that require that hiring manager actually think. And in this process, if they've actually thought about that and they have an answer, they're gonna give you an answer.


You get to assess if you think you're a good fit there. The second thing it will do is whether they got a great answer for it or not, you're gonna stand out because you put them on their heels in a good way. In other words, you didn't ask a twerp question, you asked an insightful question that implies that you want to fill that role. And that's the way you ask it. Those are two samples. But I've got a, a how to win the interview resource@kencoleman.com. That's free. That goes into great detail. So, I. Don't have to list all those out, but that's how you stand out in today's interview process. Well, And it, it kind of, I I I think it's always just a good idea to put the employer shoes on. Yes. So I. I'm, I mean, I, I as an employer, I don't personally do interviews at Ramsey anymore, ever.


I'm not good at it for one thing, but it, the, what I'm looking for is if they're asking questions that tell me they're a taker, how much does pay? Yeah, that's Exactly right. How much time off I get. Right? You're just trying to figure out what, how little amount of work you can do for how much money. Right. Instead, I like questions of, they're, they're not a taker. They're, they're, they're not subtraction, they're addition. That's Right. That's right. They're, they're not division, they're multiplication. And so, you know, how can I add value? How can I, you, the question you asked, I like that one. It's like, what, what kind of person wins here? Yeah. You know, if I came in here and And, I, you know, what, what's the advice you would say to move ahead at Ramsey?


Yeah, that's a great question. And how can I add value? How can I, how can I make you more than I cost you? Because that's really what's running through an employer's head is can IROI this payroll item? That's what they're asking. It's like if I hire a technician, I'm in the heat and air business. He's gotta do more heat and air work than heat than I pay him to make a profit on having hired him. Yeah. Otherwise I don't get to keep him 'cause I can't afford him. Yeah. Here's another question. Describe how this team that you lead, describe how they work together. What's that? How would you describe, if you're gonna pick a one word to describe this current team? Again, an insightful question that yields an answer for you and it actually gives you some sense of what it's actually like there, you know, Because Yeah.


And, and what kind of, what kind of team member, what would I need to be right. To be a great team member That's right. To, to add value to this team and to add what, what kind of synergy can I add or, or lift can I add? And, and so By the way, if you get a nothing answer or a crap answer, so if it sounds like a politician on a Sunday morning show, that's the nothing answer. A lot of words, no substance, or you get a really kind of crappy answer. That's a warning sign. Yeah. That maybe I don't wanna be a part of this team. If I can't sit with a leader and a leader tell me, this is the kind of person who wins here. You do this, you win, we reward this here. And they, they, by the way, we will show you now, Ramsey example, you asked that question at Ramsey.


And, and a leader's gonna show you somebody in our company, they'll point this way, this way and this way and say, now they started out in this position. Now they're Here. I always think of that old story of the guy walking along the, the dirt path. And he comes along the guy and the guy says, what were the people like in that town? You just left over there. And he said, well, what were they like in the last town? Yeah. He goes, they were wonderful. He goes, you'll find 'em be wonderful. He runs another guy and he says, what were the people like over there? And he goes, what'd you find in the last town? He goes, oh, they were horrible. They were just awful. He goes, well, you're gonna find that over there too. That's so true. And so, so if somebody sits down, all they tell me is all the horrible things about all the places they've worked. Yeah. And the only common denominator is them. There you go. I'm done. That's right. Done. So you come in and victim mentality your interview, you screwed up your interview.


So, because it's possible that you are actually a victim of a toxic thing, but not repeatedly. That's highly unlikely unless you are like attracting this. Well, that's a very Good point. I mean, you don't know how to sniff it out and you keep allowing yourself to go to These situations. Well, I mean, yeah. Or it, you know, or you're just a drama queen. You're you're Part of the toxicity. Yeah. You, you're, you're the, you bring it with you the core of the issue. There we go.


Hey guys, for all of you that are listening to the show right this second on YouTube or on a podcast at the top of the hour here, the show is going to end and the other 40 minutes of the show is available for free on the new Ramsey Network app As. a matter of fact, all three segments of the all the entire show is available. The first part and the last part on The Ramsey Network app, video and audio. And so you can watch the show, listen to the show, however you wanna do, download the show. You can search the show on The Ramsey Network app by subject and find calls that we have taken on each subject. You can send emails that we will answer from the ram on the air, from The Ramsey Network app. It is 100% free. We are not going, we do not have plans to take it to a subscription. We simply need to offload part of the programming. And we built out, like our audiobook stuff is over there. Everything else is, we're starting to build a whole network app literally over there. And the last 40 minutes of the podcast, the last 40 minutes of the YouTube show is now available only on The Ramsey Network app. So jump on the app store, get The Ramsey Network app, download it, open your account. It's completely free. You can watch the whole show there. Or you can just jump over there and pick up the last 30 or last 40, whatever you wanna do. Google Play as well. It works on all of that. If you're listening on radio, nothing changes. Everything's exactly where it's always been. We're not moving a dime on radio. So if you're in a city where they carry radio runs by the hour, if you're in a city where they carry all three hours, you're still gonna get all three hours. We're not changing a thing on that. But this is podcast and YouTube. The last 40 minutes is free and available only on The Ramsey Network app in the app store or in Google Play. And jump over there and get that done. And you can, you can click on the show notes. If you wanna get the free app too, that'll allow, that'll be another way you can get it and get it done. I can promise you this. The value is gonna be worth the cost. There you go. It's free. It's free. Okay. This is not hard. Quit your crying. Don't be crying about it. It's free. Yeah. Ramsey, Network. Check it out. This is The. Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing, badda b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.