
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host. Thank you for joining us America. The phone number's Triple eight eight two five five two two five. My co-host is number one bestselling author, many times over Ramsey personality, host of the Rachel Cruz Show and my daughter Rachel Cruz. Open phones here again. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Stephanie's in Dallas. Hi, Stephanie How, can we help? Hi Dave. Appreciate you taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I feel like I am on the edge of losing everything.


I have very much been financially responsible to my best extent, but I find myself in a very difficult career situation. and I am very afraid of making the wrong step and everything falling apart. Wow. Where did all of this loss of confidence come from? Actual financial facts or something else? I think it's something else I have, I have or have had a great career, but I have been unemployed now for eight months. And what is your career?


What's your career? So I work in m and a and also, let's just say it, What were you making? 245,000 a year. Okay. That doesn't sound like someone that's about to fall off a cliff to me. But then you hadn't had a job for eight months. Why? Honestly, it's been a lot of factors. It's been a tough job market first of all. But part of the reason is that I'm, I'm located in Dallas. It's high competition here, but also I have not wanted to move. I've wanted to stay in the Dallas area, so I haven't looked outside of Dallas and I have two teenagers, but I'm really struggling not to have to move them and change their schools and all of those things.


And so You're, you're a single mom, how long you been divorced? That's correct. I've been divorced over three years, about three and a half years. Okay. How long were you in that position? The m and a? My career is about 25 years. I've been at the 3 45 range now for up until now about eight years. Okay. Okay. What was the cause of the job loss, Stephanie, to begin with? I was laid off actually because the, the m and a activity went down because the interest rates on companies being able to borrow investment capital shot up.


And so I was actually laid off in December from my company. And that's also part of the struggle is that that industry is having some difficulty right now and it's high competition. Lot of people that have been without work. Yeah. Well there are people doing m and as without borrowing money to do it, you know that, right? That's Correct. and I've, I've been trying to find those people. Okay. Well, I mean, they may not be in Dallas, but you, you've also got the double Dallas is not oil driven like Houston is, but it is somewhat oil driven and that's, that's hitting that market too. Okay. Wow. How old are the kiddos? What, what year In what year in high school?


Yeah. So I have a, a boy that's 14 and a girl that is 12. Okay. All right. All right. Are there other areas in the country that are exper that, that have Yeah. More openings than just Dallas? Yeah. She can get a job. Yeah. I have started, I mean, that's the thing is I've started in the last couple of months, you know, I tried for a while to kind of hold on and say, okay, I'm gonna try to work this out. And then after about six months I said, oh yeah, this, this isn't going to, What, what have you been living on during this eight months? Who, so for the first seven months I did get unemployment.


Oh, okay. And so I was living off of unemployment and a small amount of child support that I get. So it was 3,500 a month. What's it take to operate your house? So my expenses are 2,500. Okay. So you need four thou, you need $4,000 a month burn rate, $48,000 a year long way from 250,000. Yeah. So I've been, okay. I've been, so you got, you got two, you got two choices, Stephanie, you're, you're wise enough and you're math oriented with what you do for a living to know that obviously doing nothing is, is burning gonna burn through any cash you've got? Yeah. And you're gonna reach an end point and yeah, you're gonna have some of those fears that are currently irrational, but they'll become real fears of losing things.


Okay. So you've got to get employment, period. Now you got two options. One is take the same skillset that you're using, 'cause obviously you're an analyst. Okay. You know how to run analysis on financial products and so forth. And that applies to that skillset, applies to a lot of things in addition to mergers and acquisitions. Okay. So you can, you can land a job making a hundred if you want to camp out in Dallas till those kiddos finish up their little high school careers and you just make less. And, and that's okay. Meanwhile, maybe you keep looking in Dallas or the kiddos are moving 'cause mom's gonna make 300 in Charlotte or Atlanta.


Yeah. And that's okay. They'll, they're, they're honey, they, they're gonna be okay. They're pretty resilient little characters and you know, their, their life is, but Even one 50 in Dallas would be Good. Yeah. You know what, what I mean, like Yeah. I mean, anything you could land with for survival. So I think you probably step, I think you've been staying right in the m and a lane and I want you to step out that lane and go for a broader swath in your look and in your thought pattern on what you're gonna take and then decide, am I going to settle for something less using this same skillset for the next five years Yep. And finish these high schoolers up. Is it worth that to me? Because basically you're saying it's gonna cost you a hundred thousand dollars a year, $150,000 a year.


So in order for these high schoolers to stay put, you're willing to give up 600 grand. Yeah. I'm not, I'm moving a high schooler's butt. Okay. I Was like, I'm staying staying with other friends. Yeah, yeah. No, not for 600 K. But If you're, but if you're, if you're in a good position now, that's the thing is you, to run your household is four grand a month. Yeah. So there is, I mean, it's it's a total choice of values at that point. Yeah, exactly. I Mean, it really is. Exactly. You can do whatever you wanna do. Yeah. But I, I just, yeah, I, I'm, I, I, I, I, teenagers survive far worse things than moving. I agree. And, but if it's, but my thing is, if it's something that like, obviously if she was not gonna be making enough, if she was making 60 and she's like, I can't even find that.


You know what I mean? Like Yeah. Then that's one thing. I get it. Yeah. But you're to, I mean, you're totally fine. Yeah. Making one 50 more than fine in her position. But, But here, here's what all I'm hearing. Okay. If you invest, This lady lived Her life extra. She lived her life for her husband and her kids. The husband dumped her. Now she's living her life for her kids. And her confidence is eroding. And yet she is an amazing lady. and I, I want her to, I want her to be who she's supposed to be. And that's good for her kids. That's Fair. I That's good for her kids if she steps into who she is. I agree. That's good for her kids. I agree. I agree. If they do it in Charlotte or Atlanta, that's not a bad thing. They'll, kiddos will.


They're okay. Yes. Ask people who grew up with a mom or dad in the military. They live in a different high school every month and they did just fine. I know, I'm not saying that they're not resilient, I'm just saying she's in a really blessed position. Yes. To have a lot of, to have those two options agree of what we're talking about. So Hang on the line. I'm gonna send you Ken's two books, paycheck to Purpose and Proximity Principle that'll give you some reading. and I want you to get yourself back out there kiddo. You need to land something. It's been too long. Now go get something. This is The Ramsey Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey Trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey. Personality is my co-host today. Another Rachel is in Winnipeg. Hi Rachel. how are you? I'm well. Dave and Rachel, how are you folks doing today? Great. How, can we help? Good. I have a question for you. So I am moved out. I'm fully on my own, which means I don't see my folks all that often. I also have a little bit of debt. So I work a full-time job and a part-time job this upcoming weekend. We have a, a long weekend and so I was able to get some hours in my part-time job, obviously when I get through this baby steps as soon as possible. But I was offered some time to come up to my folks cabin and spend the weekend with them and, and I think I'm just having a hard time reconciling paying off my debt as soon as possible versus spending intentional family time.


and I wanted your advice on how to, how to balance both of them. That's a great question. How much debt do you have? About 22,000 Canadians. Some of student loans and some of credit for debt. What's your income On, at my full-time job I make 54,000 a year. And then at this part-time job, I'm gonna be making 15 an hour. Okay. What do you, what do you project being done one year? Ideally? Fucking I, I mean as soon as possible, but yeah. Ideally a year, a year and a half. Yeah. And you're how old? I'm 27. And Your parents are how old?


In their sixties. Okay. Alright. So in the scope of your life, if you didn't see them for an entire year, you would not be an unusual human? Yeah, that's true. I mean, again, people are deployed in the military, people do all kinds of things and that that, that are uncomfortable for short periods of time to create long-term comfort. So the trade off however, is $15 an hour. So it's not, it's not like you're, you know, what are you gonna lose 200 bucks or something? I mean, it's not, you know. Yeah, That's what I was gonna say. I think I think you back kind of your way into it, Rachel, and just say, Hey, my goal is in a year and a half I wanna be debt free.


So what does that mean? And you can kind of back it out and that way you can kind of calendar out and say, you know, every other month I'll go spend the weekend there and I can, I can do that time-wise and mathematical to still hit my goal. Does that make sense? Like, I think when it's kind of arbitrary and it's like you're kind of just like floating a little bit of, gosh, what's my life looking like? How much am I working? You know, when am I gonna pay off my debt? When all of that is up in the air, I think it is hard to prioritize, but when you have kind of a rigid systematic plan, it kind of gives you that permission to say, oh yeah, I have this weekend budgeted quote unquote to not work to go see them. And that still works in my timeframe. So that way you can actually enjoy your time and you're not second guessing yourself constantly.


Yeah. I, it, it sounds kind of rigid, but I think the more No, I think that rigid you are during it. Well That gives, that gives you the permission to not, to not do some of 'em and to do some of 'em. Yeah. If you had a system, it's like a spending plan or a budgeting plan. Right. Same thing. The thing that I I I do want you to address and I, I I'm not accusing you of this, I, it's just a possibility. Okay. So you, you can take this. In other words, for what it's worth, sometimes when I'm in these situations, I'm, I act like in my little drama brain that everything is forever and this isn't forever.


So when you get right down to it, you're gonna miss four weekends. Yeah. You know, it's not, it it, it's not like you're never gonna see your parents again or one of them has a terminal illness. It's not a no, you know, it's none of that. It's like four weekends at the lake and with my parents and I'm 27. It doesn't sound real devastating when you kind of put it that way. It's just for now, not forever. Exactly. Yeah. But in my little mind, I'm like, I never see my parents, you know, my, my drama brain kicks in. Right. And it's like forever and it's not, it's not forever. And so sometimes it helps me to quantify it and I think if you use those two, that, that on the emotions and, and what Rachel's suggesting on the budget and go, okay, I am gonna give up two of the four and that's gonna cost me 500 bucks towards my process.


Yeah. But I'm still gonna make my goal and I'm actually probably gonna pick up and work later a couple of nights that I wouldn't have in order to make up for that. So I can still hit my goal and I think you can do some stuff like that and then you feel okay about the, the process. But Yeah, and I would say too, Rachel, you know, this is a problem like a lot of just fam you know, families have with kids. I don't wanna be away from my kids or working parents or like, oh my gosh, you know, if I travel, like whatever it is. And kind of what you're saying, it can be so built up in your head. And this sounds so cheesy, but it's just true. Winston and I, we got a 12 month calendar, we put in on one of our walls in our house. And when it's like, I know for me with traveling and speaking and stuff, it's like, oh my gosh, it can feel, it start feels overwhelming.


I'm like, oh, I'm doing too much. And then you lay it all out visually and you're like, okay, this feels better because here's a week there that, that's good. Here, here, here. And you and you actually start to see it, you know? Yeah. It, It quantifies it and it does away with the drama. Yeah. And same with the budget. That's why we always say to have a written budget or on the EveryDollar app, see it visually because it kind of takes that out. But it Help me with the math. 'cause I can't do it in my head right now. Oh, you're asking me, how, how old were you in 2003? I was a sophomore in high school, so 16. Okay. Alright. And So, we had a senior in high school, a sophomore in high school and a middle schooler and I went on book tour for total Money Makeover and I was gone 42 days. I remember this Gone Well.


Can we back up? 'cause talk about drama, Dave? I, I remember. Okay, so I was a sophomore. Okay. I remember you sitting us all down. We had a family meeting, which was a normal occurrence in the Ramsey household. We had family meetings, you know, someone's messed up. So we're all gonna have a lot, whatever it is. Like, there's family meetings. Rachel's done something now I've done something, it probably was me, honestly, where it's like, alright, we're gonna here, but I remember and you laid out this whole thing about how you l it, it was like this whole speech. And we're like, what is he getting at? And he's like, I'm going on book tour for about a month and a half. and I remember I was like, okay, see ya. Like I was like, I it see ya. It genuinely like was like, okay. I dunno. So to your point, things can be dramatic, especially in a parent's head or I don't know, in the, in the person's head, My work life balance is not good.


I'm sorry children. Rachel's like, eh, no big deal. Well, and I'll say, because you were present other time, I mean, most of the Time plenty. I so that's Too, you're, you weren't a that we Were not out for you Were not abandoned, not abandoned children with a workaholic father, but No, but I, I think the same kind of thing falls into this that, because we get the work life balance question all the time. It's like, I'm afraid I'm gonna see my children if I'm getting out of debt. Oh, stop it. Yeah. You know, get your butt to work, you know, it's just, ugh. And that's what I have to tell myself too, you know, and I'm like, okay, this is a sacrifice I'm gonna do. And that book now, by the way, has sold 10 million copies. So it, you know, that little 42 day book tour worked out. Okay. So, you know, so so is the, is the price worth it?


Is the price you pay worth it, you know, and, and that, that's what we're looking at. And, and then to keep it all in Sync with your life too, because Yeah. It's, yeah. It's just, it's good that what you're talking about, writing it out like that, that gives you perspective. Yes. That's right. That's right. And you go, okay, 42 days outta the scope of my life, four weekends for her. Yeah. Out of the scope of her life, you know, is not the, the, and, and all of a sudden the little drama child inside my head starts to calm its butt down, or The guilt of the parent, whatever it is. That's The Dr. That's the drama. That's parent's guilt. You know, it's like, I'm not nurturing, it's Oh brother. And the kid's like, eh, eh, whatever.


I was Elise. Oh. So yes, you can, when you're in baby step two and you've got two little kids and you're working six jobs and for a period of time, you don't change as many diapers as the other one does. And that could be the husband or the wife, maybe the wife's, you know, working 36 hour shifts as a nurse. I don't know, whatever it is. But there's all kinds of stuff you can do for short periods of time. And the kids are truly yawning at your drama. They're truly not affected because you're not doing this for a decade. Forever. That's what I was gonna say. It's, that's not your, that's not the life pattern That you're setting up. It's not life pattern.


And it's not for a decade. And oh, by the way, if you're working really hard when you're at home and I need to spend time with the children, turn off your television. You're supposed to be spending time with your family or Your phone. It's binge watching Netflix or doom scrolling. Instagram is not family time. Ah. Now we got what you're spending your hours At. Think the Olympics are on and we're in the middle of a political season. You know how much you, how many of the Olympic chops seen this week? Zero. You what? I'm not an American. I know I'm a communist, but No, I mean, seriously, I I've not watched it. Oh, it's so good. I'm sure it is. Yeah. See, I love it. There we go.


This is The. Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. As a new dad, I see a lot of things in a new light. The cost of diapers, the value of sleep, and how crucial it is to have a will. Because if something happens to me, I don't want my family stressing about the details. And that's why I recommend making a will with Mama Bear Legal Forms a will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want. Instead of a random probate judge deciding who gets your fine China or precious moments collection. Looking at you, aunt Shirley, if you think you're too busy or don't have enough time, no excuses here. I completed my will in just 20 minutes with their easy online process. Plus, if something comes up, you can make changes to your will for free for up to six months until you are completely satisfied. And listen, there's a lot of online will companies out there, but what's great about Mama Bear is that there's no membership, no subscription, no upselling. The price is the price. And if you love a good deal like me, go to Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com right now and save 20% with promo code Ramsey. That's Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com promo


code Ramsey. The Ramsey cash giveaway is here it starts today. You could win the grand prize. Unbelievable. One of our biggest giveaways ever. $10,000. Man. If you won $10,000, you could like fill up your card twice. If you got $10,000, you could get two or three dozen eggs. If you got $10,000, you might be able to pay down a student loan. Or man, that's a lot of money. However you spend it, you can't win it without entering and there's no purchase necessary. Gotta be 18 to play. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway now through August 31st.


And while you're there, shop our $12 sale, your chance to grab one of our best sellers at only $12. By the way, hardback books these days are selling for 32 to $35 each. Okay. I just bought a fiction book that a friend of mine wrote this week and shocking what they charge for him now. It's awesome what we charge too, by the way. But now it's $12 on sale. The sale is something for you no matter what you're facing, whether you're battling anxiety, Dr. John Delony can help struggling with money. Rachel Cruz and Jade Warshaw and me and George Kamel can help or you're feeling stuck in your professional life. Ken Coleman can help. There's lots of bestsellers there. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Kelly is in Minneapolis. Hi Kelly, welcome to The Ramsey.


Show. Hi. Thank you for having me. Sure. How, can we help? Well, my husband and I have been working really hard and paying off our debts and we're looking at being debt free outside of the mortgage by probably late October. Nice. We're really excited way to go. But one debt in particular, my student loan, it's about $6,000 and I've recently learned that my employer started a student debt retirement match. So if I'm not already contributing with that 4% match, which I'm not currently, I can report my student loan payments and they will treat that as if I'm contributing and then match the 4%.


So I'm wondering if it makes sense for that particular loan to continue paying it monthly just to get that 4% match And keep, keep the loan around longer than necessary. No. Right. I don't know if it's worth it. No, it's not. No, I wouldn't, I wouldn't stay in debt to get your employer 4%. Now, between now and the time you pay it off, can you get the 4%? Yeah. Yep. Yeah. The next couple months or whatever. Yeah, You're not, yeah, for sure. You got three or four months of worth of it, but 4% does not justify staying in debt. No, no. Let's get rid of the debt as soon as you can. Darn. I wish I found that a year ago. Yeah, I know. I can actually, I've looked and I can report all the payments I've made this year, so that's Oh wow, That's good.


Oh, definitely do all that paperwork for sure. Yeah, I'm already on it. Just, Just scraping the free money off the table. Yeah, definitely. That's cool. Yeah, yeah. Now, now Kelly, the, the problem with some of these assistance, anytime we get help with these types of things, the problem is it causes us to, you know, to, to think illogically. And that is, oh, I'm gonna stay in debt. Which the purpose of the assistance is to get out of debt. So, you know, it's, but yeah, I just gather up everything you can get out of this, but get out as soon as you can. The faster you get out of debt, honey, the faster you're going to prosper. It is that simple. Sammy is in Phoenix, Arizona. Hi Sammy, how are you?


Hi Dave. Hi Rachel. how are you guys? Great. What's up? Well, I have a question regarding a loan. I know your favorite question. Basically, I live with my mom and husband. We would like to sell our home eventually move out of the city. We have a decent amount of repairs we need to do to the home to be able to sell it. We don't have good credit, we don't have savings. We've heard about the home equity loan. We have a decent amount of equity in the home. We're don't know much about it. What do you know about that?


What do we know about it? Or home equity. Equity loan. Is it a good idea? No. Okay. No, no. I mean, you're just borrowing What's a better idea? Yeah. You're just borrowing equity on your home is what you're doing. You're just, you're going backwards when it comes to you owning your home. So. my question is, what are, what are the repairs? One is a brand new ac, which is about $10,000. Okay. One is the pool being fixed, which is about eight to 12 that we've gotten estimates for. And then the last small thing is a small old, you know, very old, lots of miles used car for my mom.


'cause she's currently using my car. Okay. So just a car in general that has anything to do with the house? Yeah. Okay. What is, What, what does your mom make? She makes about 80,000. What do you make? I don't make much. I just, I'm part-time. Why delivering here and there? Well, right. 'cause she has my car right now and she makes a lot more than I could. What does your husband make? My Hus about 45. Do you guys have kids? Not yet. Not Yet. Okay. Okay. That's, and then the house. Tell me how much, if you sold the house today, how much would it be? How much could you sell it for So?


We could probably sell it as is maybe three 50. Okay. If we did all these repairs, maybe 400 house. And what, what, what's the heck? How much do you have left to So? we bought it for one 70 and we owe about one 30 on it. Okay. Here, here's what I would do. I would sit down this week and tighten your budget down to nothing and go get a $2,000 car. And then I want you to go get a $40,000 job and that will pay for the repairs. When you guys household income, you're making 1 25. Yeah.


You only need 20. You only need 20 grand. You need 20 grand for the repairs Loan. You need 20. You need $20,000. Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, you need $20,000. Go get it. Yeah. Well the AC we're supposed to do it in the next like month or else it's gonna totally go out. How do you know who, who's the AC genie? How do they know? We've had a few people over now and it has a broken, this L ac Compressor and our bill is like $700 a month. Yeah. Because of it. Yeah. So, we don't have A lot of money. Well, 10 grand. That's, that's 10 grand. So 10 grand is ASAP.


So I mean, yeah. Sammy, if I were you, I'd go get Yeah. I, I want, so your husband's working overtime. You're working overtime and you guys are three of, you're piling their money in a, in a corner as fast as you can pile it and getting an AC as fast as you can. It's still working when it goes out. Yeah. We'll call it an emergency. It's not out yet and you do need to replace it, but I'm not talking about waiting. If you get a job making 40 k, now you got a household income of 165. I think you can come up with 10 grand. I don't know how to find a job that pays that well for me. Well, you're gonna have to be looking, which you haven't been doing. That'd be the first step. And I mean that, that's only 20 bucks an hour, 25 bucks an hour.


I mean, you're, my target's paying 20 bucks an hour. So go over Target and then run over to Walmart right after that. They're both paying 20 bucks an hour and just stack up these jobs and go get, you need some money. Money comes from work, not borrowing. And, and then you get the AC fixed and then you start talking about fixing the pool. And you do all this with a $2,000 car. Y'all have the money. Y'all gotta, you just need to tighten down what you're spending to nothing by being on a budget and get your incomes up. All of you take extra jobs, all of you, until you get past this emergency. But now would you, I don't think you're gonna do it though. Well, tell me this, would you, I mean, does it get messy though, if the house is in their name?


Mom's living there though, or the house is in mom, like, you know what I mean? Like at that She's living there free and using their car. Yeah, I'm taking her money. Yeah. Okay. I mean, we're, we're fixing the ac mom And I agree. I agree. Yeah. But I'm just thinking of like, there's always those layers when you have people that don't own the home that are in the h you know what I mean? Like Yeah. I mean, if, if she won't go get a job and you're taking mom's money that not mom might object. Yeah. Okay. But, but hey, everybody's diving on the ball here. We've got a fumble. Yep. And it's, you know, we gotta recover here. We gotta recover, we gotta recover. Everybody game on. It's a household emergency. I mean, you're In Phoenix. Air conditioning in Phoenix is an emergency.


Yeah, it's important. Yeah. Yep. It's a hundred degrees, but it's a dry heat. Oh, you're killing me. It's like sticking your head in an oven. It's a confection oven is what it's It's dry. Yeah. It's hot. Love Phoenix wouldn't, That's what they always say though. It's Hot. It's really Hot. But I will say we were in Utah and there the no humidity thing is different. It is different, but it's still hot. It's great. It's still very hot. This is The Ramsey, Show.


Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one. And replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. Most of you are aware, there are two types of student loans, government insured, student loans, and private student loans. Government insured student loans have a bazillion different programs that you can get on or off, most of which suck. But you can still get on and off a program until you can get yourself squared around and get the thing paid off. Private student loans, however, are basically just a bank loan to go to college. And you get no help from nobody until now. If you have a private student loan that is in default, you've been unable to pay your private student loan, it's gotten behind.


You're probably experiencing some pretty interesting collections. Pressure. Well, we got some good news.


We have a sponsor here on The. Ramsey Show that is the new sponsor of the Ramsey question of the day. They're called Why Refi. We've been working with these guys for a year, year and a half now. They're an incredible company. They're a leader in refinancing, defaulted private student loan debt for borrowers. That means they're, you're not able to repay the debt and they reorganize the thing and get it to where you can pay it. They go buy it at a discount and then they set it up to where you can handle it. This is pretty well, this is cool. This is a great solution. If you've got a private student loan that's in default. Of course we teach personal responsibility. Of course we teach not waiting on the government to fix something. They're not gonna fix your private anything, I'm just telling you. So our team vetted Why Refi. We're thrilled to work with them. Have been thrilled to work with them. They're trustworthy. They help people live the Ramsey way. This is a good company and it's a good solution for you. If you have a defaulted bad private student loan, they're different. And so you need to remember Why Refi, that's the letter YREF y.com. And that'll get you going. And they are our new sponsor you're gonna hearing be hearing them every day when we do the Ramsey question of the day. Funding may not be available in all states. There's your little disclaimer thingy. Right? So today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. If private student loan debt is taking away your peace of mind and you don't see any way out, you need Why, Refi, Why, Refi refinances, defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch. They give you a low fixed rate loan built for you. And it actually works out for them too. So here we go. Go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ramsey may not be available in


all states. Today's question comes from Elise in Indiana. Elise says, I am a 28-year-old mother of two children. My fiance and I have been together for six years, and I have been the only one working two years ago. He started to learn how to trade stocks. At the time, neither of us were familiar with the process and knew it would take him some time to learn. He started out investing in Tesla, apple, and meta. The past two years, he's invested an unreal amount of money for my paychecks, which has caused some bills to go and paid. Whenever I'm stressed about the money going being wasted, I get scolded and accused of being controlling. He doesn't want to get a job because they don't pay enough. He says he'll do DoorDash, but makes excuses not to go.


We agreed that he would get a thousand dollars from my tax refund to trade with, and he blew it in a week. He has put over $1,500 into yet another platform and maxed out one of my credit cards. I work from home and he yells when I'm on work calls and gets mad because my job is a priority. Oh my gosh, my job is paying the bills and funding is trading. I don't understand that. This is his dream, but I can't do it anymore. At least I can't. I don't understand how you're still with This guy. I don't, I'm not worried about his dream. I can't do him anymore. That's terrible. Yeah, no, I'm done. I'm co completely Done. You've been with him for six years and nothing's Happened.


I'm done. No, I'm done. And then this guy, this guy's got too many strikes. He has four strikes. Well, yeah. Here we out. He yells. He doesn't work. He steals your money. He and he calls you controlling Strike four. And you're out, buddy. He has too much pride to go make any kind of money Regardless of it. He, when he's lazy and won't work. Yeah. Yeah. And we, we got a lot. Elise, we could probably go up to 10 about this guy. Yeah. So Elise, I think, I think he's your problem. You chose poorly, darling. Oh man. I'm so sorry, Man. This guy's A bum. And you know it, after you wrote this down, Elise, and you reread it before you hit sin to us, you had to go, poor girl. I hope she's okay.


You, you had to look at your own story and go, oh my gosh. And let us be the strangers from the outside to say it. 'cause when you're caught up in this and you've been with someone for six years, that becomes your norm. Right? Like there's a level that like, you kind of almost become, well, I don't know any different. Like it's, it, you don't feel the pain as much because it's been the norm for six years. So just From the outside, if you were my daughter, I would show up in the front yard, back the U-Haul up, put him in a corner and move your butt out. Okay? This is, I mean, this is the guy who's abusive. He's lazy. He's a thief. He's awful. He's not bright. I mean, just not A smart, he's smart.


He's not a smart man. Not a smart guy. What for? Gump said, I'm not a very smart man. Yeah, that's, this is this guy. He's, oh my gosh. Wow. Mm. Sorry, Elise. Ah, I mean, I That's the, That's it. You're not gonna be able to convince him otherwise. You're not gonna be able show too many. Yeah, we're not. It's true. You're not married to him. We're done. It's probably his two kids. But you're the only one earning money. No, It's just that I'm, I'm a mom of two children and my fiance and I, I don't, or maybe, maybe he is the dad. I, yeah. But then six years, I have two kids have been there six years. That's probably fair. So anyway, by either way, I mean, you're the only one producing anything here. As soon as you get rid of this boat, anchor your boat will go really fast. And you're not crazy Elise either.


No, you're not. It can make you feel like, oh my Gosh, only crazy staying there. 10 more minutes. Ooh, this is awful. Get out, Elise. I'm so sorry. Mm. What a heartbreak. But yeah, and here's the thing. I almost feel like I need to yell this because you haven't moved out for six years. You're somehow thinking you can't do this on your own, or he's somehow going to turn around or some other kind of dysfunction. So I really need to get my Papa Dave hat on and just stomp my foot really loudly and say, get out.


This is crazy. Okay. I did it. I just got it outta my system because I mean, if you've been there six years, you've already, this is not your first ride on him. Yelling, controlling, being lazy, taking your paycheck a good god. What a parasite. Unbelievable. See, I hope we weren't unclear, darling. Okay, Kelly. Kelly is with us in Los Angeles. Hi Kelly. how are you? Hello. how are you guys doing today? Great. How, can we help? I have a, a question. I'm a new listener for me. I'm kind of nervous. I'm sorry. It's okay. For about two weeks and, and a lot of the things you talk about, I've made the mistakes of credit card debt and overspending and not budgeting.


I work for the state of California. I'm 56. I just paid off $2,800 of credit cards. Good For you, Kelly. You catch on quick, kiddo. Good job. Yeah, yeah. I told myself what's the point of, of listening and not putting in into action. That's great. So I, yeah, I paid off $2,800. So I, I've been working for the state for 26 years. So my health insurance is, is there for life, Kiddo, before I run out time. What's your question right quick? My question is about I have a car lease and I know that's, that's a no-No, and it's, it's over in the end of this year.


Okay. I don't know what to do after that. I'll need a car. Yeah. I You, between now and the end of the year to save up a, a, a few thousand dollars and get you a beater car. Okay. So you can turn, so you can turn this thing in. Oh, okay. That's, are you over, Are you over on Miles? Yeah. 200 miles over. Oh, you're not bad. Okay, that's good. You may have to write 'em a small check. So you need to get ready for that too. Is the car torn up as any, any excessive wear and tear? No. Okay. It's a 2022 Jeep Grand Cherokee. Okay. But I mean, you haven't messed it up or something. 'cause they No, they only charge you for two things when you turn in being over on your miles and excessive wear and tear and if you've got limited or little of that, you can just hand them the keys.


But of course you've gotta have transportation, right? Yes, correct. So, we need to get you some, some money saved up between now and then. Yeah. and I would do that and that gets rid of your car payment. That's very cool. Yeah, I would Get your emergency fund first Kelly, and then car. I mean, I would be saving up a thou Yep. You know, a couple thousand first. Yep. And then Yep. Before you do anything, and then go back to your debt snowball. But having that set aside so that when at the end of the year, which is like five months from now Yeah. You're able to get a car. So that's great. If you saved a thousand dollars a month, that'd be a $5,000 car and you didn't do anything else between now and the end of the year. I'm gonna call that a win. It's a win that that'll get you there and you got no car payment. And then you go into next spring finishing off your debt snowball. Hang on. We're gonna put you through Financial Peace University and sign you up for EveryDollar for free as our guest as a brand new listener.


Thank you for calling in, Kelly. We're proud of you.


Hey guys. George Kamel here. No matter what platform you use for news or entertainment, you and I both know it is way too hard to keep your feed from getting junked up with bad content. I know I'm not the only one who's gone searching for The Ramsey Show only to find myself two paws and 12 videos deep in a kitten hole on YouTube, which is great, but not what I'm looking for right now. And heck, if you're tuning into this digitally, there's probably some weird scammy suggested content trying to play in the sidebar right now. Cryptocurrency. See what I mean? And that's why I love The Ramsey Network app. It is the best place for uninterrupted easy access to the content that keeps you focused on your goals. It's all Ramsey all the time, which means you don't have to worry about getting off track with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey content. Yep. You heard that right? 7,000. This is your one stop single destination for advice you can trust and nothing you can't. So do yourself a favor, get rid of the distractions and dial things in. All you gotta do is search Ramsey Network app in the app store, or click the link in the show notes to download The Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host. Thank you for joining us. My co-host today, number one bestselling author many times over host of the Smart Money Happy Hour, along with George Kamel and my daughter Rachel Cruz Ramsey personality, we're here to help you. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Molly is with us in Austin, Texas. Hey Molly, how are you? Hi, Dave. I'm good. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up?


I just inherited about one and a half million dollars. Wow. And I'm getting married in a, a little over Three months, and so I wanna know if I should get a prenup or not. Wow. How old are you? I am 22. Whoa. Where'd the money come from? My grandpa was a successful businessman in like hardware stuff. And so I have like, he had about half a million dollars in stocks and then he loaned his business about a million dollars. And so I get loan repayments on that and then he owned his business building and then my mother's house and just various accounts they have.


Are you getting the, are you getting cash one point million dollars Cash? No, no. She's getting a half million cash and then payments on a million and then Through all the rest. Yeah. So half a million in cash, half a million in stocks, and then the rest and business notes mostly. Yeah. Okay. Before this happened, did you have any money? I was pretty good with my money and had a pretty How much money do you have? Did you have before this happened? I had $10,000. Okay. You didn't have any money. Okay. And that's a, that's, well I know it's, it's not, it's not like you had, well it's not like you already had a half a million dollars is what, what I'm talking About thoses A little difference than a half a million or a million and a half and $10,000. Okay. Now the fiance, does he have any money?


Not a Ton. What's he do? He graduated college and his parents have a franchise called Mosquito Joe that he was gonna take over. But he has like, he's done some work to start it up, but I'm just a little concerned that the inheritance has made him less or it's created less pressure for him to work. That's a different question than do I need a prenup. Okay. That is, you need pre-marriage counseling. Okay. When is the wedding scheduled?


November or no, sorry. Yeah, no, November 20th. I'm sorry. November what? 20th. Oh, November 20th this year. November 20th. Yes. So two, two or Three months. Have y'all been through pre-marriage counseling yet? We did one group thing, but not like individual. Okay. You need to do some intensive marriage counseling where you say to him what you said to us. Okay. That's very important. Okay. Because here's the problem, money does not cause people to have problems. It exposes problems that they have. It magnifies the good and the bad in you and in him.


And what you're saying is, is this has magnified a a lack of work ethic or something along those lines, a lack of motivation or whatever we wanna call it. And this seems to have made it worse, it feels like to you. Yeah. Okay. And So did he know he was, that you were gonna be getting this money? Was this conversation or was it a little bit out of the blue for both of you? Well, So we had been together about like five years and then my dad passed away. So that's how I inherited, or I mean, yeah. Oh, Oh, I'm sorry, Molly. Wow. Yeah, you've been through a lot, kiddo. All right. So the, the the, the point is this, yes, I do want you to get a prenup and I'll come back in a minute and explain why I don't believe in prenups very often, but occasionally I do.


What I don't want you to do is to think your prenup is going to fix your fiance. It doesn't, it just helps you escape him if it goes completely bad. Okay? So you've got to, you've gotta go in and have real clear relational goals with him. And that's 90% of solving the problem. You called about 10% is the prenup piece of paper. If you've got to fix a future spouse with a prenup, you shouldn't get married is my point. Because the prenup won't fix them. It's like doing a contract with a crook.


Contracts don't make crooks suddenly honest, they're still gonna find a way to crook you. Yeah. Okay. Contracts are not magical documents. They don't suddenly give people character and prenups are not magical documents. They don't suddenly solve relationship issues that have been exposed by this newfound money. So I want you to really, really, really lean into that. And a good friend of mine asked me this morning, he said his daughter's getting ready to get engaged and he wanted advice on what to tell the young man talking to him about his hand and marriage to his daughter. I said, FPU and pre-marriage counseling, you have a pre-marriage counseling alone will set you up detailed in depth.


Rachel and Winston did it. Denise and Bill did it. Daniel and Allison did it, and I mean they're married. These poor people are married into the Ramsey family. They need counseling. So Right. And it's pre Oh yeah, yeah. Deal with the family of origin that looks like this one. Oh my God. And so yeah, you, you gotta do it, Molly. That's the thing. Yeah. Now the reason I would tell you yes on a prenup is not because of what you're concerned about with him. It's because anytime there's a great disparity, like a huge pile of money like you've got versus no money, like he's got, it brings out weirdness in the extended family.


Yeah. Like, like his mother leans over and says, well honey, you don't have to work so hard. You know, it brings out weirdness in the extended family and there's always crazy in every family folks. And if you think there's not crazy in your family, that means it's you. So you, you've got to know that this million and a half, it's gonna warp your relationship with them. And one of the things a prenup does is it helps him not be susceptible to the other family influences that are weirded out by this money. Okay. Okay. It doesn't fix him, but it gives you guys some tools to say, look, this money's just not accessible for that.


It's not accessible for mosquito Joe. Sorry. We're not doing it. And by the way, mosquito Joe's a great little franchise. We're actually a customer. Yeah. So Yeah. And Molly and you guys talking About the great financial Prospect. Yeah. And you guys, I mean, y'all have been together what, since 16 years old. 17. Yes, Ma'am. Yeah. So I mean, and again, not that you can't marry your high school sweetheart by any means, but I, I mean, I do, I do think a good counseling or therapy, honestly, before you walk into this, is gonna be huge because there's habits or routines or just this kind of like way you guys have been doing life since you're 17. Yeah. That having a professional sit down and kind of just shake up the, the dynamic a little bit.


The high change the high school romance into a marriage, which Is good. Yeah. I'm like, because it's a, it's a totally different ball game and you're kind of feeling that now all of a sudden when you're out on your own and here's your hu soon to be husband thinking, oh my gosh, is he going to, is is he gonna, you know, carry his weight? And all of that needs to be exposed and fleshed out beforehand. So you're not crazy. Molly, this Is, yes, this is a flag because the disparity is so wide, I would get a prenup otherwise I would not. Folks and I don't think the prenup is gonna fix the relationship. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz here to tell you about a faith-based alternative to health insurance that can make healthcare more affordable.


Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM allows members to share each other's healthcare costs and it's as easy as 1, 2, 3, step one, choose the healthcare provider you want. Step two, submit your eligible bills. And step three, get reimbursed. CHM members take care of your eligible medical bills with no network and the freedom to choose your healthcare provider. CH m is the best option for Christians who wanna take care of their families and help other believers find out more at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget. Rachel Cruz Ramsey Personality is my co-host today.


Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. If you guys wanna help us out, we would appreciate it. We need your help And a bunch of you have been helping us out. We know that because the numbers around here are way up. Thank you. You can help us by just subscribing to the show on the platform that you're watching or listening or click follow or subscribe makes a huge difference. Also, share the show. You can, if you've got a share button, send a link to one of the shows. Say, Hey, listen to this, watch this. You can just cut out a link and may email it to your friend. Go, Hey, check this out. And we've all done that. We've all told someone about a good book or a movie and I had a good friend recommend a good book this week and I picked it up immediately.


I'll be reading it soon. And so that's how I get my best books is through people who know what they're doing, sending me an idea. There we go. So check it out. And also, of course, the five star reviews make a big difference. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Donnie is in Charleston, West Virginia. Hey Donnie. What's up? Hey Dave, it's good talking to you. You too. How can I help? So me and my wife are kinda young and dumb. We've done stupid with the Lotum heroes, as you'd say. One new listeners to this show. So basically to get right to the point, we're just kinda wondering if we have an income problem or a budget problem. Okay.


What do you think it's, I think it's a budget problem and she thinks it's an income problem. She's looking into a new job. What's your income? We make 110,000 years of household. What does she make? She makes 60. Okay. And she thinks she can make more? Yes. She's a travel CNA and she's looking into taking a contract in Pennsylvania. You're in Charleston All an hour pay. I'm sorry. You would move to Pennsylvania. She would just go to stay there during the duration of the contract. How long is the contract?


It's built in for about 16 weeks, but it's indefinite, so it could be as long as she wants it to be. Hmm, Okay. And how much would she make instead of 60? She would make what? So she's making about 27 an hour now. She'd go up to 35. Okay. Are you guys have debt, are y'all, are y'all trying to get outta debt or are you just trying To, yes. Okay. How much debt do you guys have? Lord, this number makes me a sec. We are just shy of 94,000 On what? Credit cards, personal loans and car notes.


What do you owe on the cars? 75,456 On And break that down. Which car's? Which? So she has a 2024 Ford Bronco. She owes about 44 grand on eight and she also has a 2018 Ford Fusion, which she owes a little under 16 on. and I have a 2010 Chevy Silverado and I owe about 15,000 on it. Why do we have three cars? Very dumb mistake. Okay. There's not, there's not three, there's not three people there. Right?


There's just How. long have you been married? Since May. Okay. Alright. And you can almost, yeah. So Donnie, here's the thing. I tried for years to outearn my stupidity and it always would catch me from behind and tackle me. So before I let my brand new wife be gone from me for 16 weeks to make a few dollars more, I would sell the crap out of every car sitting in your driveway and get you two, $2,000 Hoopes and have a wonderful first year of marriage. Okay? You need to amputate the Bronco, buddy.


You ain't going to do it though, are you? Well, it's hers. I don't care. It's not hers, it's ours. We just got married. I Agree. But in her mind it's probably hers and he is gonna have to convince her. I mean Yeah, You gotta convince her. Her. But Does she, does she wanna do this too? Like meaning like this plan, does she wanna get outta debt and is she like, 'cause part of the sacrifice of going and moving away for four months, there's obviously something there, but hers is the income problem is what you're saying, or which she trying Thinks aren't she trying to out earn Yeah. The Bronco. Yeah. And the Bronco's gonna run her over Yeah. Mean leave tire Tracks. Yeah. I mean, just looking at the simple math really fast, I'm like, you can almost cut this in half by selling two of the cars. Hello? Ding ding, ding ding. Sixth grade buddy. You Can go down to $54,000.


Your, Your brand new Newlywed wife wants to trade four months time with her husband for her Bronco bad trade. Okay. So how would you guys recommend going about the negative equity? Because that's, that's a big problem we've got with all three vehicles. Yeah, I would borrow the difference. Okay. It still is gonna be a whole lot less debt than you have. Yeah. But you guys are, you guys are car poor is your problem. These cars, have you got $90,000 in debt? 75 of it's cars? Yes sir. Yeah, You got a car Problem, which honestly, Donnie on the, on the joyful flip side of it, this is amazing because you can actually do something about it.


Some people call us and they have a hundred thousand dollars in student loan debt that you gotta just grind it out. Yeah. You can't sell the student. Yeah. This, this, you can actually make a big d like really quickly. Like this is, this is the best case scenario. Yeah. The best case scenario, right? Like you can actually do something drastic and what a, what a gift. So see it as a gift of like, oh my gosh, we can actually make really big strides. It's gonna take some, you know, making some changes, but it's a car. Yeah. When I was in, you Can get that later. When I was a new husband, I was a stupid husband. So let me tell you how not to do this. 'cause I've done it, honey. I talked to these guys. We're gonna sell your car. That's not how you do it. Okay. The way you do it is, I love you so much.


I wanna spend time with you. I do not want you to be away from me and I feel like we're all that time away just to keep a bronco. That Bronco doesn't mean anywhere near as much to me as you do much better sales technique. Okay? Yes, sir. And, And you guys, Donnie, lay this out seriously, together tonight. Sit down and you guys do a timeline and just look at run numbers. Get a sheet of paper out and a pen and a calculator and just sit there and just do a, run. A bunch of numbers, a bunch of timelines and like actually get a plan in place. Have you, did you guys even think about selling the car? I'm just curious. We have, okay. I actually had a second car myself just from listening to your guys's show.


I, I recently went out and got a personal one for negative equity on it. Got rid of it as well. Good. Great. Great. Perfect. Yep. Yeah. So you called up and said, do we have a budgeting problem or an income problem? The answer is neither you have a car problem. Okay. Thanks for calling man. I hope that helps you. I hope you go do this stuff 'cause you're, otherwise you're gonna struggle for an extra five years more than you needed to if you dumped every car in your life. Got you. A couple of hoopty. You could be completely debt free in a year. A year With $110,000. Yeah. Income Making. Yeah. And you're brand new married and you've spent the whole year together instead of apart. Yeah. Really hard to be apart right after you're married. Yes.


Very difficult. Wow. Good call, man. Thank you for que your question. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. There are folks who are forced to be apart. Like we have a good friend whose daughter got married to a, a Green Beret and Three months later, he was gone for nine months. So of their first year of marriage, he was gone the last nine months of the first year doing things that he can't talk about in places he can't talk about. And so, because that's what people like Green Berets do and that's what keeps you people free out there.


So thank you. We salute you, but wow. I mean, that's a brand new married couple and oh my gosh. Yeah. That has options. and I think that's the other thing. It's kinda like been the theme I feel like of this show is when you have options, that's gift. Take the option, sell the car. That's an option, right? When you're a military family, you don't have the option. You don't have the option. That's your job. Like, That's it. She knew what, she knew what she was signing up for. She can, she can still be a nurse. She has an option to still be a nurse where you guys are in West Virginia and sell the car and you guys can move forward on the, on the progress. So that, that's such a gift. It's a gift when there's options, right? If, if you don't have the option, you know, if it's just student loans, there's no option to sell anything, you know, to sell, to sell an item, you gotta pay off the debt, right? So see it as a gift, Donny, for sure.


And you guys, ugh, you can make such quick strides and you're still so young in your marriage. Like, do it, do it. You have plenty of life to go get a Bronco again. I can promise you I've been married 43 years and the cars that we were driving when we got married are completely irrelevant in our life today. This is The, Ramsey, Show. Don't rely on politicians or the healthcare system to do what you can do for yourself. We teach personal responsibility on The, Ramsey Show. And that's why I'm excited to tell you how you can take your family's health into your own hands.


A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company, I got mine. and I can tell you this is not some rinky-dink first aid kit with band-aids. It comes with real prescriptions prepared by leading doctors to treat over 30 common illnesses. This kit can treat infections like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and bronchitis because you have the prescriptions on hand, like a z-pack, amoxicillin, or ivermectin. And if you start your meds faster, you get well faster. The kit gives you peace of mind. No doctor visits, no pharmacy lines, no copays. Wellness company medical emergency kits help put you in control of your family's health.


So go to urgent care kit.com/ramsey, answer a few online questions and get your kit rushed to your door. Use the promo code Ramsey for a 15% discount at checkout. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey promo code Ramsey. Rachel Cruz Ramsey. Personality is my co-host. Thank you for joining us America. Andrea is in Pensacola. Hi Andrea, how are you? I am doing amazing. how are you doing Dave? Better than I deserve. What's up? Alright, so I work in food service. I work a $14 an hour job, and I have made $60,000 by working a crap ton of overtime in 2023.


Good for you. I have been looking forward to going on vacation because my grandmother's turning 90, so the 4 0 1 KI have $65,000 in a 401k. I have $24,000 in my Roth. IRA and I had $10,000 in yada bank. I had $4,000 in regions, that was my emergency funds. But we had a storm here and we needed a new roof, which I was able to pay completely. And the car had brought a nail in the tire. And So we had to replace the tire.


So the checking account's down to $400 and my grandmother's birthday is next week. and I, should I go ahead and take some of the money out of retirement accounts because is currently frozen and I've been working really hard for this vacation, but I don't have any money in my checking account. It's all in in retirement. Where is the, where is the birthday? The birthday is in Colorado, so I'd have to go from Pensacola to Colorado. A very long drive. And then once you get there, is it, do you have people to stay with or what, what does it look like for that?


I'd have to stay with my aunt, but they wanted to go to a You there, did we lose you? I think we lost you. Oh no. Let's see if we can get you back. Rachel's in Atlanta. Hi Rachel, welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hi there. Hi How. can we help? Well, I just need to ask a question and it may seem obvious to you, it's just not completely obvious to me. I, I'm 66 years old and my financial advisor has said that I should wait till 70 to take my social security, but I'd like to take it now we do have quite, quite a bit of assets, but I would just like to have more money now to spend as I'd like to rather than waiting until I'm 70.


Okay? You know, here, here's, financial advisors are there to teach you not to tell you what to do. They should have the heart of a teacher. And so the first thing I want you to do is to go back to your financial advisor and say, why are you telling me this? Okay. Okay. Did you understand why he said it or she said it? Well, he basically said, you know, if you wait until you're, I think that's about 1700 a month now if I take it, but if it, if I wait till I'm 70, it'll be a little over 2000. Yeah. Okay. And he just said, you know, everything goes up and the more money you can get, the better. I think on, well, that's not necessarily true.


Okay. Okay. In order to do that formula, and we have to know when you're gonna die, Right? We don't. Okay. And so basically we're trading $300 a month for the rest of your life, whatever that is for $1,700 times 3,600 times. 36 months. Okay? And so we're talking about 18,000. We're talking about 50 grand. Okay? So the $50,000 extra that you get during the three years of not waiting, were you to invest that would provide you with more than the $300 of income that it's gonna increase.


So he's wrong. Okay. So hypothetically, let's, let's say you weren't gonna spend it, it sounded like you wanna spend it, which I'm okay with that. Okay? But, but mathematically, if we wanna measure out which way is the best way, if you get 1700 now times 36, okay? That's gonna be a almost 50,000 bucks. Alright? It probably is 50,000 bucks, but it's right around there. Okay? And so if you make 10% on 50,000 bucks, that's $5,000 a year. That's a little over $400 a month. And you've got the 50,000 bucks in your hand. So if you didn't spend the 1700 and put it all into an investment to offset the fact that you are not gonna get 300, instead you're gonna get 400 and you have 50,000 bucks in the bank.


You see what I'm talking about? Yes, sir. I do. Yeah. So you take it now, he's wrong. Okay? Even if you, you're gonna spend it And even if you wanna spend it, enjoy it because to your point, I mean, in the later years of life, right? Health, everything, I mean, things start to it, it can go down. Yeah. And so while you're feeling great and wanna enjoy life, yeah. You know, I need, I probably need to sign up. I'm 63 because here's the thing, social security, it is absolutely sucks beyond belief. The amount of money I'm gonna get out versus the amount of money I have put in in my life. I have a negative rate of return. I have lost money. It's a tax. And so I'm taxed even more if I don't take it all as much out as I can before I die.


Mm. I've lost all of it. 'cause you, you know what you get after you die, it's called zero. You know? And so Yeah, I'm taking this now, especially with the number you Gave me. You'll look at you look at you taking Social security. Well, I hadn't even thought about it. I know. Getting up there in age, Dave. There we go. Getting Up there in age. Take what you deserve. Well, I mean, I don't know if I'll do it at 63, but I I probably do need to actually look at the calculation. I haven't bothered, it's not a life changing event for me. But the, but the the point being, thanks. It's just that, that get as much as you can get of it back before you die because you're, you've gotten screwed by them with this whole system.


It's ab it's called Socialized Retirement. I think we have Andrea back too. Oh, Good. All right. Let's go back to Andrea. Okay. Andrea's trying to get to her 95-year-old grandmother's 90th. Yeah. She's gonna stay at her aunt's and she's gonna drive from Pensacola to Colorado. She needs the money to do that without taking it out of a return account. Okay. Number one thing we don't analyze. Are you There? Andrea? Are you with me? Andrea? Yes I Am. Perfect. Okay. Number, one thing is we don't analyze this whole thing based on a pity party of how hard you've worked. I'm sorry you worked, you're like an adult and stuff. That's what you had to do. Okay. Okay. I've worked really hard and I deserve it. Sorry. You don't get to do stupid stuff because of that. And cashing out your retirement stuff is bad for you. I'll Throw the pity party with you, Angela. Yeah.


It's, it's okay. It's bad for you. I want you to go, I want you to go, but we're not, if we, if we go, we're not gonna do it because of those feelings. 'cause those feelings will cause you to do stupid stuff your whole life and get you broke. I know. 'cause I used to fall for that all the time now. Got that outta the way. The, so, so you need how much to go over there? I was thinking $3,000. Okay. Did you actually run a budget of what you need to go over there? You need gas. It's not 3000 worth of gas. What else do you need? Probably food. Okay. And it's next week. Yes. And And the 10,000 is frozen.


What was that in account? What was the, what was the 10,000 in again? Yaa Bank account? It was Graham Steffen was recommending it at, at some point the, I bought a bank. I'm sorry. And, and is it like a savings account? Why is it frozen? Did it fail? I don't, I'm not familiar with what you're talking about. Synapse went into, Oh crap. It's in that deal. Okay, now I know what you're talking about. Yeah. So yeah, it is a bank failure. So you've got an FDIC frozen account. Oh gee. Oh, okay. All right. I also do have about $3,000 in Ivans, but they aren't a year old yet.


I That I dont care. Go cash. Get That's them. Go cash them. Go cash 'em and go on vacation. Yeah. You can't get the 10 K. It's a failed bank. You're gonna have to wait on the FDIC to do that. The other thing, if you cash out your Roth IRA, you're gonna lose so much money. Oh. When you're your grandmother's age, you would call me up and choke me if I let you do it. So No, you no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Cash out the I Bonds kiddo. Oh, by the way, anything else you got, put it on a Facebook marketplace. Let's have a huge garage sale at your house this week and sell everything in sight. And let's go see Granny, I want you to go, I just don't want you to cash out your retirement to do it. and I don't want you to use your feelings to make your decisions with use Math and logic and wisdom and grownup emotions.


It's a valid thing to want to go. I want you to go, but I want you to do it. Smart This is The Ramsey Show. Hey, small business owner. Does it feel like there's never enough time in the week? If you're sick and tired of barely keeping your head above water or never having enough time to work on the important stuff, then you need the Entree Leadership system. The blueprint for building a self-sufficient business so you can Spend less time running your business and more time growing it. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash more time and download our free Getting started guide today.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey. Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. James, do you have the numbers on what that thing this video did on social? I don't know them off. It was millions of millions, but I don't want to super exaggerate. It might've been 10 million. Not off the top Of my head, but I can go Look. Okay. If you get it, that'd be great. So our social media team goes back through the archives of this show and they found a talk I, our call I took, gosh, it had to be before 2019 'cause it was in the old studios. We've been in this building since 2019. and I could tell by the background, obviously in the, in the video.


And they posted a clip of it. And sometimes we around here are a little bit caught off guard by, you know, we may post 10 clips. One of 'em will have, can find, you know, a million views and one of 'em will have, you know, 40 million views or something. And so on Instagram, I've got about 5 million people on Instagram or something like that. And so you find it 5.8 million on Instagram. We're looking at others 5.8 million. This thing viewed on Instagram when they posted it, which we don't understand sometimes why these, why some of 'em take off. And you guys are so responsive to some of 'em and other ones just that we think are really cool. Don't take off. Anyway, this thing blew up so we're gonna play it and then Rachel's gonna Tell us.


Why it blew up. No, I'm kidding. Oh, I was like, I haven't seen it. I haven't seen It. Alright, watch Careful then. Here we go. I have 35 credit cards. Okay. Are you, are you ready to endure some pain to get rid of this mess? It's going to leave us with Harley anything. Are you Ready to endure some pain to get rid of this mess? Yes, I am. What about Your Husband? Oh yes. Yes he is. Okay. Alright. Yes, he and the two of you need to sit down together. Go on EveryDollar dot com and do your budget tonight. Okay. You can download it to your iPhone or your Android or your desktop. It's free. A check comes in, all the money goes out, and then you're broke and you can't figure out how to go to the grocery store. Yes, exactly. You're not living by any kind of plan.


This money is owning you. You don't own it. And you gotta get the other side of it. And the budget helps you do that. You're telling your money what to do instead of wondering where it went. Okay. And then you and your husband are in agreement. We're going to sacrifice deeply because I am so sick of living like this. And when you get sick and tired of sick and tired, you're ready to change your life, kiddo. Yes. Yeah, You can, you can do it. And you call me back if you need help. Okay. Okay. Thank you Dave. It sounds like a call I've done 5,000 times. Well, 30 did she say 35? Maybe that was it though. 35 credit cards. Yeah, but I mean, it's a lot. But yeah, it, it's, it's, it's a George Costanza wallet. Right. I mean it's, you know, I don't know what that means On Seinfeld.


George had a wallet, se se that was six inches thick. Yeah, Seinfeld is Seinfeld. Yeah. Yeah. In a whole different world. Oh, okay. I know I'm friends. Another generation I'm friends versus Seinfeld. Sorry. Okay. Yeah. But no, I mean, I, sorry, I I don't dunno either. I don't know. I don't know. I Don't know. I don't know why 10 million people wanna See that it's five, it's probably $35,000 and I guess everything you said in there though is all true. You wanna be the one controlling your money, not your money controlling you. You actually want to be able to have a say you're exhausted of how you've been living. I mean, it's, it is all of that pent up tension when it comes to feeling lost and hopeless with money.


Right. I mean, it's, it's, it's the exact pain points. So many people feel so many When you reach the point of being sick and tired and being sick and tired. And Les Brown, the great motivator, I've said it a thousand times, always said, you should finally say, that's it. I've had it. That's what I was asking her challenge. Are you ready? Yep. Because you've got, 'cause change is painful. Doing something you've never done before is scary. Yep. It's frustrating, it's painful. But you're gonna keep getting what you've been getting unless you change the mix. If you keep making a cake and it's strawberry and you want chocolate, you should change the recipe. You know, you don't be surprised. It's chocolate again. Who knew? You know? Well, of course it's the same stupid cake you made the same stupid recipe.


So you keep doing that in your life. It's the same thing. And so if I keep eating what I've been eating, I'm, my body's gonna continue to look exactly like this. Well, in any, any level of growth. And I'm, and I'm thinking, you know, relationally, financially, physically like any of that spiritually, I mean all of it. That there's a level of of change that is so uncomfortable. But you have to be uncomfortable to grow if you keep staying where you, you know what I mean, how you've been, you're gonna, there's no pain involved. 'cause there's no friction. It's just, you're just doing the same thing over and over again. Right? Yeah. So when you are changing, it's gonna be uncomfortable and there's gonna be some pain. But that means it's, you're growing, you're growing in an area of your life and you're not stagnant and I think That's a hard, it's not change.


The pain is not for nothing. It's transformation. Yep. It's the, the, the strain of the caterpillar pushing out of the cocoon allows it to become a butterfly. It's transformation. It's not accidental. And so you can count on you becoming the next awesome version of you hurting. It's gonna be painful at times. You know, no discipline seems pleasant at the time. The Bible says no discipline seems pleasant at the time, but ding, ding, ding. But it yields a harvest of righteousness.


So, no, you know, no time, you know, you and Winston got, got the whole family doing cold plunges at no point in doing a cold punch. Not the whole family is My children. You're Yeah. We put the little babies in there too. No, I'm kidding. Oh God. No, no, no, I'm kidding. No, no, no, no. But I mean, you got, you got I at no point. Yeah. Is this fun? Yeah. But the result is inflammation's down all these other things and you know, the result is it's, you know, it's good for you. Yeah. You pay a price to get better and that price is the pain of change. And until you have enough pain where you are today, you will not walk towards the pain of change.


The pain of today can be just simple to simply disgusted with myself. Or it could be, I'm about to get foreclosed on. I mean, the pain of today can be a lot of different kinds of pain. But you can, you can manifest pain today. You can just get sick and tired of being sick and tired. That's right. Yep. It's a disgust. Right. And then you go, okay, 35 credit cards, I'm broke. I look like I'm in Congress, I'm not living like this anymore. And then giving her a tool. EveryDollar, I think people are, they're, they're, they're needing something to help them in this, in this world of money in they're needing a tool. They're needing something to assist them because it is, it's hard to do it on your own. Right? I mean, we, I have a trainer to help, you know, with working out.


You have, you have areas of your life that you get advice from and you have experts to help you. And now in the world of technology, you're able to, in a great way, you know, have an app on your phone that is guiding you just as Winston and I. We sat down two nights ago and did our August budget on EveryDollar. So I'm like, to have something assist you in it is such a gift, you guys. So the EveryDollar budget, it's that if you go to EveryDollar dot com and create your first budget for free and start actually doing this, that's a gift and of self of having a tool come alongside you as well. Yeah. But then you have to do it, you have to stick to what you wrote down. And if you wrote down something that's different than you, the way you used to live, and it says, okay, we're not gonna spend anything on restaurants this month and we've been living at restaurants prior.


That's, that's a big change. That's Right. Yep. And, and you know, it'll be about 30 minutes before that little devil on your shoulder says Chick-fil-A No, the devil The devil would not say Chick-fil-A That's Jesus chicken. But he might say true. He might say Chipotle. Chipotle Might say Chipotle. Yeah. I don't know. What would the devil say? But anyway, you see what I'm saying? There's gonna be some kind of little thing reminding you Taco Bell. Taco Bell. Oh, that's definitely the devil. No question. That's the devil. Yeah. Okay. So, oh my gosh. So anyway, whatever it is, you go, okay. It's, there's, what's the temptation? you know, we used to watch those cartoons when you're a little kid with Fred Flintstone and he would've a little, little devil on one shoulder, a little angel on the other shoulder.


Right. Whispering. And what's the temptation? Somebody's gonna try to drag you back to your land of stupid that you're trying to leave, even though you have a roadmap with your EveryDollar budget on how to leave the land of stupid drive on boy, drive on, get through, get through, get through, push through, get through i country song. If you're going through, hell keep going. You know, keep going. There's nothing on the other side. Delony talks about that. If you're going through a hard time, the fastest way through a hard time is straight into it. Yep. Not trying to back up, not trying to run around it, not trying to avoid it. Run right. Straight through it. And that's true of change. That's cha true of transformation.


And that's why we teach you that snowball. 'cause you get outta debt fast. We want you to lean in with intensity. And, and this is why the EveryDollar system works. So I guess that, I guess that's what that was. I don't know. I it is a bit of a mystery to me. I was waiting for something so profound. I'm just kidding. Yeah. Really. It's a bit of a mystery to me. The things I've said like 80,000 times occasionally go viral and other times they're just flat board. And It could be the 35 credit cards That might have been It's intense. It was, it was a good opener. Good, good teaser. Yeah. This is The Ramsey Show Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships.


Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. Rachel Cruz Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us. Carrie May is with us in Minneapolis. Hi, Carrie, may. how are you? Hi, Dave. I'm good. Good. What's up? Well, about a month and a half ago, my house was hit by a tornado. Oh My Lord. Mm. Me and my three kids were home. It was horrifying. I bet. And when we went to make the claim, we called the insurance and we were informed that our insurance had been dropped a few months ago.


And So, we have no Insurance. How, how long have you been in the house? We moved in in February. This was a new build. We moved in February of this year. And you put permanent, because usually when you do a new build, you have builder's risk insurance, which is different than homeowners. Correct. When you move in, you put a new homeowner's policy on it. Did you do that So? we had the builder's insurance that started in July of last year. And it was supposed to go through July of this year. It doesn't go through once you move in. Correct. The, so what we found out was that they had dropped our insurance during the building, not even when it was completed, but during the building.


And the bank never got informed of this. When we went to sign the mortgage, the bank never verified that we were switching from the construction loan to a permanent homeowner's insurance. But you didn't either. You didn you didn't know you were supposed to switch from a builder's risk to a homeowner's. No. Okay. Did you have a builder or a realtor or anybody involved in this? We had, well, it's a manufactured home. So it was a company that built the house offsite and then put it on the foundation. But they were doing the contracting.


We went through a titled company and we went through the bank and yeah. They, they couldn't believe it when we called them. And they were like, they did not know how it, it happened, how it happened that we did not have insurance. Okay. How much do you owe on this house and how much is left of it? The house needs to be taken down to the foundation. There's 277,000 on the mortgage. And then what the bank did do, because they did realize what a mess up they had on their end is they back dated forced hazard insurance, which only covers the mortgage.


But I don't know if that means it's gonna cover the entire mortgage or if they're gonna look at, well there's still value in the foundation and things like that and subtract that. I'm not sure how that works. That's really good news. Okay. I'm not sure how you, they may have some kind of a blanket policy for all of their loans that is forced placed and they have the ability to legally backdate, normally you cannot backdate insurance like Right. Oh, the house burned down, let's go buy some fire insurance. Right. You really can't do that normally. Yeah. But the, if they've got a blanket policy for all of their loans, it's a, for, it's what's called force placed, meaning that a bank can force insurance onto your property if you have a lien with that bank, a mortgage with that bank.


It's forced placed if you haven't paid your homeowners to protect themselves only. Right. Right. And that's what this is. And they, they generally have a, a blanket policy for their whole portfolio. So maybe that's how they're able to do that. The good news is, is the house was probably only cost you about you, you didn't put a lot down on it, did you? We put 70,000 into it. Oh. But you're gonna get the lot. But I mean, yeah, we have the, it's a two and a half acre lot. And then plus we put in the septic and the, well, what's What's the lot worth? We bought it for 36,000. Okay. All right. I'm so sorry. What a mess. Okay.


Let, let's run two possible scenarios down. Okay. I think what's going to happen is, is the bank's gonna pay off the mortgage. You're gonna end up with a lot and you're probably gonna lose some money if you sold the lot versus, versus what you put into it. But you're probably not gonna end up owing 270,000 bucks, which is really, really good news. Agreed. Right. So, I'm sorry you've been through this. Is everybody okay? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Where are you guys living now? We were living with my parents an hour away. What's your household income? 75,000. Okay. And nobody was harmed. Nobody was harmed. Praise God.


That's important. That's so scary. Okay. Yeah. So what would I do if I were in your shoes if I went through all of that? Is I would sell the lot. Okay. Put the 40 or 50,000 that you can get outta the lot, whatever it is in my pocket. And I'm gonna start the whole idea of home ownership over again and go, I lost 20 grand and nobody got hurt. And that's where we are. Okay. That's not bad. That's really not bad. That's not, that's better than we started the call with. Okay. If that, and that's probably what you're, I'm gonna give you a 90% probability that's what's going to occur. And by the way, I'm also gonna tell you don't do manufactured housing again.


Yep. Okay. We, so the good news is you got outta manufactured housing 'cause it goes down in value. It does not go up. Yeah. And so this time we're going to buy a stick built, normal built home or build a stick built normal built home. One of the two with 50,000 down. Now we don't have 70,000 put down 'cause we lost money on this overall transaction. I think that's what's gonna happen. Scenario number two, pull all of this together, including copies of the policies, the insurance policies that if you haven't got them, call the insurance company and tell 'em to send 'em to you. If they don't send them to you, your attorney's gonna make them, send them under discovery.


Okay. Because most states have a requirement of 30 days of written notice before they cancel insurance coverage. The bank claims it didn't get written coverage, you claim you didn't get written coverage. They're gonna have to prove they gave written coverage or written notice of the coverage being canceled. So I should say that after the fact, I, I did realize that we had a letter that said that, Oh, you're screwed. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So what that means is you're not very organized and you don't keep your mail opened and your bills paid.


Right. Okay. Right. That exercise cost you 20 grand. So change that habit. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So they did give you a proper notice. So they're, they're not at fault then. Okay. Alright. 'cause I, I'm guessing that Minnesota requires the same as most states, which is a 30 day notice. Tennessee does. I know. And most others. So, yep. You're gonna sell a lot and you're gonna get out by the skin of your teeth it sounds like because of forced placed insurance. I'm so sorry y'all went through this. Mm, what a horrible lesson to learn folks. Being organized and opening your mail and knowing what's going on. It's a big deal. It's a $270,000 deal here.


This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey good folks. Dr. John Delony here. Don't you think life is too short to hate Mondays? Listen, you're worth loving the work you do and where you do it. So guess what? Ramsey? Solutions is hiring. If you're ready to join an amazing team that's all about changing lives and spreading hope. We wanna see your application right now. We're hiring for technology, sales, marketing, writing, copy, editing and creative roles. Check out all our job postings at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash careers. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash careers.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey Personality, my daughter number one bestselling author is my co-host today.


Well the live like no one else. Cruz on Holland, America in March, going to Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas with all the Ramsey personalities, plus Stephen Curtis Chapman, monit Shohan and others is all most sold out now. Almost means not quite. So you can still get a cabin and the ultimate debt-free celebration. This vacation is for those of you who are on baby step four and beyond. And we're gonna have, as I said, Steven Curtis. So Rachel Steven was over at the house Monday night and you know, he is Grammy Award winner, 67 doves major, major deal. Last week he got inducted into the Grand Ole Opry. Oh that's great. And he was tearful talking about it. Rick, Ricky Scaggs, our buddy Ricky did the induction surprised him. And he had actually done an appearance on the Grand Ole Opry when he worked at Opryland. Oh, when he was 19. Yes. Steven's not 19 anymore. So yeah, Opryland, those are the days. Pretty cool. So he's gonna be with us on the cruise. We'll all of us, all the Ramsey personalities. We'll be doing events and talks and other things. Manita will do a cooking demonstration. She's off the food channel and all this stuff. It's pretty gonna be pretty stinking cool. You can put a $600 deposit down before all the cabins are gone. You should do that before all the cabins are gone. 'cause it's almost sold out. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. We'll be cruising March 22nd through the 29th. And this is a high-end. Nice cruise. This is Holland America. This is not Walmart on the seas. This is a pretty nice deal. Okay. So check it out and you're gonna, you're gonna love it. Not that I hate Walmart, but Walmart on the seas is unappealing.


Alright, now Melissa is in Philadelphia. Hi Melissa. how are you? I'm good. how are you? Better than I deserve. How. can we help? Okay. It's a little complicated. My, sorry. I'm at a crossroads and I feel very stuck. and I am sorry I'm a little nervous. It's okay. I'm a single mother of a beautiful daughter. She's, she's about to turn 15 in October. and I, I, I left her father eight years ago, my husband of 25 years.


We had her late move to a miracle. And I've been on my own with her. We share custody. That's a different story. But I've been trying so hard to make it because he was always the breadwinner and I. Don't know at this point if I should go back to school, but my age, I'm feel like I'm running out of time. How Are you? I wanna, I'm 56. Oh, you're out of time, that's for sure. Stop. I mean, to start like a whole career, like, you know, 23rd year. Yes, I hear you. You ever hear of the Sistine Chapel? The famous painting?


No. In the Sistine Chapel painted by Leonardo da Vinci. You ever heard of that? I Haven't heard of it. Okay. I heard of him, but not of that. Okay. There's a famous painting on the Sistine Chapel. It's on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. 44 feet off the ground. You've Probably seen it. It's right. God and Adam, they're touching fingers. The Two right. Two guys touching fingers. Yeah. Okay. Yes. That's it. It was painted by Leonardo DaVinci laying on his back on scaffolding. He was 77 years old. Wow. Colonel Sanders never fried chicken till he was 72. Multimillionaires all over the world with Kentucky Fried Chicken because of him. You're not done kiddo. As long as you're breathing. I I have nothing. I really do. I mean, I'm not saying nothing, but I mean, I, one good thing I'm my, I'm under 5,000 in debt.


Good. You know, that I owe. Okay. So your daughter is 15. How long have you been gone from the husband? Eight years. Okay. 2016. Okay. And you've been surviving since then as a scrappy she bear It's been hard. I've been, You're a, you're a warrior princess. You are tough as nails. I don't feel that way, honestly. I Really don hard. Well I guarantee you, you freaking survived. You got no debt been and you raised a 15-year-old. My God. These are mammo tasks. Seriously. I'm trying. You need, seriously, you're tired. I don't blame you for that. You have a level of emotional, you're tired, you have a level of emotional fatigue and you've never completely regained all of your confidence yet.


But you are a pretty amazing lady. Now, what is it you wanna be when you grow up, Melissa? Okay, so back in my twenties, I was, I was started college to my, my, my goal then was to become an account. CPA good. and I did, I did go to college for what it was under two years. and I dropped out. Okay. My wife happened. My, my grandfather passed. I'm not making excuses. My one friend told me, warned me back then, don't do it because you won't come back. And she was right. Yeah. But, so Since then i's worked out. That's all, that's all behind us. Is that what you wanna do? I do. I've done bookkeeping throughout the years. That's What you wanna do. He Was So what do we need to do? Let's go do it.


What do you gotta get? I don't know. Gotta get a two year degree then go get your CP. Should I, should I go back to college? Get put, go into that debt? I don't, you're not going into debt. We're just gonna go get a community college and get a two year degree in accounting and pass your CPA. It takes more than two years, doesn't it for CPA or is that just a test? I mean, All, you just, just pass a test four years. You're an adult. You're not a 21-year-old. Okay. Yeah. I mean check, check in, check in Pennsylvania. What you've gotta do, start talking to the community colleges. And what I want you to do is gather up a bunch of online options and a bunch of community college options. They're very inexpensive.


And go take whatever you need to take and then take the test and go be, go be your next self. You're awesome. Oh, thank you. I don't Well, And none of this, none of this is gonna cost a lot of money. Well, I, I'm looking at my other dilemma was I'm, you know, online there's a lot of things popping up. Be a bookkeeper, make your own business and you know, without college and I click on certain links. And some of them are, in my opinion, scams because Yeah. Most of that's a bunch of crap. And you, most of that's get rich quick crap. You know that. Yeah. And that's not what I want. I don't Why don't you go talk, Why, why don't you go talk to five or six different people that own accounting firms and ask them if they need some help and what, how of your education they would pay if you went to work for them.


Okay. And let's go ahead and just get started. It's not only around here where I'm at, but I, but I could definitely look, look, look into that. You can look anywhere. It doesn't matter. I mean, wherever you wanna be. I don't care. You're right. You the new, you can live wherever you wanna live. You're Melissa. I don't than this, you know what's funny? My, my, my self-esteem. Well my whole life has not been, well, you know, it is at times because I know deep down who I am. But I've I've there's been a lot of, A lot. Yeah. You've been through hell. Hey, so Delony, Dr. Delony, our, our a guy that's got a PhD in counseling around here. He does a lot of work with trauma situations. That's what I've had. Yeah. Extreme trauma. And he says that one of the things you need to remember when you're in trauma or have been through trauma is that facts are your friends not feelings.


Okay. So what I've been yelling at you for the last few minutes, 'cause I'm your friend and I love you. Is are facts. I've been telling you the facts that I've already discovered in a short conversation about Melissa. Wow. Okay. Those Weren't feelings. I don't have any feelings. I don't know you. Right. Okay. I'm just observing, thank you. Who I'm talking to and feeding it back to you. So facts are your friends. Thank you. And that'll also be true when you go talk to some accounting firms and you do some you, you talk to like Liberty University about their online programs. They've got the largest online program in the world. You ought to go check 'em out. You, you go talk to the local community colleges.


They're very inexpensive to go to. Maybe even free. I was Gonna say some states they're free. Yeah, Yeah. Some states are completely free and go, go gather up a bunch of facts. Yeah. And Melissa, hold on the line 'cause Christian will pick up, we'll give you Ken Coleman's assessment and his book just to kind of, you know, get some again facts on paper about who Melissa is and then Christian throw in John's books as well. Building a non-anxious life and Yeah. This is Building non anxious life will do it. That's what We need. No, I know. But own your past change. Future Own your past change. Sorry John. That one's, that's better for her situation. Yes. Own your past, change your future. But that's all good. Those are all tools. Give both of those and give her the get the get clear assessment. Get clear assessment and the find the work you're wire to do book and all of that'll help.


Yeah. That all of that. 'cause that's, that's what you need to do. Yeah. Start sit down and make some lists of a, a list of actually what is going on. Not what the feelings are about what's going on. 'cause you've been in just freaking survival mode. Yeah. For so long you haven't looked up and realized exactly where you are. And Melissa, go talk to those people like Dave said, because you may find too, gosh, there's a position over here that I may not need as much over, you know, the degrees and this is a great fit and pays great and I can just kind of plug in here. You never know. So talking to people and who you know is so key to Yep. Go get 'em girl. Go get 'em. You're a warrior Princess This is The Ramsey Show.


Are you planning to sail with us on the live like no one else cruise. Then you better book your cabin before they're sold out. If you're on baby, step four and above, come aboard. March 22nd through the 29th of 2025 as we set sale for Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, San Juan and The Bahamas. Join me, the Ramsey personalities and a ton of special guests for the ultimate debt-free celebration. Book your cabin because they are going fast. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruz today.


Rachel Cruz Number, one bestselling author, Ramsey personality co-host of the Smart Money. Happy Hour. My daughter is my co-host today. Why David is with us in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Hi David, how are you? How are you Don? Better than I deserve. What's up? Okay So. my question is, so just a backstory, about a year ago, my wife's grandfather had passed away. So, we had moved down with grandmother just to keep her in good spirit. So recently it was brought to my attention that when full circle happened and she passed away, the house will be given to us. Now one thing I don't wanna wait around on is that So, my question is, do I follow the baby steps and still save up for a house and purchased a house?


Or since this house is being inherited to us, do we stay here? I think there might be some other reasons to stay there. But I wouldn't stay somewhere because of a house. Correct? Correct. I would live where I'm supposed to live my best life. And where, what is good for you and your wife and, and if you're there temporarily to care for a family member, that's nice and noble. But that does not mean that you are directed by God to spend the rest of your life in that particular location. So you just gotta decide that. Right. And so the two, okay, the two of you need to say, okay, 10 years from today, where do we see ourselves living?


You have any idea the answer to that question? I don't. Okay. Do you think it's there? No, I really don't. Okay Then inheriting that house is irrelevant. Okay. Because when you inherit it, you're gonna sell it. Yes. And that's also one thing I did talk to my wife about. I'm like the emotional aspect. Are we just gonna sell the house anyway? If that's the case, then we can just look for a house. You can look for a house anyway because you're not gonna stay there. Now are you gonna stay there until she passes to take care of her? Most likely. That would be the plan. I know she said that she wants to, she wants to.


She's gonna be retiring soon. But also when she gets to a point to where like she can't take care of herself, she's saving a lot of money just to like do the nursing home route. So, We're talking about grandmother. Yes. Yes, grandmother. Grandmother is still working. What? How old is grandmother? She retires next year. She's 64 I wanna say. Oh good lord. Yes. That's the biggest thing. I'm like, I, Hey, I'm 63 30 for next year. If you're waiting on me to die, it's gonna be 30 years. Okay. 100%. You don't need to be taking care of me. I'm 63. You guys need to go live your life. A 64-year-old does not need to be cared for unless they've got an illness.


Yes. Understandable. You Don't need to hang around. Wait on her to get old. Woo. No, I think y'all, y'all need to really start thinking about where, How are you married David? Huh? How long have you guys been married? We actually been married a year. Okay. Ah, okay. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. You went there to help take care of grandpa when he was sick. That was sweet. It's time to move back to where you're gonna have your life. How far away are you guys from them? We were living about 45 minutes away and I'm actually still commuting up there to work. Yeah, you need to move up there and start talking about saving up money, get out of debt, build your emergency fund, buy a house there, brother that that's, and Then in 20 years in her eighties, if she needs help, y'all can make that decision.


But that's something that's a long, that's a long time. Yeah. Hello. It's a long time. Hello. Yeah, it took, took me a second when I realized grandmother was still working. Okay. I always think of grandmother as old and yet I'm married to one. What do I know? Okay. All right, here we go. Lori, grandfather Lori is with us in Atlanta. Georgia. Hey Lori. What's up? Hey, thanks for taking my call Dave. I appreciate it. Sure. How Can I help? So My situation is I have a a, I'm trying to get my car payment lowered and currently I owe 23,000 on it and I'm not really getting a lot of breaks in terms of lowering it and I'm just wondering if I should be paying in addition to the, the car payment, you know, a little bit more or Should I be thinking about trading in this car and getting an older one for less money.


What do you make? About 40. And you owe 23? Yes. How much money have you got in the bank Right now? About 10. Okay. What's the car worth? You know, I'm not really certain what, what it's worth. I honestly am not, I'm not sure about that. Okay. You are trying to fix this without feeling any pain. Yeah, exactly. And it's painful because you bought a car that's too expensive.


What we have found is mathematically cars are the largest things that we all buy that go down in value and you don't want to own vehicles with motors and wheels totaled all up to equal more than half your annual income. You broke that rule. Okay. So you need to move down in car and you should, you should be in a car around 10 or $15,000 and it should have no payments. Okay. Okay. So what that may mean is that we sell this car, write a check 'cause you're probably upside down. Was that your guess too? Yeah. Okay. And then maybe you buy a $5,000 car and start saving for another 5,000 on top of that to get a 10,000 and then start saving and put another 5,000 on top of that and get a 15,000.


It may be a three year or a two year process to move back up from a $5,000 zero payments all the time. Car up to a 15 and get rid of this thing. Okay. It's bringing you more pain than it is joy. Yes. It's Okay. No kidding. Yeah. And and I can tell that in the math. I mean, it's if you, even if you hadn't realized that it is bringing you more pain than it is joy, so Yeah. It's, it's very easy to hold onto something like that. And the weird thing Rachel too is cars, we all tend to think they're more permanent than they are. Like, we're like a, like a, a car's a big deal. You just sell a car. Yep. Houses are now you start selling a house.


That's a big deal. That's hard. Right, right. That's uproot everything. The car, I mean you just gotta clean out the glove box, take the license plate off. It's really, there's not a lot to sell in a car. I mean you can get, it is just a stupid car. There's another one right there, another one right there, another one right there. They're everywhere. So you, you can, and so, but I have that tendency too I feel like if I'm in a car, get emotionally attached or something, I'm Well, and I, no, I just feel like it's like, it's like a rule. I have to keep it if I bought it or something, I don't know. I did that with a truck a while back. You probably forget that truck. But I bought this truck and it was, it was a big old, it was a nice truck, but it rode, it was horrible. I've been driving a raptor and it has a better ride. And I drove that thing for about four months and I thought, why am I driving this car?


I hate this car. and I don't hate cars. I love cars, so this is dumb. So I just sold a stupid truck and I thought, wow, that was kind of freeing idea. I don't, I'm not, I'm not stuck with it, you know, I can just get rid of it. It's just a car, you know? It's just a car. Get me another raptor. Life goes on, you know, it's like just a car. So, yeah, that, that's, that's the way I, I, it's trying to train myself and everybody else to hold these things with a little bit more of an open hand. Becky, or I think it's Becky, is with us in Los Angeles. I didn't go to the same school. You went to Christian. Hi Becky, how are you? I'm good, thanks. how are you, Dave? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I'm on baby step seven.


Thank you for changing my life. Is it, is it Becky or is it Bessy? B-E-C-K-Y. Becky. Okay. All right. I thought he spelled it wrong. Okay. How can I help? I'm sorry. That's Okay. I wasn't positive. All of a sudden they're back in the booth talking like I'm an idiot, so I couldn't figure out what was going on. Okay. Alright. So How, can we help you, Becky? All right, Well, I'm, so, I'm on baby step seven. I own my home. I have 2 4 0 1 Ks who are just worth just under a million dollars. Total way to go. I'm 59. I'll be actually, thanks. I'll be 59 next week. So I'm, you know, getting closer to retirement age. I make about 200,000 a year and I'm not eligible for a Roth ira.


So right now I'm just putting the maximum amount I can put in every year into my 401k. Does Your 401k have a Roth option? No. Well, it does, but I don't think I'm eligible income. Oh, you're eligible. 4 0 1 Ks don't have an limit on 'em. So a 401k Roth is okay. Yeah. From this point forward, I wouldn't change everything. You got the million you got in there over, but I, from this point forward, your contributions ought to be in a Roth and get with a Smart Vest pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com. You can do a backdoor Roth, even if your income exceeds the limits. I do backdoor Roths every year, and my income far exceeds the limits. So you can do all that and keep maxing stuff out. You're making a lot of money. You got a lot of money. You're a millionaire starting from nothing.


You're amazing Way to go. Our scripture today, Philippians three 17 joined together in following my example, brothers and sisters. And just as you have us as a model, keep your eyes on those who live as we do. That would be Paul speaking, not Dave And Rachel. Dolly Parton said, if your actions create a legacy that inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more, you are an excellent leader. Love Dolly. Well, miss Dolly, you are an excellent leader. Dream more, learn more, and do more and become more. Yeah. She Is one of the most compassionate, kind, Generous, inspiring.


Have you ever met her lives in our neighborhood? No, I have not. And it's, she would be one of the, that's a bucket. Two or three people on the planet on my bucket list that I've not met. You know? Okay. I'm not a big person. I'm not a big star chaser. I don't really, not really impressed much with those folk. I mean, I like, like 'em, I know a lot of them, but it's not a big deal. You like The show biz? A little bit. Yeah, A little bit, but very little. But I mean, but she's, she's so iconic. She's amazing. Oh man. Dolly's the best. All right. Todd is in, it's Paul in Indianapolis. Hey Todd, how are you? Good. how are you, Dave? Better than I deserve. How can I help? Sure. Well thanks for taking my call. Hey, I just had a question and wanted to see about your philosophy from a 15 year mortgage perspective versus maybe going a 30 year mortgage, but possibly paying it off like a 15 year mortgage type deal, whether it be making biweekly payments and then making an extra monthly, or making an extra mortgage payment each quarter.


Yeah, there's a couple of numbers that bother me when I think about that concept. Okay, sure. The, the Federal Reserve has done a study that says when it comes to mortgages, 97.3% of the mortgages are not systematically repaid or prepaid. Okay. Okay. Not systematically prepaid, which means if I take out a 30 and I promise to pay it like a 15, I'm claiming to be in the top 2.7% of the people out there. As far as my discipline goes, I don't wanna make that claim about me because I know me better than that.


The second thing is, I have read and discovered, there's a guy named David Bach years ago, came on the scene after I did that, wrote a book called Automatic Millionaire. And he makes the, a very valid point in that book to do as many things in your life as you can that, that you put on autopilot that are automatic discipline. For instance, you know, you automatically have money withdrawn going into your 401k. You automatically have money coming out of your checking account to pay your insurance. So you don't have to think about it. It's paid on time. Okay? You don't pay late fees on your utilities because of auto withdrawal. All those, anything I can do that's automatic, that helps my discipline be automatic, I don't have to think about it.


I don't slip up. It's not an accident. It's just there. It's done. And, and if I have a 15 year mortgage, we do know 100% of the time it's going to be paid off in 15 years or less. That's the second data point. The third one is that we find, as we studied 10,167 millionaires in the largest study of millionaires ever done that the typical millionaire Todd that we run into that has one to $5 million in net worth. They're not a multi, multi multi, they're not got 30 million or 50 million, but they're, they got that first million, second million, third million typically in that one to 3 million. And particularly, there's two major things that show up almost every time.


One is 800 to 1,000,002 or something like that in their 401k again, automatically done. Or their Roth IRA automatically done. The second thing we find is they have a home that is paid for that's six or seven or $800,000. Those two things combined to give them a net worth of one to 3 million typically, tho tho, those two things show up all the time as a paid for home. And then when we interviewed them, we found two types of millionaires that we were interviewing outta these 10,000 ones that were doing Ramsey stuff and familiar with us, and ones that had never heard of us. Okay. And it was about 50 50. We tried to find a group, a large group that had never heard of us.


'cause we didn't want the research to be biased. Okay? And so the group that does not follow us, typically paid off of millionaires in America, typically paid off their home in 11.7 years. The group that did follow us pays off their home in 10.2 years. The difference doesn't matter, it wasn't enough that we went Oh, Ramsey's way cooler. We're not, we're just right there together. We were a little bit better, the Ramsey tribe, but not a lot better. The bottom line was though, what we could say conclusively is that millionaires pay off their homes in 12 years or less on average. Okay. So all of those reasons say don't do it.


Do a 15 year and a 15 year fixed rate where the payment's less than a fourth of your take home pay. Yeah, that's right. and I think what's hard too, Todd is in today's market, right? I'm like, Oh, it stretches You. Yeah. The price of houses and all of it. and I feel like this is the one place that some people are like, oh, we'll just do a 30 and, and Promise myself I'll pay, Pay it like a 15. Yes. And then you Don't, and then Things end up happening. And if you're not on a plan and you're not intentional with it, you know that it's not gonna happen. So the systematic approach that you just get in easily fall into it and, and, and it's great. So Yeah, you have all these things come at you. It's hard while you're trying to do this promise to pay yourself a 30, like a 15 pro dresses and transmissions.


Would You say though, out of that 10.2 years and 11.7 years, that some of them had 30 year, but because they were on a plan to pay it off early, they just weren't, We don't, we didn't ask. Yeah, we did not Get that. Like, I'd be curious if that's a, We didn't get that piece of information. If there's a psychological, we Just know that they did It. You're right. Right. That we know what the average was, was they got, they did it early. And so in my case, what that means is though, that you need to take out a 15 and do it even faster. Do 10. If you Can't do it on the 15, you can't do the millionaire plan. You'll get a better interest rate too with the 15. That's True. Like, as much as a half a percent right now. It's pretty crazy. It's a lot. It's a big deal. Amber's in Sacramento. Hi Amber. how are you Doing? Good. how are you?


Better than I deserve. What's up? Well, not doing great actually, to be honest. My, huh. My husband's been working in the mental health field for the last eight years, the last three of which he's been fully remote, which hasn't been a great transition for him. He really hates his job, to put it simply. He took the career assessment in last August and decided that he really wanted to be in law enforcement. He's been, he applied and has been working out and doing all of the, the testing and he's been successful, even got his conditional offer letter and everything. But he was supposed to start in a week.


And we just heard today that he didn't pass his psych evaluation, so he will not be joining. And on top of all of that, I'm three weeks postpartum, so our whole world just got turned upside down. Mm. This is something we've been looking forward to for so long. I, I just don't know what to do next. I'm so sorry, Amber. He Already been two weeks and at work because he thought, he thought he was in What came, what came back on the psych evaluation. Do you know like the details of that? 'cause it, that's interesting that she's, he Didn't, a mental health professional didn't pass the psych eval. That's right.


Yeah. He passed the written test for psych, but not the the person to person. What was the, what was, did they tell you what the objection was? They did not. Okay. Is there an appeals process? There is. Oh, Do it. Yeah. And are there other forces around you Guys? Maybe the guy doing the, the in-person eval had too much Red Bull. That's what, yeah. He said they were, let's just say an expletive. Yeah, he was. Yeah, I would do it. Yeah. I would do an appeal. We just Do, do do an appeal. Yeah. And by the way, that particular law enforcement individual group is not the only place to do law enforcement.


There's like one in every city, hello Or two in every City. You can't apply for another year to any Other. You can apply, you can apply in a different locale. No, no other agency is what he's told me. That's not true. Can from applying anywhere else. That's not true. He could apply at 15 tomorrow and they're all hiring because people are leaving law enforcement because of the way law enforcement is treated. So yeah, it's a great time to go into law enforcement. I, I'm assuming he's okay if he's okay mentally. I don't want him doing it if he's not, if he's not okay mentally. But I, I would go through the appeals process and I would go somewhere else. Yeah. This is not the only girl on the planet.


There are other pretty girls. Bad metaphor since you just had a baby, but, okay. But yeah, there's lots of, lots of fish in the sea as they say. Right. Congrats too. Amber on the baby. Yeah, sorry. That puts this hour of the show in the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace, and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace, Christ Jesus, Dr.


John Delony here. Mental and emotional health challenges, broken relationships, it's all just part of life, but they don't have to define you. The Dr, John, Delony Show is here to help. It's a call driven podcast where you can get practical advice on dealing with anxiety, loneliness, depression, relationship challenges, your kids and so much more. Listen to questions from our callers, or if you're walking through a tough situation and need some help, give me a call. You are never meant to do life alone. And that's what this podcast is all about. Follow along on Apple, Spotify, YouTube, or The Ramsey, Network app. Remember your worth being well.