
From The. Ramsey. Network. It's The Ramsey Show. I'm your host, Jade Warshaw. Next to me is George Campbell. We've got a rowdy studio audience over there behind the glass. If you don't know, you can actually come here to Ramsey Solutions, watch the show live. A lot of people choose to do that, and we're happy that they do. If you're not here live, you can call in. The number is triple eight eight two five five two two five two two five and we'll get you on the line. We've got the incredible Christian over there screening the calls, making sure you're not a psycho, but we don't think that you are. So let's go straight to the phone lines. We've got Lily, who's in New York. New York. What's up Lily? Hi Thanks for taking my call. I'm calling because I wanna know your guys' opinions on me taking a second consolidation loan out for my boyfriend's credit card debt.


Ooh, it's not even for you. That was like three bad decisions wrapped up in one. How did we get here? So I've been with my boyfriend for about two years and when we met, when we met, he was making with good income. I always make good income. He, I guess, didn't really understand credit cards. I'm a credit card person and I know you guys hate that term, but I, I really am. I've never been in debt. I'm the one person that's able to like reap the benefits, not pay the interest. Okay. But I, my boyfriend has taught me now why people are not credit card people. Okay. He didn't really understand, I guess, interest. And the first time around was about a year ago.


I was hoping to move in with him, take the next step, but we wouldn't do that. He was about 20,000 in credit card debt. Okay. And so I had an offer, 0% interest, 15 months up to 20 grand. I said, I don't need it, I'll take it. And I gave it to him. It was about 15. I took some for myself. And Wait, You gave him the, he paid most of the offer. Hold on, hold on. Lemme make sure I understand this. You took out the credit card in your name, but gave it to him to use? No. So it was a, it was a credit card loan. He had his own credit card, but Okay. I took out a consolidation loan for him because I, I was given an offer like to me to just take out X amount of money I need for, But it's in your name?


Yes. And it's mostly paid off actually. Okay. So help me explain where we're at now. 'cause my thought is like if you took out one and it didn't work, why are we taking out another one and why isn't he doing this and That? Did he pay this off or almost pay it off, or is this you, The, the loan, he, he almost paid it off. It's about like 90% paid off. The reason why we're here again is because he continued to use credit cards and, and I, I, maybe that can be my Voice because we didn't change any of the habits. You bailed him out like a government bailout and then he went more. Please Listen, this is a red flag. It bothers me. Yeah. There's a couple things that bother me about this.


A that you're on the line and he's not. That's the, the the raging thing right in front of Us. The rent is all on you And then you're the one taking out Yeah. To George's point, you're the one taking out the loans even though he's paying it, the loan is in your name and you're saying, Hey, you can do it like this. Yeah. It feels like you are kind of in charge and you're trying to mold him into who you want him to be financially. And he's like, ah, all right. You want me to do this? Okay, I'll do that a little bit. and I does. Do you see that? Yeah. I, I definitely do. And, and, and that's something I, I, you know, planned wood, I think that's probably what happened the first time. At this point, you know, he's 30,000 in immediate debt, if not more.


Oh. So we're we went from 20, paid it almost off and now we're at 30. Yes. Okay. And what's he spending it on? Does he not have a job? What's going on? No. So he takes home about, yeah, he makes 80 before taxes. So his take home pays about 43 a month. Okay. and I, he did the math. We did the numbers. We just moved in together and I didn't know if he was back in debt until we, after we moved in together. So I would've not have done that. But What type of work does he do and what type of work do you do? 'cause you guys are living in New York City. I wanna see, I Yeah, if you're living in New York City, you, it better be like suits. Like you gotta have a reason to be there.


Right. Right. So we were both born here and raised. He is a, a junior project manager Okay. In the city. Okay. And he, he makes pretty good. And then I am, I do have a couple of jobs. I'm a teacher's assistant and then I'm a bartender and I have a lot of side jobs. I take home about 4,500 a month. Okay. After taxes and everything. And like I said, his take home after tax is about 43 a month. Okay. So here's, here's the, the short end of the conversation and then we can go back and trace back how we got there. You guys are living together. That's your choice. You're living in New York City, which feels too big for your britches for the jobs that you're doing, but that's also your choice going forward.


What I would not do in your shoes or in his shoes is I would not combine my money with this person that's a one. and I would not put my neck on the line to get them out of debt because there's not a true, true commitment there. And there's certainly no legality there to protect either of you. And so I would keep this, I would not, if, if you're gonna choose to live together, that's your choice. I might say something different and I would say something different. I'd ask, well, why don't you just get married? But if you're not gonna get married, at the very least, keep your money separate because he's getting himself into this mess and he has a habit of spending more than he makes. He spends all that he gets and then some. And he's not really interested in doing anything about it.


George, she seems like to be the only person who's interested in getting him out of that, which again, is a red flag. Yeah. You care more about it than he does. And at this point it's enabling. Would you agree? Yeah. I mean, I would agree. Which is why I came to my breaking point recently and put Well, it sounds like you've made an ultimatum like, hey, I'm, we're not gonna move this relationship forward unless you get out of debt. Yes. But then you moved in with him, right? So you took back your words. It Was after I found out after. Yeah. Got it. Okay. So it was, there's another part of this, which is like, I found out. So it was kind of a secret that he was going back into debt. Am I hearing that right? Breaks the trust in the relationship.


Yeah. He wasn't taking it seriously. Yeah, no, it was, that was bad. I agree. And he acknowledges like that was not okay. Yeah. Do you have any debt Sort of a pushing it on? No, I don't. I have maybe 10,000 student loans, but that's not accruing interest and I just Didn't. Okay. So it's a trick question number one, you do because you took out the credit card loan in your name, plus you still have the student loans. So you've got your own financial goals and we're trying to babysit this guy. Ooh. Into doing the right things financially. so I feel like we gotta get our ducks in a row. And you go, dude, you live your life. We're not gonna combine finances. Yeah. You wanna take this seriously? Let me know. At this point, this relationship is at a standstill.


Yeah. Lily, we have a studio audience here and they're listening and I kind of want to know, 'cause based on what you're telling me, if you were my best girlfriend, I'd be like, man, it might be time to kick this guy to the curb. and I wanna know what they think by a show of thumbs up or thumbs down. They Did the gladiator thumbs up there. There's a lot of thumbs up over here, Lily, because we are seeing a woman who's trying to move forward. We're seeing a woman who understands what she needs to do in life. And it's almost like you're being more of a mom to him than a a lady friend. You know what I'm saying? Like, you're taking care of him. You're helping him to do, and don't get me wrong, there is a, there is part of relationship where you are helping each other and you're, you're teaching each other, but this feels a little bit more, You're going in opposite directions.


And so that's what worries me. Yeah. so I would, I would have a real hard conversation and I would always, I would also go, I'm never letting anyone loan, I'm never loaning money to anyone ever again. No, No. At the very least, I would not be living with this guy at the very least. Because that, for you, that's your leverage to say, Hey, I, I have goals and there's some things I wanna do. And I'd love for us to be on the same track and going in the same direction with our money. I'd love one day for us to be able to combine our lives and get married. But you're not doing your side of it. and I can't move in with you right now. Yeah. You're one step away from paying this guy's bills because he goes, oh man, can you front my rent? I'll Venmo you next month. I promise. Yeah, yeah. Don't like that. Yeah. Don't, don't give away your leverage.


Yeah, I want to. What's that? That, that they say, George, what? No one's gonna buy the cow if they can get the milk. Oh, for Free. Oh yeah. There it's, I know I just turned into my grandmother. This is The Ramsey Show Are you Working the baby steps?


One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan. If. you have one. And replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xandr.com.


You're listening to The Ramsey. Show next to me is George Kamel. I'm Jade Warshaw. We're the ones taking your calls today. So if you call in, this is who you get. The number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. George, you ready to get into it? I hope so. Let's Do it. We got Lee from Newark, New Jersey. What's going on Lee? Yeah. Hi. I listen to you guys all the time. I really love your show and I wanted to call because my husband and I have a some credit card debt. Okay. And we're debating about whether we want to transfer the balances of that, those credit cards to different credit cards for 0% interest while we pay it down.


How much is the credit card debt moving More? We have one card that has about nine 20,000 on it and the other one has 12,000. Okay. And what's the current interest rate? Probably between both of them. Somewhere between 27 and 29. Aye, Y added pain and regret. That's what a PR stands for. George, what do you think? Yeah, So here's the deal. These are not inherently evil, these 0% balance transfers, but you gotta know what you're getting into and you gotta know that it's not actually doing as much as you think. Most people do these transfers and think they've actually done something to get out of debt. But if you're already crazy gazelle intense, you've sold so much stuff, you're working extra and you do this as one little move, but while keeping intensity, then it can be okay.


But you're gonna pay, you know, anywhere from three to 5% to make this transfer happen. Right. So it's not free. It's gonna cost you something and it does not actually speed up your debt payoff if you're not already intense. so what, what makes you think you're gonna pay off this 32 grand before the 0% is over? Or is this gonna be a 0% card or what? Yeah, both. I would like to have both of them be a 0% card for anywhere from 18 to 21 months. We already are paying probably close. I've already paid off my car. We're getting ready to pay off another smaller debt next week.


My husband got a pretty good pay raise. Okay, good. So we're hoping that we can pay about a thousand a week. Wow. Good. To these credit cards. But getting them down to 0% while we're doing that, we have two kids, we're still trying to maintain life, things like that. But we are getting very serious about paying off debt 'cause we'd like to start saving more for our kids' college and for retirement. And so What's your total debt and what is your household income? So the credit cards are about 32,000. Our furniture is about 3,800.


We do have a smaller annuity that my husband pays quarterly that's about 6,500. And our mortgage is about 5 34. Okay. So let's ignore the mortgage for now. I do have a, that'll be a baby step six item later on. So you're looking at about, we'll call it 40 grand in debt. Right? so I do have an $18,000 student loan, but it's eligible for forgiveness as soon as you know that goes through When What do you mean? As it goes through. So yeah, I I like You've already, you've paid the right amount of payments. Is this the P-S-L-S-I? Yeah. I, I'm on public. Yes. It's public service loan forgiveness.


I've already had a $200,000 loan forgiven. Good. Okay. And This is, this is the remaining 18,000, which was a separate direct loan. And that is, I've, I've been actively calling to see when it's gonna be forgiven. Unfortunately, I haven't been given a time that's the one that's gonna happen. But, But you've done your side? Yes. Okay. Yes. I have enough payments to be forgiven. Okay. And what's your household income? My gross income, my personal growth income before taxes, I worked two jobs is about 190,000. Wow.


And my husband with his, with his thank you. With his new job venture, it's a little bit on the wax and wa side. It's when he gets work, he gets paid. Well when he doesn't we kind of have to like pinch our pennies. What's a good, what's a good month and what's a bad month? A good month is 5,000 a week. Okay. Before taxes. Okay. And a bad week is 2000 a bad, a bad month is probably somewhere around 8,000 Before taxes. Okay. So, okay, well that's not bad. He feas but making Over 200,000. But you guys are making hundreds of thousands of dollars. So this debt should be paid off in a few months. Yeah. The The, the consolidation at that point is truly negligible.


'cause this would be gone un in under a year. What, what's keeping that from happening? Because to, to be making over 200,000, well over 200,000 and having $40,000 of debt. Help me understand. 'cause I'm thinking, okay, why aren't you just living, I mean I know New Jersey is an expensive area, but is there something I'm missing here? I I'm just trying to get, I'm really at a point, I'm, I'm 39 years old. My husband's 41. We haven't done the best in saving throughout the years. Unfortunately. I've been with my husband for 17 years, you know, so I mean. Well that doesn't really answer my question 'cause you almost No, no, no.


I 300,000. I know, But do you see our point here? The balance transfer doesn't change any habits. And that's what worries me here. A couple making $300,000 shouldn't be needing to go to debt for furniture. They shouldn't be needing to swipe the credit card. And so that's what I'm trying to figure out is what got us here and how are we stopping that part before we ever agree to this balance transfer. Now I have a feeling it's a budget thing. Can you tell us about that? It is. Okay. It is, our budget is not exactly the where I would like it to be. And we're starting to get a little stricter with how we spend our money. Are you using EveryDollar? I have not yet. Okay. We're gonna, that's the key. We're gonna give you EveryDollar. 'cause something tells me you guys are kind of a set it and forget it.


I made a budget three months ago, kind of, you Know, it's in my head. We looked at our bank account. Yeah. We should spend this much and that's where EveryDollar is gonna really help. Is or, or George and I. Right. A Budget issue for us. Yes. Okay. I, I agree. So We'll give you c before we get off the line. Christian will pick up, we'll give you EveryDollar and it's a budget that you make every single month. And the good thing about EveryDollar is it kind of has this kind of copy paste feature where at the end of the month you copy it and then for the next month you just go through it and make whatever tweaks and changes you need for that month. But what George and I want for you to do is understand that every month is different. You have different goals, you know, different things pop up. And so the budget needs to change to reflect that. And here's the thing.


You make thir $300,000 a year a little bit more. You don't have a ton of debt and ratio to that. But I think you're kind of in this, what we would call messy middle, where your income is good. And so your debt, it's not like, you know, it's not, nothing's on fire. It's nothing's on fire. Right. It's not the serial killer at the door. It's just like, all right, this is moderately uncomfortable and so I think they're Just a creeper out the window, but he's down the street. Yeah. That's kind of how it's, it's Like yeah, your debt's a peeping Tom. It's, it's Not the analogy Jade wanted to make, but I'm, I forced her to do it. Okay. But do you see what we're saying here? Yes, absolutely. Okay. I want you to act like it's on fire because that's the only way you're gonna get out of this thing in three months.


'cause I think you guys are incredible. You work really hard and you make too much to be this broke. Would you agree? We Live on two 50. I agree. I agree. I am actively working to try to revamp our spending and our, and our budget. Is he on board with, That's expensive. So we're working on that. But Is he like an anchor that's gonna drag this down or is he on board and he's going, I'm willing to do whatever it takes. No, he, he is, he's resolved to letting me kind of like handle the financial part of this and whatever it is I need him to do, he's willing to do. Okay. But he needs to be a part of this budget making. 'cause unless he sees it and he goes, Oh my gosh Lee, this is insane. We make so much money. Where is it going? He's not gonna be willing to make the right sacrifices.


And if it just becomes a Well you do this, I do this. It's just gonna become another to-do list for him. and I want him to really feel this. Yeah, I agree. Okay. I Agree. So we need to give you EveryDollar. We probably also need to give you financial peace University for you and your husband to go through together so that you can be on the same page. And he can see that he's really an intricate part of this equation. Just as important as you are. And you might be the, don't get me wrong, usually there's one spouse that kind of takes a slight lead, right? George, you're probably the one who's gonna be kind of plugged in the numbers. There's pilot copilot. Yeah. Pilot and co-pilot. I like that. But They both have to be in the cockpit paying attention. That's Right. And you, You're not a passenger on the plane. That's right. Not a passenger. Oh, I agree. Very good analogies.


George. I feel like I had to redeem it after the peeping Tom one like I owed you that You took me there. But the point is, a lot of you listening are probably still in that messy middle you. Your income is good and the debt is just at that point where it's not ruining your life yet. And you're still able to go to Applebee's every Friday. You're still able to, you know, buy the new sneakers you want, but it's kind of that, that creeper in the corner and you see it's, and now's the time to deal with it. Don't wait till it gets worse. We can help you today. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds credit union's different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on Fairwinds dot org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans. Go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ RAMSEY.


Alright, you're listening to The. Ramsey. Show. We're here on The. Ramsey Network. It's myself and George Campbell today. Hey, that last call we just took was all about the budget. You know, it was a couple or family. They're making $300,000, George Making great money, but still Feeling the weight of living paycheck to paycheck. Seemingly not able to pay off $40,000 of debt. And when I look at that, I mean it's the budget every time. It's not being intentional. It's really not having a budget. You know, a lot of people think it's, I said it and forget it. We made it at the beginning of the year. Well, We have to define what a budget is. 'cause a lot of people think, well, Jade, I look at my credit card transactions, that's like doing a budget. No, they're way Off. No, I looked at my bank account, there was money left, I did a budget.


No, it's not something in your head, it's not your bank account, it's not a credit card statement, it's an actual budget like in budgeting app like EveryDollar. That's right. And so the way we teach George is we want people in there every single month. You're starting with your income, all of the income that comes into your household, and there's an area for you to put the income in. And then you go through and you're methodically thinking about every area throughout the month that you could spend money. And it's divided into categories. So, you know, it's like your, your lifestyle stuff, it's your utilities and home and your transportation and you can customize it. But essentially you're giving a assignment to every single dollar and you're knowing on purpose, this is what I'm spending on even the extra money you're giving an assignment to.


Right? And that could be paying off debt, that could be going towards savings, that could be just, you know, miscellaneous. It could be a cushion, it could be, you know, grandma's birthday, whatever you decide that's what every dollar's for. And so you're really making the most of your money. And the way you do that is by creating a budget. Guys, EveryDollar makes it so simple. They make it easy to plan spending. You can track expenses, you save for what matters most to you. And like George said, it's all in this easy app that is on your desktop computer or it fits in your pocket. So you could take it with you to the grocery store and your spouse, If, you have one, has the exact same budget on their phone with the same login. It makes it that easy. So if you don't have it, download it EveryDollar for free. You can do that in the app store or you can do it on Google Play or you can just click the link in the description if you're listening to this right now on YouTube or podcast.


But the, the, the crux of this is we have found that people who manage their money well and people who have success with their money, they do it because they're on a budget. So there's a direct correlation there. Get a budget. Alright, George, let's get back to the phone lines. We got Vincent, he's in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. My neck of the woods. What's going on? Vincent? Hello. Hello. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good Afternoon. thank you. What's the weather like? Oh, you know, we didn't really get any issues over here from the storm. Yeah. Praise to the Lord. I heard it's sunny, beautiful outside. I heard it's pretty sunny. Yeah. Good. You sunny, warm and beautiful. Love to hear. I just wanna say thank you for your guys taking the time to, to take my call.


And so I was actually watching George this morning on a video with Tom from like, impact something. Yeah, Tom biu Impact Theory. Had a fun interview with him on my YouTube channel. Thanks for watching. Yeah, it was really good. Yeah. So my situation is a little different than average American. I'm a 39-year-old, a hundred percent disabled veteran, single no children. And so I, I have four times the expenses in the emergency fund. I have, don't have any debt, great credit currently renting. And so I'm not sure if like I'm in, you know, or like how vital step number four is because, you know, I have guaranteed tax-free income in until I die. You know how much which adjusts for the inflation right now it's 37 point 37.


So $3,700 a month. Okay. And of course it, it adjustment inflation like, you know, like 10 years ago or, you know, like 13 years ago was like 2,700. So it's, it's one of like a grand in 13 years. Do you know what the rate is yearly? Is it 4%? Like what, how does it go? That's the federal government day. They make their decisions. Like supposedly it's gonna go up like two point a half percent so that that'll be like another a hundred dollars To just kind of follow the CPI inflation rates and all that. I, I guess I'm not really sure to be honest with you. Okay. I just know it, it, it does, it, it does make changes. And so I'm thinking like possibly I'm in step seven and so I'm like, I'm really seeking advice and counsel for 10 potential options and like paths to follow.


I'm considering buying a home and like if I, if I subtract my emergency fund, then that leaves me like, like 43,000 that I have in the bank. I don't have any investments. Everything is just savings. Okay. But my ultimate goal is to live in the Caribbean. So I'm still gonna, some islands I got my eye in some, but like, you know, I I'm not sure if like, maybe buy property here, start here, then go there, or just I'd start here and go there. I'd probably start here and go there. So you, you've never been a homeowner before and so I'd probably wanna learn that and get kind of your sea legs, for lack of a better term, under home ownership before you go abroad. But I love that. I think home pur purchase is a good thing for you. We say all the time here that you know your rent, it, it's, it's the biggest line item on most people's budget and it's variable as long as you're a renter.


And so being able to kind of stabilize that line item and have a mortgage and one day pay it off and your situation is huge. I do have a question and I mean you're welcome to say, no, I don't wanna talk about that or whatever. But if you're 100, you're 100% disabled. Do you feel that there's any work that you'd wanna do and could do? Oh, Oh, certainly. So, you know, each person is is different. It's kind of d like a different situation than the social security disability. Like with a, a veteran, it's, it could be a variety of spectrums, but yeah, like, you know, I am limited. I had situations that I'm dealing with. However, my, my ultimate goal is to continue doing something like I I I, you know, I'm with like with Dave, like I think you would agree.


Like I, I don't plan to stop working until like I die and then, you know Yeah. Mean Jesus, you know what, of course I'm saying, so I want be doing something gainful with my time. I think it's, you know, good for your mind and good for community. And so I'm not sure what that's gonna look like. I, I looked at maybe like teaching English or even like, I went and visited the island and they pitched me being a tour guide because I love that, you know, I can speak to English Yeah. To English tourist. So I'm kind of like putting the, excuse me to the fielders out there. I'm just really in the situation. Like I don't know what to do as far as like financially and just want to see like what options you guys might suggest to me. And just so I can kind of like, have stuff to consider. Yeah. I don't want you to take your foot off the gas. I would continue following the baby steps. And that means investing 15% of your income.


You need to look into what you can do with that income if you need, you know, different earned income from working outside of your disability payments in order to invest in a Roth IRA for example. But I would put you in this baby step four through six and you know, baby step seven is really, Hey, I've got a paid for house. I don't have payments in the world. I'm not trying to save up for a house. You've sort of already overcome that. So that would put you in this kind of long-term journey of investing. 15% probably saving up for a house as well. You're maybe going to end up paying off that home. And that's only gonna set you up for success later on down the road when you wanna buy something in the Caribbean and you're on a fixed income. Okay. And to George's point, I like continuing to work the baby steps. And when you are ready to buy a house, just remember your emergency fund isn't your down payment.


So right now you said you've got four months of expenses. So, you know, for all intents and purposes, that is your, your emergency fund. So if you're ready to, if, if you are wanting to buy a property, you need to save up a separate down payment. 'cause I don't want you depleting that in order to make your home purchase. Yeah. Good. Yeah. I I'm on the same page. I, I, you know, like Dave says, and you guys have said too, like, you know, stuff will happen, the hot water heater will go That's right. Air conditioning or, or something. So I'm definitely on board with that and that like, I I like that I've been listening and you know, I didn't hear before about like doing like, you've recommended not using the VA loan if you can do it because you know there's more fees and stuff and if you can put 20% down and do a 15 year mortgage, I'm like, wow, that's a really good idea.


That's Right. It's just a better loan product in general. Now there are someti, you know, you can waive the funding fee because you have the a hundred percent disability. It's not that it's a bad product, just what tends to happen is people who have no money, they put zero down and they can end up underwater on their home or they buy too much home because they have zero equity in this thing. So it's all mortgage. And so that's the part that's worrisome. But if you go to it and that's the right product for you, and you can talk to our friends at Churchill Mortgage and they'll walk you through, here's the ab of a 15 year versus the VA loan and what makes sense for you, but thank you for your service. Yeah. What a sacrifice. I can't imagine what would necessitate a hundred percent disability. So A lot of sacrifice. God bless our veterans. thank you so much. Yeah, George, you're right.


You know, and speaking of Churchill, I was talking with them the other day and you know, because of the Fed lowering interest rates, even though home interest rates aren't really being affected by that just yet, a lot of people are still looking at refinancing and is it time and is it this? And talking to the guys over at Churchill, they're like, the time is to make a plan. So it's always good to call up Churchill and start talking with someone and say, say, here's, here's where I'm at and here's what my goals are. And they can help you walk through that process and figure out, okay, what does it make sense for you to do if your, if your goal is to refinance, if your goal is to buy a house, it's like it's never too early to call 'em up, make a plan to get prepared because they're all about relationships.


They wanna build a relationship with you, they want to get to know you. They wanna get to know all the factors that are surrounding your home owning or home selling or whatever refinance Situation. Even if it's a year or three away. That's right. At least you know what to do in the Meantime. Exactly. And it gives you time to actually start working a plan towards that. So contact our friends at Churchill. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


All righty. You're listening to The Ramsey. Show. We're here on The Ramsey Network. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is bestselling author, George Kamel, author of the book, breaking Free from Broke. If you haven't gotten a copy, make sure you do because it's Liddy. All right, let's go to the phone lines. We've got Jacqueline in Austin, Texas. What's going on Jacqueline? Hey, thank y'all for taking my call. You bet. How can we help? We are on baby step number two and we're working to pay $105,000 in debt. Okay. And. we have 23,000 of that enrolled in a debt relief program. Okay. And there's been a settlement reached with one of the creditors, of course after they rightfully so threatened to Sue.


Yeah. And then the other one is still being negotiated. So my question is, with all the other debt that we have, is it wise to try to get out from underneath this program? I mean, what made you go into it to begin with? It's kind of odd to me that you had 102,000, but you kind of chose this subset to turn over to them. Can you tell me more about what caused you to do that? It was out of desperation in the time for, just because the interest rates were so high and I just wasn't, I was not very wise about the decision at all. Were they already late? A quick move? Like were you already behind on them?


Yes. Yes. Okay. Let me summarize what happened and you tell me if it's correct. So you reach out to the company and they tell you, Hey, stop making payments on all of your debt. Let it go to collections. Let them sue you. Instead you make those payments to us and then we'll help settle with the creditors for a lower amount. That's pretty much how it's happening. I didn't know about the suing part that Yeah, they tend to leave that part out in the pitch in the brochure. Hey, we're gonna implode your financial life tank, your credit, have people coming after you to sue you, but it's gonna be awesome handle And, we handle It. We're, And they don't actually help you learn how to manage your money. So they're just middlemen that are unnecessary.


And for those reasons, I would get out of this agreement because I think you are way more in control than you think. and I wouldn't let it to a middleman to implode your financial life to Help. What's it gonna take to get out of it? And what have you paid to them so far? I've quite a bit. They've already made a settlement and well, I'm about 2,500 in on those payments. I have about 1500 in a savings account with them because that's, you know, you make the payments, they put it in this account and then that's what they use to make payments back to the creditors. and I can take that out. I mean, they said I can get out at any time. I am just not aware of any hidden fees that they may have because Yeah, that's what we need to find out.


I didn't save any money at all. You'll need to ask at that, but I'm hoping you can get out without much penalty and fee. Move on and do this yourself. Using the debt snowball method with gazelle intensity using the baby steps. That's the way people actually get outta debt. And so that's your homework. Your homework is to go and figure out what's it gonna take to get outta this. You said you've paid 2,500 in which on $23,000 of debt isn't much. It sounds like you're still in the beginning process of, of this. Yes. You said they made a settlement. Did they tell you how much the settlement was for? Is it for the lump sum or just individual? An individual one in there. It's, it's for the lump sum, but it is, it saved me maybe, maybe $3,000.


That's nothing. Not very much. But then that with all their fees, I ended up not saving any money at All. Exactly. And that's what, but it makes you feel like, well this still saved me money and a hassle. But listen, you can negotiate this stuff yourself. If you've got debt and collections, you can call them. You can say, Hey, I wanna settle, I have two grand, will you settle on the sixth? Call it paid in full. And so if you do have debt and collections, you can do this yourself. The rest of the debts stay current and attack 'em with a vengeance using the debt snowball method. Okay. Yep. That's what we're, That's what we're working on. All right. And I just didn't wanna do any more of this With this company. Yeah, I wouldn't go down this road any further. U turn. Thanks for the call. Yeah, George, we never recommend debt relief programs. Debt consolidation, they're, they're charging you to do what you can do for yourself.


Well They market to you like Ramsey would. They're like, we're gonna give you financial freedom, And, we're gonna help you get outta debt. Except we know the solution is the person in the mirror. That's right. Not some middleman who's gonna take your payments while imploding your financial life. Yeah, that's what they do. Yeah. Don't make payments. Let it go to collections because then when it's in collections, now we have the ability to settle. Yeah. And trust me, I do not care about a credit score, but I don't want you to tank your credit score on purpose. That will hurt you financially to have a bad score. That's Right. Yeah. Different. We would never tell you to do that on purpose. Alright, let's go to Ray in Columbus, Ohio. What's going on Ray? Hi. Hey, what's up? So my question is, is how do I begin to pay down this debt that I have with the low income that I make?


Okay. So tell us what your debt is and tell us what your income is. Okay, so total debt is about $30,000 and monthly I bring home after taxes 1200. Oh, what are you doing for work? I work at a gym and I'm only part-time currently. Okay. And basically speaking to my boss, he tells me he doesn't have the hours to allow me to work full time. Okay. So why don't you go, go ahead George. No, I'm just wondering what, are you getting paid hourly? Yes. And what are you making hourly? 16. So could you not find a job that's full-time paying 16 or 17 or 18 or 20 or 25?


Unfortunately, jobs are not really hiring as you know. I've put in tons and tons of applications for lots of places. And this one Like Right, right. We're heading into the biggest shopping season of the year. I know you're telling me no retailers are hiring. Yeah. I mean You checked them all. Wait a minute, you checked them all. Every single one You went to every retailer in in your city? No, Not all. Not all. Well You're telling me there's no jobs, you just said there's no jobs currently Looking. You're looking okay. We're Currently looking for another job. We're pushing on you, Ray. But right now, as far as the applications I put in, I'm not doing, I just think Ray's worth more than 1200 bucks a month. Would you agree? I agree. Yes. What is this, what is the most you have made?


Tell us when you were doing, if you had a moment where you're like, yeah, I was doing well. My Previous job. Yeah, my previous job actually, I ended up getting laid off because they just were having major budget, budget cut issues and I was making about 50 k that when I was Working. Okay. so what, What is your skillset here? I'm sorry, What? What's the skillset? What's your background? It, It was manufacturing. It was at a, a factory. Do You, do you have education in that field or did you just kind of fall into it? No, I just fell into the job and started working there. Okay. Is it just you or do you have a family? Is there a spouse? Anything like that? I do, I do have a son.


Okay. And then I, my boyfriend and I do live together. Okay. So You and what does childcare look like? Childcare, I do get like assistance for that, but I do pay a little bit monthly for That. How much do you pay monthly? Can I ask? Only 108. Okay, so you've got that. We wanted to know that because we want to know are you freed up to be able to work full timely? And it sounds like you are. Yeah. Okay. At this point you gotta just get like pound that pavement. That's the only, the only solution to this is income. I wish that there was a magic button, but there's just not. And your situation, income is your only thing that's gonna break you free.


Luckily 30,000, you know, you can tackle that, but you gotta be making it. Let's get back to the 50,000. Let's let that be kind of a goal point for us. But the reason that George and I were, were really pressing you on the income is 'cause we know like, like you can go to Walmart, you can go to Wendy's, you can like, there's places that are paying 18 an hour and it's not there. There there're places that aren't hard to break through. And so I think at this point you've got to raise your, really raise what you're calling a lot. I've applied to a lot of places. If in your mind a lot was eight, well now a lot is gonna be 30. Right. And you're gonna talk to people that you know and say, Hey, I'm looking for a job. Are they hiring anybody where you're working?


Do you know of anywhere that's hiring? So before you get off the line, we're gonna give you Ken's book proximity principle because we want you to be having the tools to really get out there. We're gonna give you the find the work you're wired to do, get clear career assessment so you can figure out what you want to do going forward. Because I think you're at a crossroads. Yeah. Yeah. And I think you're really, how old are you? Yes, I do. I do. 23. Yeah. Have you decided I'm not gonna borrow any more money? Because it sounds like right now you're going into debt just to exist. Just to survive. Well, so the debt is, it's like 17,000 from a car accident. Two of them are credit cards, but they're within 200, you know, each.


So one is 500 and then one is 800. And then more debt. It was like 8,500. It was from a car that I had repossessed after I lost my job. Yeah. And then 3,200 in student loans that I had from the Past. Exactly. so I think lesson learned is no more debt, no more. It works out as long as life's working out and then life hits you and you go, oh boy, This isn't fun. Yeah. And the problem is being in this situation has the ability to really impede the decisions that you make. and I don't want that for you. So keep keep hitting the pavement. You will find a job. It's just a matter of time. We believe in you, we believe you've got it. Stay in touch with us and see if there's anything we can do to help. This is The Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over $7,000 of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips.


It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today From The Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show. I'm your host, Jade Warshaw, your other host. For the days next to me, George Kamel will be taking calls about your life and your money. You can get your call up on the line by calling 8 8 8 8 two five five two two five. We'll screen you and try to get you in. But yeah, as long as you're calling to talk about your life and your money, you could even throw in a career question caveat, you know, we'll, we'll help you out with that.


Ken's usually the career guy, but you know, he talks to us during our lunch break and so we have some information we Can share. Yeah, we've absorbed a lot of wisdom from our Friend Ken. That's right. His desk is right next to mine. Alright, let's go straight to the phone lines where we've got Emma and Colorado Springs, Colorado. What's going on Emma? Hi Emma. I'm sorry. That's alright. Thank you so much for taking my call. So my question has to do with my dad wanting my husband and I to take a $60,000 loan. That's a parent plus loan he took when I went to college. Okay. And at, at the time, I, I never made a plan with him to pay it back.


He never said, you know, at this date you're gonna become responsible for this or anything like that. I've been married three years now And. we have wanted to help my dad 'cause obviously it was a, helped me a lot. But I'm really, really regretting that now. and I think like he never said anything when we got married or anything like that. and I think he's just, he's had a lot of conflicts with my husband and the way I see it, it's like he's just frustrated with us. And now Oh, So you think this is for spite? I do, yes.


How much can you tell us about the, the context of this resentment? Was it because of financial Choices? No. So, or is He using this as leverage? I believe he's using it as leverage. I I think if, if I were to say like, oh yeah, sorry, my husband is this, this and this. Just like you say, then maybe he would be like, okay. Just because for the past 12 years he's been paying on this loan and has not done anything. Ever mentioned it. So what does he not like about your husband? Where's the beef? Oh, my, so I think in retrospect. So in the past I was really close with my dad and now I'm just processing all of these things that happened.


I wonder if he would, has been maybe kind of enmeshed with me. Like in high school, he would tell me a lot of details about his own financial situation that I don't even know if he told my mom about when he got the loan, when he got the Parent Plus loan. He told me to not tell my older siblings about it. Okay. And I'm the youngest of, I'm the youngest of six kids. so What does this have to do with your husband? Yeah. You, you mentioned Oh yeah. You made it seem like it was kind of a Yes. Yeah. So he thinks that, that he's been a very bad influence on me and I think that has to do with, What does that mean?


How old are you, Emma? Oh. my gosh. Did you get your ears Pierce? What did you do? Did you get a tattoo? What happened? It's, it's been so ridiculous. You guys like, So you're still daddy's little girl and he's like, I don't like what this guy's done to my daughter and I don't agree with it. I don't like he votes wrong. It's everything. And I, I think, I think he's never let me go. I think he doesn't like that. I've, I've become a bit more assertive, which I feel like my husband has helped me really grow. I mean, you're Married girl, you, you, you let me, I'm not married. You're married. Have you had a Conversation with your dad yet to say, dad, I love you. I'll always be your little girl, but I'm also a grown woman and I'm married to this guy and we're doing our own thing and it feels like you're using this and dangling it over our head to go, all right, you little grownups, here's your $60,000 loan back.


Is that a good summary? so I feel like that's a very good summary, unfortunately. And you're the youngest of six, did you say that? Yeah. Okay. Papa is struggling. I That's what it sounds like. It sounds like he is trying to hold onto a last little thread of what life was. At least that's the way it sounds. Yeah. Is he doing okay financially? Because it sounds like he doesn't have the ability to even pay back this loan otherwise he would've done it. No. And so that's why it's so complicated. I I have wanted to help with the loan, never take it on myself, but I've wanted to help because honestly he's made some poor decisions. He's a teacher.


He, I, so he told me like recently that when my sister and I were in school, he deferred some of his own debt to keep us in private school and to pay for music lessons and stuff like that. so I feel like he has, in his mind, he's done the very best he can, which I'm sure he did in many ways. But I think you're reading too much into it. It, I gotta cut you. I think, I think you have to look at this pragmatically and look at it for what it is. Otherwise you're gonna keep circling a drain. 'cause the truth is yes, our parents do sacrifice for us and they, they're supposed to and they do, you know, cut things off for them so they can do it for you like that. Right. They're supposed to do that. And when they do it, we're grateful.


and don don't think any, you don't have to replay that to prove that you're grateful to him. 'cause we know that you are. But if we look at this like, let's just pretend that George and I are kind of the judge here. I think parent plus loans are really tough because here's, here's what, here's what we're really deciding between the money was used for you and it was for your education. You got your education and then you kind of, right. Did you ask for the loan? I don't know. Did you? No, I remember he really, he really wanted me to go to this college. Okay. and I did want to go, but I remember saying like, are you sure this is a lot of money? But if you, if you didn't pay for it, what, what would have happened? You just wouldn't have gone Or what was the I would've gone to a different school for much cheaper or a little to nothing.


And you would've paid for it in cash or there still would've been a smaller loan. So, no, actually this is the kicker. He actually teaches out of college. and I could have gone there for free. Oh my goodness. But he wanted me to go, Okay. I know It's so bad you Dad. What? Isn't that like the one reason to work at the college? Your kids can go for free, right? Oh my goodness. He Really, he really wanted me to go to this Christian private college. Okay, so now, now, now we have, but now we have the facts. 'cause I don don't wanna run outta time. The fact is, he took out this loan, he wanted you to go to this school. You were willing to go someplace for free. And let's add the legality to it. The loan is in his name. Yeah. So if you came in front of Judge Jade, You have no legal or moral obligation to pay this back.


No legal. If it's gonna weigh on you and you have the financial means, then help pay it down. It's that simple. And have the conversation. You didn't have the conversation before. So the next best thing you can do is have one. Now you go, all right here, can we come up with a game plan? don don't want this to hurt our relationship. I know you disagree with my husband, neither here nor there. Let's make a plan to get rid of this debt. And If I were you, I'd try to settle for half and half. I'd be like, let's go have Zs on this. You played a part in it. I took it. I took the gift, I took the loan. so I played a part in it as well. And so that's what I would do. and I, if you do make this, try to, I say this, but this is family stuff and I hate, I hate business between family. But try to get it in some sort of writing of Hey, this is what we both agree.


Let's sign it. Okay. And so that we can always say, Hey, we said this. Here's what we said. I'll pay 30. You'll pay 30. What's the balance now? Is it still 60? So it's 60. I'm guessing it was closer to 72 when he first took It. Okay, well let's talk about it at this point and say it's 60 now. You pay 30, I'll pay 30 and no hard feelings. And from now on, none of us co-signed for each other. And you know, maybe you write him a letter and say all the wonderful things that you were gonna say on the air about how he sacrificed. And you know, that's that on that. But if, if the wedge has already been driven, then this debt is not going to change much of that. No. It sounds like he's got other beef. And this is just one part of the puzzle.


Which I'm so sorry. I mean, that's not a fun thing to deal with. And money getting involved just makes it 10 times worse. It does. Yeah. Parent plus loans are a big, big Please do it. Please don't do it. Don. No, no it, if you're listening and you ever take a parent plus loan, just know I'm mad at you. Yeah. And a puppy stop wagging its tail. Oh Yeah. It's a problem. Don't do it. This is The. Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This is the season for Halloween. It's October. We're wearing costumes and we're wearing masks. If you haven't started planning your costume yet, get on it. And while you're thinking about it, I want you to be honest. A lot of us hide ourselves. We hide our true selves behind costumes in masks all the time. We do this at work, we do this around our friends, we do this around our families. We even do this when we look at ourselves in the mirror. I know because I've been there multiple times in my life. And it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding behind masks and costumes all the time. If you find yourself hiding from your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where you can be honest, where you can talk to somebody else and reflect and learn. And you can accept all the parts of yourself over time and start living an authentic life. Masks and costumes should be for Halloween parties, not for our emotions and our true selves. And if you're considering therapy, try calling my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for you and your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey and you'll be matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapist at any time for no additional cost. Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/delony.


Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget is like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play


Well listening to The Ramsey Show, thanks for hanging out with us. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is George Campbell. We're the ones taking your calls. We'll give you our best advice. Some say the advice is worth what you pay for it. Alright, let's go to Sophia in Washington DC What's up Sophia? Hi there. So I'm kind of dealing with this situation where I I got divorced three years ago. I was able to buy my ex-husband out of the house. I'm looking at getting remarried now. Okay. And my boyfriend is asking to be put on the deed to the house Right now or after you get married. After we get married.


And you don't want to, I've had to make a lot of sacrifices to be in the financial situation I'm in. and I just don't feel like he makes those same sacrifices and he's just walking into a house and hold Up up. Then why do you wanna marry this guy is already, you already have resentment toward him. I don't, he just really enjoys boating and I. Enjoy having a roof over my head. Girl. Uhuh, there's something, there's animosity there. You don't think this is gonna play out in a marriage 'cause it's only gonna get worse from here on out.


'cause it's gonna be, well this is my money that I earned and so I'm gonna spend it here and we're gonna split the rent at that point. Just get a roommate. I don't want you to get married if you're going to enter into the situation where you're resentful. So Do you wanna, do you the Perspective I come from it is that once we're married, we'll put everything into a bank account together. Bank, okay. And, we can save up for our own house. The problem is, I have a child from my first marriage. Okay. and I want the house to go to her. If anything were to ever happen to me. Okay. But that's not the way marriage works necessarily. So let's, let's pull back, because you came, you came in hot into the conversation to the point to where George and I were like, wow, this woman has some beef towards him.


So let's kind of back out for a second, because you're marrying a guy, right? That if to me, if you're marrying somebody, this is the person you ultimately trust that You wanna build wealth with, With that you wanna build wealth with and you trust your children with them. so what I just heard you say sounded as though, and how old is your child by the way? Three years old. Three years old. so what you just said sounded as though if something were to happen to you, God forbid you want the house to go to her, but wouldn't the house go to your spouse who is taking care of your daughter? What's wrong with that? Her father would technically get custody of her.


Okay. So she wouldn't And so Have any of that. So then the father's gonna move into the house that your husband's in to take care of her? No, the way I have it set now is that the, the house is in a, in a guardianship. So my parents are the executors on that and would be able to rent the house out until she's 18 and then sell it. Do you have life insurance? I do. Okay. You got term life in place 10 to 12 times your income? Yes. Yes. Okay. That could be the solution to a lot of this. 'cause you can make her the beneficiary and she'll have the money. It can be in a trust. It'll, you'll have a, you know, the, the guardian of it.


But I, I feel like the, this is like a leverage piece and you've got a lot of hurt from the past, which is very understandable. But I think bringing that into this new marriage is gonna just put a wall up instantly that says, I'm not gonna let you totally in, but I want a hundred percent from you. And I felt the wall when you just said it, I felt like, oh wow, this lady's got, she's really protecting herself is what it feels like you're trying to do and really almost walling off your daughter as well. And it just, for George and I, I mean, we've just been talking to you just for a couple minutes and it feels like, oh, okay, so I like what George said about the, the insurance and if I'm the spouse, like let's George and I sit in, in your boyfriend's situation for a minute.


If I come into this, I'm like, wait a minute, I'm living with you, but I don't have any rights. You know, like, I wanna go on the mortgage together. And of course it makes sense if something were to happen to you that you know. Yeah. Is his name gonna be on the mortgage? No, his name would not be on the mortgage. Why not? so I guess that would require us refinancing and it's at a low interest rate. Okay. But he, and, and let me put it in his shoes, he's going, okay, I'm helping her build equity to a home that I have no real involvement in. And that's gonna go to the daughter, which I'll have no real involvement in if something were to happen. You did mention that you were interested in saving up money together to buy your own place.


What would happen if, when you got married you said, okay, I've got the life insurance for my daughter. She's covered. And essentially if you guys were to get married, your, your spouse would have life insurance too. So if something happened to him, you'd be covered. So like everybody's gonna be covered here. And then if you guys said, okay, this current house, we're gonna sell it and buy something together. What's wrong with that? Or you just add him to it? Yeah, I, I just, I guess I wanted him to understand what it's like to be a homeowner and sacrifice with me to build something completely from scratch together. Okay. I think we can address that without using this as a leverage piece with the deed.


I I think you need to address this with 'em and say, listen, I wanna spend my life with you, but I have some real concerns about the way you handle money and I want to raise this child. I wanna build wealth together. And it sounds like you wanna just go have fun and boat in your spare time and I need someone who has more skin in the game. I think if we address the underlying issues, then the deed is, is whatever, add him to it. Don't, you know, do you think you, you could have that hard conversation with him? I think I can. Would He be shocked to know that you don't like his free spirit childlike attitude toward money? He would not. Okay.


This has come up before. It has. I would also use that gut check to say should this relationship move forward until we address this? Because if we don't align on this, I don't think you should move forward. I wouldn't move in together. Well I'll be fair. He has been addressing it. He recently sold his boats Scott paying marina fees. So there are steps in the right direction. So he's boat now. Why we want he's boat less now. Yes. That Sounds like the ultimate sacrifice. Yes. and I do appreciate it quite a bit. Okay. So it sounds like he is wanting to make strides. And again, if you're gonna go into this, I would be all in. I think it's the only way. I know you have have past hurt and once you're going, you've gone through a divorce in the back of your mind you're always thinking I need an escape hatch with the what ifs.


But I think if this is going to work, it's gotta be, we're all in on this and that means we're gonna combine bank accounts, combine incomes, combine everything, combine houses, deeds, mortgages, it's all us. And that that's what creates a teamwork. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks for the call. It Would be good to have a reality check. Yeah. We want the best for you. You know, we're not trying to accuse you or poke holes in your plan, but we, we really want the best for you. And when you call And, we hear that in your voice or we hear that that fear or that hurt, we definitely wanna address it because it's more than money, right? It's in, in this case it definitely is, is more than just money. There's a lot of emotion there.


There's to your point, George, a lot of previous baggage there and that's normal. Well And she's got, you know, the mama bear wants to protect that baby. Of course. Yeah. That 3-year-old and I totally get that. And so there's, there's a lot at play here and there may be some healing to do and I just don't want that to be projected onto this guy. That's right. And hurt the relationship in the long term.


And the truth is, you know, if you're dealing with a 3-year-old, if, if we're really thinking about this, okay, you got a 3-year-old, you wanna make sure they're set up life insurance really is the best way because think about it, a lot of times if somebody does pass away in they're left property, the first thing they do is sell it anyway. Right? Because they want the, to get their hands on cold hard cash. So that's really what people want is that cash. So 10 to 12 times your income is gonna be plenty to make sure your final wishes are taken care of and then that they're taken care of. It's for anybody who re who relies on your income basically is what you're covering. And the Idea there is that you take that lump sum from the life insurance and you invest it in the returns off of that you live on that could replace your income. That's right. And that's why we say 10 to 12 times we've seen the average return in the stock market over a long period of time. 10 to 12%. So if you wanna get term life in place, connect with our friends at Xandr, that's where I have mine through for my wife and I. Same, same with Jade. And just run away from anyone selling you whole life term life is a fraction of the cost. You're gonna get great coverage and you only need it for that 15 or 20 or 25 years because you're going to become self-insured if you follow the Ramsey plan. That's right. You're gonna get the house paid off, you're gonna build up sizable investments in that nest egg and your family's gonna be okay. And if you're a stay at home parent, we still recommend getting, you know, At least a half million dollar policy. Exactly. Because you have something, again, there's people that are relying on you, but what we don't do is take out policies on children. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of insight.


This is The Ramsey Show. Hey guys, Dave Ramsey here and I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you, live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr. John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not want to miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. This is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Hey, we've all made money mistakes and so If, you have defaulted on private student loans. Trust me, I know all about that. We're not judging you, but we are saying that you can do something about it. So you need to contact Why Refi. Okay. Why Refi was created for people in your exact situation. So go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. Again, that's YREF y.com/ Ramsey. And remember, it may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Shelby in Oklahoma. My husband and I are in our early twenties and just got to baby Step four. Our income is just north of $250,000 with the help of overtime and side hustles. But living below our means is actually how we've gotten to where we are. I'm facing a lot of emotional conflict over family and friends hating on us for doing the hard work of the baby steps. And for our high income amount, we don't have anyone cheering us on except the Ramsey community. And it feels very lonely at times knowing that we're still very early in our careers and knowing we will only increase in our wealth, will the jealousy and nay saying only get worse? Mm. We really just need some encouragement. Wow. Will it get worse?


Probably. 'cause they're gonna, they're gonna make fun of you for doing the plan then they're gonna be jealous, envious and judgmental when you do well. Yeah. They're slipping on their haterade. There's no winning with these people. Yeah Man. So here's an easy life hack. Stop carrying what other people think. If they don't pay your bills, they don't get a vote. That's my policy. I agree. Yeah, they're they're on that haterade. But do you know what George It is, it is painful because you, you want your family to be like Yeah. Way to go. You want them to notice that you've done something good, right. You want them to slap you a high five or say good job or just some sort of acknowledgement. so I do think it's tough when you don't get that. When you've done something pretty amazing like pay payoff debt and when you've done something amazing like, you know, garner a higher income that that's, that's a great Accomplishment.


Pieces as well. Two pieces. Year number one, I think they're secretly envious of their amazing income in their early twenties. I mean, how many people in the early twenties are making 250 grand? Not many. There's one piece. And then the other piece is they're doing a hard thing in transforming their life. Yeah. And that holds up to mirror a mirror to how out of shape I am financially. That's right. And therefore don don't like it. Yeah. And so I think there's, there's a both and there. And it's only gonna get worse as they become debt free. As they make more money and build wealth. 'cause then it's gonna be, wow, look at the house they have. They must be doing pretty And they, we did so much for them. Yeah. You'd think they would. It's a personal problem. There's always gonna be something with unhealthy people. You're always gonna have some of this unhealthy, toxic conversation. So the best thing you can do is shut it down, ignore it.


Don't talk about it. And again, you said we, we have no one except the Ramsey community. Listen, there's hundreds of thousands of people in the Ramsey Baby Steps community Facebook group alone. Yeah. That are excited for you when you tell 'em weird things like we just paid off our house. That's right. So there's always a place for you to go. It's a safe place. And so go join that group. Go join a financial peace university class, all of that. Get people around you who wanna see you win. And it's gonna be a much more fun journey. Yeah. Hold your head high. Tell 'em, get that dirt off their shoulders. Okay. George, you know something that I noticed with these calls lately and it's worth talking about because, you know, we're going into the, into this third hour here.


Money. We, we talk so much about money and the health of our money, the peace that we need to experience with our money, getting debt free. And, we talk about that so much because we know that money is entwined in everything. Right? It's wrapped up in everything that we do. There's a motivating factor underneath it all. And when you're in debt, it does skew your motives sometimes without you even realizing it. You think about it, you're in debt, you take a job that maybe you don't like, but it pays more. But the motive is, I need that money because I wanna pay off this debt or sign a parent plus loan because you think maybe this will give me a connection to somebody and I'll be able to kind of help them make a decision.


I can have a say in what's going on. So there's a motivating factor underneath that. Or don don't know. One of the callers, you bought a house and you bought it in a hard time and you sacrificed everything to get it. So now that you're getting married to a guy, he didn't have to do that sacrifice. Now you've weaponized. Now You've, so there's always this like motivation underneath money. And so ultimately we know that it's important to have a healthy relationship. When your debt is cleared, it clears a lot of that motive out. And when you have a he healthy relationship with how you view money, it clears a lot of that out. And so just a reminder that it's not just paper with dead presidents faces on it. There's A lot of emotion and relational equity tied up in that.


That's one of the reasons we tell people never ever under any circumstances lend someone money. Right. Because that adds you More, if you wanna gift it to them as a one time thing, that's fine. But if you lend people money, it always ends up hurting the relationship. You become the banker. That's Right. And they become the person who owes you money, which makes it real awkward every time they interact with you and you see them go on vacation and you go, wait, they owe me money no matter how much you love them. So don't intertwine money before you're married. Don't sign the parent plus loan for your kids. Don't take out the debt consolidation loan for your boyfriend. And if you think these are things I'm making up, these are all calls we've taken in the last 60 minutes. Yeah. And then there's the part of it, George, where let's have conversation like let's normalize talking about each other's views on money.


Because if you're gonna enter into a relationship with somebody, but you're not talking about the elephant in the room, which is the fact that we both have money. He makes more than I do, or I make more than he does. I spend it like this. He saves it. Like if you're not talking about that, you can hear when people call in and there's like kind of that animosity or there's a little bit of resentment because they're not talking about it. And so if you're dating someone, if you're engaged to someone, if you're married, it's never too late to say, okay, let's, let's have a real conversation here because here, here are my views on money. Or maybe I actually like to start with the other person's views on money. Tell me your views on money. What is, what's your philosophy? What do you think about debt?


You know, is it something that you did one time and you, you made the mistake and you never want to do it again? Or is it something that you did one time and you feel like it's a great thing to leverage? Like have those conversations because it's going to pop up again. It's like a zombie. It never really goes away. And so you wanna know what this person's views are before you get too down the line with them and before it feels too late to make a change. Yeah. And if those are that person's principles and values and they're not gonna change, that's fine. It we at least we know now We know, But now we know not to move forward with the relationship or we have to go to counseling to find out how we're gonna overcome this in a marriage. Yeah. Because how many times have we taken the call where one, one person in the relationship kind of has their money together or they're working on it and then the other, Or they feel like they're doing so much better than the other person.


Yeah. They feel like they're doing so much better. And in their mind they're kind of the caretaker they've taken in the person who wasn't making as much the person who didn't have as much debt or has more debt, not, you know, not having the better financial situation. And so underlying the whole time they're thinking like, are they just taking advantage of me? Are they just living here? 'cause I'm giving them A, they're mooching. Are they mooching? So this is, these are many of the ways that money just filters in. And if we don't talk about it, it kind of just festers and grows in our mind. So have these conversations with your spouse. Have these conversations with your boyfriend. If you've been dating for a while, certainly have them with your fiance and make it part of marriage counseling.


Like before you get married. Yeah. Well That's why if you're not, I encourage people take Financial Peace University as a part of premarital counseling. Yeah. Because it'll start these conversations. It is a big deal. Okay. Do we have time to take another call? I don't wanna, is it Risky? No, it's risky. Let's just, We're not rolling dice. No, we're not gonna rolling dice. One thing I do wanna add to that, Jade, a lot of people think, well I don't wanna marry someone with debt or don don't wanna date someone with debt. Yeah. And here's the deal, we never discouraged someone from marrying or being in a relationship with someone with debt. But you do have to figure out are they wanting to stay there if they're with Gazelle intensity trying to get out. Yeah. And a lot of people go, well Jade, I work so hard to stay debt free or become debt free. And now they're coming into the relationship with a hundred thousand dollars in student loans.


And if you treat them like this project or like, Hey, that's your debt and you need to figure that out. Once they're Marry, they're gonna feel that. Don't get married. Don't Get married yet. You're Taking on all of them. All the good, all the bad. And the bad might be part of their debt. But guess what? If you look at it as this is a season, Hey, I know I saved up all this money for a house, but now it's gonna go toward my spouse's debt. And then there's other part of it where it's almost like we want them to have the same penance that we had. And it's like I had to walk through this. I had to sacrifice. You should have to too. And I'm like, listen, if you're getting married and you have the money to bless your spouse in the way of saying, Hey, we're getting married. I've saved up $40,000 and there's $40,000 of debt once we get into this marriage.


That's a blessing. And to make it seem like you have to, you have to go through what I went through that. That's another sign of you're not ready, you're just Not ready. Basically just get healthy before you get in a relationship. Get healthy. Yes. That's all we're asking. And if you don't wanna marry 'em, if they're in debt, then don't marry 'em. That's also your choice too. It's a free country. It's a free country. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment, affording a home is impossible. And you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right? Wrong. George Kamel here. Listen. Finding a home you love within your budget is possible. And I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving a Down payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist. We'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is George Kamel.


Hey guys, I know we've been talking about this, but I really want you to be on this live like no one else cruise. So we're gonna keep talking about it. It's March 22nd through the 29th, 2025. And you already know most of the cabins are gone, but we want it sold out. And again, this is not your average cruise. This is a premier Caribbean cruise. Caribbean or Caribbean. I'm a Caribbean kind of guy. All right. That's right. Caribbean Queen. That's it. Okay, so we're going to Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, Bahamas. And again, this is a top of the line cruise. I can tell you I've been in the cruise business for a long time. That's what I did before I came here. Holland America, it's pretty top drawer. Okay. This is a nice cruise. Holland America. It's the new Sta and dom. It meets the standard for the Ramsey guest. Okay, let's, let's just put it like that. We we're not gonna have anything shabby. This is very nice. It's all inclusive. Food's included, even room service. Okay. So you can get your hot dog on at 3:00 AM in the morning and no one's gonna stop. You get your hamburger. Took a lot of poor decisions happening. Cruise ships at 3:00 AM Heck yeah, it's, that's the fun part. You order room service, you have some drinks, you're a kit. Yes. It's like blank Check Richie Rich. Yeah. And then they've got these specialty restaurants that are top of the line. And then there's of course really, really great entertainment while you're on. There's pools, the hot tubs, the fitness center, Ken, and I'll be on the pickleball courts. There's the spa in salon, which I have been to and I can tell you that it's on point. Jade and I will be doing karaoke night. Yeah. I told him we have like a sunny and Cher thing planned. Oh, That's amazing. We should work on a routine. Yeah. Little song and dance for the people. Yeah. So all the Ramsey personalities are gonna be there and no, George and I are not gonna do Sonny and Cher. That is a lie. But we Will be there non in full costume at least we'll do the voices. That's right. We're gonna have fun. The point is, by the time you end, we're all gonna be best friends because we will have spent seven days with each other for better or worse. And so yes, if you wanna book your cabin, do it today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. You can click the link in the description. If you're listening on YouTube or a podcast, be there. Or B square, my friends.


All right, let's take another call. We've got Mark, he's in Augusta, Georgia. What's going on Mark? Hey guys. Hey, how are you? Well, I'm good now. We got power yesterday fixed 12 days and stuff. Oh my goodness. Was this from Helene? Yes. Oh wow. It looks like somebody Live From McKenna, what is it called? Little Sticks or something like that and just dumped it. Oh, My gosh, My neighborhood. And in three neighborhoods down really? Or probably like one mile directly from a masters. And where people park their cars. don don't know if you've ever been it on the outskirts of it.


There's probably 50 pine trees down there. We're slowly getting power over in that area and stuff. But over here people have like four and five pine trees on top of the house. Mm. There's no way, no way that to rebuild the house and stuff. What about, you could Probably tear it apart. Actually we had, the last storm was 10 years ago. And, we used to get 'em every 10 years. It was a ice storm that imp through here. Yeah. And it broke down a lot of the limbs and all that stuff. so what we decided to do then was go ahead and get rid of all the trees in our yard. So that saved you. Yes. So how can we help today? How can you What? How can we help today?


Okay. One of the things I wanted to talk to you about was, this happens to a lot of neighbors and stuff when their neighbors trees fall on their property and stuff. And then the neighbor's responsible to remove their neighbor's tree and stuff. and I don't know who passed that law and stuff. I just don't get it. So did, did a neighbor's tree fall on your House? It's called a, it's called a no. If a, if a neighbor's tree falls in your yard, which, which it did, it did during ice storm. That cost us $4,600 to remove It. Okay. It, it was their tree and stuff and it fell in our yard. So that's what a lot of people are dealing with right now. And some people don't have the money and stuff and the neighbors would just sitting back and say, Hey you.


So what are, so what you dealing with Mark? What's your financial question? Okay. My financial question was, I, we just got our house painted and all that stuff. We had storm windows on the front of the house and stuff after the storm. No power and all that stuff. We couldn't up come windows 'cause the flies were, excuse me, drive us crazy. Okay. So I've got, I've got one company and I'm not gonna say their name and all the stuff and they're well known and they said they will come out, they're gonna have to measure 'em, they'll be homemade and all the stuff. And it take us four months before we can get 'em. But they want me to give them 50% upfront. and I said, I'm not gonna do that. I said, I'll give you 10, maybe 15. I said, I can even get you a letter for the bank saying I'm good for the whole loan, but that's money that I'll be losing if I have it in the savings account or something like that.


How much money do you have in savings? Do you have the full amount? 69,000. Okay. I Got my so I well up there. Well let, I'm retired from Kimberly Clark and all. so I mean I'm good to go. Let me pull, let me pull back. So you're trying to get storm windows or you're trying to get a different type of window. We're replace all the windows and they'll have storm windows. And How much is that gonna cost total? I actually ran across the guy. I saw the business And. we just, I got a haircut and I walked in next door to get grab a beer and the guy was sitting right there and he said 8,700. Okay, well I don't know that I would go with the guy who was just sitting there getting his haircut, drinking a beer. I would get Multiple bids from Reput s that search Out and I was getting my hair.


Oh, But still the first guy you saw. And he mentioned it. Here's the thing, you've just come off of something traumatic. It's scary. What just has gone on where you live? Oh, you would not believe. And then you've got the 12 days with no power and you're thinking to myself, I want to, just like you did with the ice storm, you're like, I'm doing everything I can to make sure if this happens again and I'm in a better situation. So you cleared out the trees and now you're going through that same motion again and you're going, next time this happens, I'm gonna be a better situation. I'm gonna get storm windows, Storm drains, everything. Yes. And I'm not mad at you for doing that and it might be a good idea based on where you live. However, don don't want you going with the first Yahoo off the street that says, I'll do it for you. 8,700. I want you to take your time.


Oh, no, no, no. It's not that. It's, I, this is a place that's well known. Okay. My neighbor across the street and all his friends have highly recommended the company. Yes. But I still want you to get I don Wanna let you know, I still want you to get a couple of estimates. Right. That's just you doing your due diligence and saying there might be another well-known company that'll do it a little bit cheaper. Maybe they'll do it a little bit faster, but at least you can compare. Right. And that's just being a good consumer at that point. Oh yeah. And you, you get your expert and you look at what type of materials and all that stuff. That's right. You look at and lots of stuff. That's Right. And then when you do it, only pay cash. Do not borrow money for this. Okay. I, I can end with this jv We're talking about this. I've been listening to y'all for 40 Ronald 45 minutes.


I'm sorry Jess. I'm so tired. That's okay. But 45 minutes. And the women were talking about that were trying to protect their investments. Well they're, they're right. Alright. Guys are nothing but dogs. I'm telling you. So they'll go wherever they gotta do and stuff. But then they finally realized at the end, I need to sell down somewhere. Wait A minute. And then they're, you went off, you went off on a tangent. We're supposed to be talking about storm, storm windows. I know, but I'm just telling you, this is the Truth. Mark's got some beef with these guys out There, guys, guys will, they will take advantage of women. Well, not a good guy. Hey, we hope that everything works out with you in this storm. and I do think if you live in a, in a, in an area that's prone to natural disasters, you need to make sure that you have the right things in place to keep you covered.


And of course, for a lot of people it's impact windows it might have be having the hurricane graded roof. Right. Obviously having the right insurances in place. And, we know that insurance has gotten very expensive. Crazy because of the storms that are happening. Yeah. And so just do your due diligence There. And the other piece is don't let companies use this to sort of fear monger and get you in your time where you're vulnerable to say you need all these things to protect your family and it's gonna cost $30,000 and here's the loan. Right. A lot Of people will fall prey to some of that as well because there's, they're so scared. There's fear. Yeah. And so you gotta do things from a calm perspective. The person with the most patience, information and options wins. And that's what we're talking about here. Do your research with a calm head.


Pay cash, save up, have an emergency fund in place. Don't owe people money. And that's gonna put you in the best position for no matter what life throws at you. And no Matter what it is that you're trying to get done, don't go with the first company that whose card you get, you run into 'em at Home Depot or you know, you met 'em at Chili's. I don't know. Whatever it is. At least get a couple of different estimates because the truth is you might find a better one. Yeah. I Don't take business pitches and Chili's. Yeah. No, that's my, that's my rule. It's my thing. No, no, no. Well, Jade, this hour is about to end. Yeah. So if you're listening on YouTuber podcast, you gotta jump over to The Ramsey Network app to finish the show. That's right. So go get it. If you're on radio, the show will continue. But if you're on YouTuber podcast, jump over to The Ramsey Network app.


You can go download it in the app store for free or click the link in the show notes and don't miss out what's coming up in the third hour. 'cause I see some good calls on the board that you don't wanna miss out on. I was approved for a home loan. Should I get a home in baby Step two, we'll talk about that. Is it better to pay off my mortgage or invest the extra into retirement Juicy? I don't know. That's a cliffhanger. You'll have to pop into the app to see what's next. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.