(14s):
Welcome to The Ramsey Show. America. Thrilled to have you with us. We're here to help you win in your life. We want you to win with your money, win in your professional life, and win in your relationships alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. The phone number to jump in is triple 8 8 2 five five two two five. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Let's get to the calls. You ready to go? Partner? You got a little, little something in the throat there? Little For clamped, but I'm Ready to go. Alright. Cleared the throat. Let me clear my throat. She said there it is. Can't call me. We're already getting it started. I know we're gonna have a lot of fun today, by the way, just a sheer warning to you. We're gonna have fun while we coach you up. Lauren starts it off in Knoxville, Tennessee.

(55s):
Lauren, how can we help? Hi. I just have been tracking my budget for the last year, asking friends who have similar families as me living in the area, how much they're spending on groceries every month. And I am over by a couple hundred dollars every month. I've tried to bring it down, but I just am not willing to compromise on certain healthy foods and I've already made several compromises the past couple years. So I just wanna know how much should I be willing to compromise on healthy food in order to keep a budget. Look, you called the right Place. This is a great question, isn't it? And I can't think of a better person to be sitting beside on this one because I'm, I'm in the middle here you are.

(1m 37s):
I don't know where I'm at on this. Listen, what, what are you gonna say? I'm gonna, I'm gonna lean on You on this one. I'll tell you what I think. So first off, I wanna know what your numbers are. I wanna know more about you before I go into it. It's not gonna change my answer, I just wanna know. Mm. Okay. What are you spending on groceries? How big is your family? Family of four. Yeah. So we are a family of four. I've got a 5-year-old, sorry, a family of five, new baby. Oh, he doesn't really count. So a family of five. I'm spending $1,300 a month and when we first moved here, I was spending it at a really nice store and when that got two out of hand, I moved down to a store that didn't have as good of quality stuff. When that got too out of hand, I moved to a different one.

(2m 17s):
So for some reason I just can't kick the $1,300 a month. Okay. And what baby step are you on too? We don't have any debt except for a mortgage. And we've got some savings. Hold 14 on spin. 1400. Hold on. Okay. Don't get too excited over here. I'm just saying I misses clean food. How, what's your income? Combined? Income. Just barely. We moved up to one 20. Oh yeah. Listen, listen. Okay's not an issue. It doesn't change my answer in the way that a Well, well, yeah. What is your official Declaration? My official stance on this is when you're working the baby steps, you don't sacrifice your, your health long term for it.

(2m 58s):
So getting out of debt is not an excuse to eat crap. It's not you eating ramen noodles every night because we gotta live Ken. We can't be out here with high blood pressure and, and, and the gout and all these things that hold holding us back. We Have, I love that you dropped. I I love the gamut. Bl high blood pressure to gout. I'm just, I mean you covered it all I'm saying. So there is, there's a logical point where it becomes, I agree With you unhealthy, But let me ask you this 'cause you're the queen of cutting costs And you eat as clean as anybody that I know. I try. I try my best. I get to tell, I get this is my, this is your, okay, okay. Of the people that I know, I don't know anybody that eats cleaner than you.

(3m 39s):
Okay. We Now here's the question. Yeah. Is it worth digging a little bit? First of all, she's fine on margin and percentage There. You're totally fine. But, but 13 hundred's. Good. And before you get into this, Ken, let me just back you up, Lauren. If you look at like the FDA standards four family of four, it's usually somewhere between 800 and $1,200. Now they break it down on kind of a, it's almost like a good, better, best, like for a less expensive budget, a a median expensive budget. And for people who can spend a little bit more, that's the way they break it down. And for the folks who can spend a little bit more, it's usually between 800 and $1,200. So that's great. So, so you're Right there. So here's the question I have. Okay. And Lauren, I'm asking a question on your behalf if you'll allow.

(4m 22s):
Okay. I'll, if you were gonna sit at Lauren's table tonight Yeah. And you were gonna do an audit, where would you be looking to try to shave money on what is already a reasonable thing for healthy food? Do you have Yeah. Do you, and I'm not trying to get you to endorse anybody. No, but are you like, is it online? Are there different brand? Like what would you be looking at to help her so that she can kind of double down and go, all right, I got some jade hacks here to maybe see if I can save a little bit. Doesn't sound like she might be able to. I'd be looking for the convenience items. For instance, most people are looking to, most people, if they have the money, they're looking to save time. Right. That's the next thing. It's like I can spend the money in order to save more time. Right. Lauren probably has spent more money to save time.

(5m 4s):
So I'd be looking for things that are prepackaged, like snacks. Like when you have five kids, you wanna just be able to throw the things in the kids' lunch. Right? So you might buy the, the snack things that are pre-packaged, the pre-packaged things in nuts, the pre-packaged, you know. Okay. That sort of deal as opposed to okay, I'm gonna buy the big Sam's Club, you know? Oh, okay. Package of, you know Yeah. Cheesy smiles or whatever it Like 300, you know, carrots. Yeah, yeah. You Know what I mean? And so I'd look for convenience items I'd then look for in the freezer section. So I'd be looking, okay, is she buying, you know, frozen waffles to get breakfast on the table in the morning? So that's where Are frozen waffles healthy though? There's some that are better than others. Lauren, Do you get frozen waffles?

(5m 46s):
No. Everything I makes generally pretty homemade. Love that. Love that. We have chickens, we do sourdough. But for you, you're probably splurging in the area. I mean, I'm just guessing you're probably my buying more non GMO more organics. Yeah. Where's your Biggest expense? Higher quality. What, what would you say is your biggest expense? Well, We, we stopped doing it 'cause it was so expensive. But I really, really care about buying from local farms and dairies because I That's great. I like how they treat their animals better and I think that the chemicals and things aren't in there as much. Yeah, I think So. But we, we stopped doing that 'cause it was $10 a gallon. Yeah. You know, what you're probably gonna find is it's, it's their trade-offs that you're making. Even when Sam and I were in $460,000 of debt back then, I would spend $60 a week on groceries.

(6m 29s):
Remember this is back in the day. But I, those were what you're talking about, everybody has a set of values that they care about. Whether it's, yeah. You know, I don't want the, the red 40 and the yellow fives or you know, I'm trying to avoid the dyes or I wanna buy local or I care about organics. You might not be able to afford to do all of it. Yeah. But if you say for meat specifically, I really care about that. And because of that I'm willing to skimp in other areas. It's a trade off. But are you saying that Lauren can go back to that same budget? Lauren, this is why you called. So I'm hearing jade's okay with that number Once you're in baby steps four, five, and six. Right. And you're able to kind of not be in that like balls to the wall mode.

(7m 10s):
I think that as long as you're doing the things that cause you to be a responsibly financial, a financially responsible adult, you're investing 15%, you're putting extra on the mortgage, you're, you know, putting away for the kids' college. If you're still doing all those things And you have the margin And you say, yeah, I'd love to, to be able to splurge on this, you know, milk from next door, whatever the eggs From the gallon milk from Farmer Roy. I Don't know. Yeah. But I'm saying that's what, that's a 'cause some people will go out and go to a really nice meal at a restaurant. I'm with you. And they'd rather do that. And so at this point, it's really about how you enjoy spending your margin and what the value set is for your family. Guys have worked, you guys have worked hard Lauren. Yeah. To have this margin to then eat for life.

(7m 53s):
I like this. Ooh. Yeah. This is really fun. And and I gotta tell you, I'm telling Lauren, I'm telling you, I'm telling the entire audience. Tell us, guess what I signed up me and Stacy for in February While Pilates A sourdough class. Oh, I'm gonna go learn how to make sourdough and I get to come home with the mother. Is that what they call it? Did I get that Right? In more ways than one Ken? Well, Two mothers come home with two mothers. Come on. Come on. How exciting is that? I am excited. So you and Sam gotta come over. Guess what I'm gonna make for you guys? Make, I'll take whatever lo you Eat sourdough pizza. I'm gonna make it on my big kamado Joe For you. I'm gonna hold you to that. And I want, I'm learning all of the discard. I'm learning how to make sourdough.

(8m 35s):
That's good, Ken. Yeah. Keep me posted. Yeah. Blog about it. Yeah. But I'll tell you about it. Alright, quick break. We're just getting started. We're having a blast. We're gonna help you out. That's probably one of my favorite calls that I've had in a while. That's fun on the show. Really interesting. Don't move. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.

(8m 56s):
Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys. I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's A gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance. Jeff Xander, and the team at Xandr Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.

(10m 0s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us alongside my friend Jay Borson. Ken Coleman. And if you're ready, you're finally ready. Some of you been listening for a long time, some of you for a little bit, some of you brand new, welcome to all. But if you're ready to finally make change in 2025, this is the year you said, all right, we're making changes. This is a must. January 23rd, we've got our free live stream. Take control of your money hosted by Dave RAMSEY and my friend Jade Warshaw. Jade, I feel like I shouldn't talk about you when you're right here. You guys were meeting, I, I walked by the other day and I heard you guys having a meeting. Yep. This thing, is it on the rails?

(10m 41s):
It's ready to go. It's out of the oven. It's, it's Baking. What, what's it gonna be? January 23rd? Take control of your money. You and Dave got some fun cameos as well. Why should people come to this? This is where you get the how to. This is where you get the practical steps. Jade, I'm ready to do it. Just show me how and I'll take the ball. And so that's what we're gonna do. We're gonna show you how to get control of your money once and for all in 2025. We're gonna walk you through how to make that happen. How to do a budget, how to pay off your debt. We'll, to talk even a little bit about investing. So this is an event you don't wanna miss. And to wrap it all up, we're gonna do a q and a at the end. Rachel Cruz is gonna join us. George Campbell's gonna join us and we're gonna take your questions from you live and help you out right where you are.

(11m 26s):
Meet you right there. Now, They should be charging you fine folks for this, but they're not For Free. It's a free event. And ooh, this is really cool. When you sign up for this free event, you also are entered into our cash giveaway that night. Or at some 0.5. Yeah, that night. People night. Okay. Five people who actually attend this free event, this livestream event will win $4,000 each. That's a lot of money. So you sign up at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream and or you can also click in the show notes to go to this event. And I don't know why you wouldn't do this, because for some of you who want to kickstart your goals, yeah.

(12m 8s):
Coming to this event will do this. However, four large, Listen, if I slide $4,000 over here to you right now, Ken Coleman, what are you spending it on? What's it going towards? Well, if you're sliding it over there, maybe it's A, well, it's Dave's money. It's Dave's money. I'm just sliding it your way. Maybe It's a it's a fun night out. Maybe a, maybe try to squeeze in a budget weekend. Trip. Trip. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I like that. Maybe I spend it on, on Valentine's. Alright, Stacy Coleman. Yeah, listen, let me know how it goes. I mean that's, that's a pretty fun little trip. $4,000 is nothing to sneeze at. That could be something that pays off your debt. That could be, that's right. I'm noting out your Of course. So, so that my, that was Answer of course.

(12m 49s):
That could be you finishing up, you know, your emergency fund. Maybe you're in baby steps four, five, and six. And this is what'll get you over to, you know, do your little kitchen remodel. It's worth it. Sign up. That's all I'm saying. Oh, All right. Sierra's up in Atlanta, Georgia, Sierra, how can we help today? Hey, how are y'all doing? Good, How are you Doing? Good. So me and my husband, were actually in baby step two. We just learned that his parents have money put up for us. So we're about to be able to wipe out all of our credit card debt. And I've heard you guys say just put the cards up or shred 'em. Do we just like let them fall off of our like credit or do we close them?

(13m 33s):
We're both a little iffy on that part. Cut. Cut 'em up and close 'em. Do the both. Done. Okay. You don't need 'em anymore. How much money is this that you're getting? So right now it is 14,000 but then they're gonna add an extra 4,000 on top of that. What's it for? Why are they giving you this? I mean, that's a blessing. It is, it definitely is. My husband has the company that he works for, he is got his parents' company and to do some work for the company that he works for. So they've been doing really well working together. And so this is just a thank you to him. Nice. Thank you.

(14m 14s):
Wow. So, so here's, here's what I want to caution you about. I love when people get big sums of money, whether it's an inheritance or a gift or just something goes their way. But the, the cautionary tale here is there was a habit that got you into $14,000 of credit card debt. And we wanna make sure that we're examining that those habits and what caused that to happen. Because while it's really great to get a gift like this and be able to pay off that debt, the worst thing ever would be to not change your habits and over time accumulate that, that kind of debt again. Right? Yeah. So we, the only credit card debt that we have is about $8,000. Okay. On top of that we have two car loans, a side by side loan and then personal loan.

(14m 58s):
So the rest of that will flow over into our next one. Like the baby steps we're make all of those credit card payments and just Gotcha. Loan over. See Now in this case case, and I love your call out Jade, but I think in this case Sierra, I'm, I'm commending you and your hubs for putting the entire 18 grand towards the debt snowball because that in itself is a pain. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's like when someone gives you 18 grand, you go woo And you gotta go, oh there it goes. And So I You're iffy They'll feel it. Yeah, they'll feel it. And, and So you guys are on your way. This is a real blessing. I mean, Jade chose the right word there. This is such a kickstart to this. What will be left in your debt snowball once you apply the 18?

(15m 41s):
What's run those numbers? So what's gonna be left is about 127,000. But hey can you that that's, That includes the house? No, we rent. Oh, Okay. Well then can you tell us about the cars and the side? Byside, maybe we can Give you some more help that you didn't come for. Yes. So the side by side we still owe about 20,000 on. Okay. What's it worth? My car, I have no idea. My husband deals with that. Okay, what about the cars? My car, we still have 32 on it and it's worth about 23. His truck we owe 45 and I think the last time he checked it was worth between 18 and 23.

(16m 27s):
Oh man. Why such a hit on these vehicles? Yeah. Is that rolling negative equity? What's going on with that? Is that what happened? Yeah, that's, yeah that's negative equity right there. That's why we haven't gotten rid of it. Listen, I would, one thing I would consider before you pay off these credit cards, I might consider getting out of these vehicles because tell me the payment on both of them. So my truck is about five 50 a month or my, my car is about five 50 a month. His truck is about eight 17, Man. Oh man, let me tell you something. I would, it's a 1500 a month. I would consider getting out of the, your car that, that $10,000 that you're upside down, I'd pay it and use whatever cash you have left or even less to get a, a beater for you.

(17m 14s):
Five or $6,000. And then you cleared up $550 you have a month and you're out of that debt completely is $550 more than what you're paying on those credit cards combined. So monthly on all the credit cards combined, it's about 3 44. I do the card deal. I get outta that. You put all that money towards the car, I Get outta that upside down vehicle 'cause it's, it's just gonna continue to go down in value and that gap of being upside down is gonna get wider and wider. So I'd make that deal and get outta that car and then I'd be really thinking about how, how to get out of his look for private sale to see what it's worth, private sale and see if there's anything you can do to close that gap.

(17m 57s):
And, and it might be the side by side selling that side by side. If you can get something for it might help you close that, that gap. But these vehicles are what's killing you. Oh yeah, I know it. I know you do. You're like, when you told me 18 for this $45,000 truck. That's shocking. So Yeah, it's, it's somewhere in between there he is looked, I've looked and I'm like I don't know what to do. It was like we're gonna have to pay out more. So Yeah, you might end up having to just write it out and, and pay for it. But check on the side by side. Make sure you're checking Kelly Blue book again on that truck for private sale just to see. Because at the end of the day, here's the way you want to filter it through your brain. Ken, if I have a, if I have a loan for 45,000 but I can come out with a loan for 18,000, I'd rather have, I'd rather owe 18 than 45.

(18m 48s):
Right? So when you're thinking about do I take a loan to get right side up on this vehicle or to get out of this vehicle, it could be worth it to you. You know, it's not making it gone completely. But if you can do that and still have another 5,000, so would you rather owe 25 than 45? Right? You now you got yourself a $6,000 beater and you're outta the vehicle. Right? So that's the way I want you to filter through this math. It's not always going to equal zero, right. It's just gonna be, is this a better situation for me? Mm Yeah To lower those that monthly so that you can put more money in the snowball's. Right. That's what you're Prescribed in there's Right. That's right. Alright. Alright. Very good. Alright, quick break and we'll be right back with more of The Ramsey Show.

(19m 32s):
Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade Warshot and I'm just gonna cut to the chase. If anyone knows about paying off student loans, it's me. Okay. My husband and I had $460,000 of debt and 280,000 of it was student loans. So I know the pressure that you feel when you have that debt weighing you down. But I also know there's a way out because we did it And you can too. Getting out of student loan debt starts with taking control of the situation and Laurel Road can help Laurel Road offers a free 30 minute consultation with a student loan expert to go over your repayment options and help make a plan based on your specific situation to get your student loans paid off fast. Okay. Truth be told, refinancing is not the move for everyone. And my advice is that you should only consider it if you can get a lower rate or a shorter term. But if refinancing is your next move, I think it should be with Laurel Road. They offer low competitive rates and terms that could help you pay less over the lifetime of your loan. Plus they offer interest rate incentives like an auto pay discount. So go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY to find out more and schedule your free 30 minute consultation. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association

(20m 55s):
Alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman, this is The Ramsey Show. We're here for you. We wanna help you win with your money. We want you winning in your professional life. We want you winning in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Let's go to Boise, Idaho. Bryce is joining us there. Bryce, how can we help today? Hey, How are you doing? Good, Bryce. How are you? Good. How can we help? So last spring I graduated from high school and I worked throughout the summer and then went straight to college due to some family issues. I didn't wanna be home. And so I'm starting college. I'm past my first semester and I'm absolutely hating it and I'm not sure I really want to continue going to college and now I have debt and I don't know what to do.

(21m 41s):
Okay. How much debt do you have? So I took 3,500 in subsidized student loans and $2,000 in unsubsidized loans for just this year plus some scholarships. So I have a total of 5,500 in student loans right now. Okay. It would more than double next year, right? Well I don't think there's gonna be a next year. Don't you agree? I mean we kind of know that. Yeah. So I wanna encourage you first $5,500 in student loans cake. Okay. Not fun. Yeah. I'm not minimizing how it makes you feel but in the grand scheme of things, you being able to pay off $5,500 in the near future, extremely doable and and we'll talk you through that.

(22m 25s):
I wanna talk about the transition. I heard you say that you went to college essentially just to escape a a, a really not so great family life. True. Yeah. So you kinda made this decision on your own. Is that also true? Yeah. Alright, So you can also make the decision to leave on your own and no one's really giving you grief about it or it doesn't matter, correct? Yeah, like I get grief for it but it's not really not A big deal. Something I care about. Right. In other words, your mom and dad didn't pressure you to go to college? Yes. No. Okay, Great. So I'm a big fan of not going to college in two instances.

(23m 8s):
One, if the degree isn't the only way to do what I wanna do or if the degree isn't the best way to do what I want to do. In this case, you're presenting to Jade and I as though you don't know what you wanna do, but I got a feeling you might have some ideas. Is that true? Some, yeah. But yeah, not too positive. So, Alright, give me the most positive idea. You got the top of the list. We know it's not your favorite list, we know it's probably not gonna stay at the top of the list, but I'm just curious right now what's at the top of the list. And let me put it to you this way. I really wanna know what the top, if your list is and, and then, okay, if we were guaranteed we'd be successful at it, would it still be on the list?

(23m 50s):
So I'll ask you that in a second, but I'm preparing your brain. So first, what is at the top of your list? Some sort of fly fishing guide up in Montana probably. Wow. Fly fishing guide in Montana. Fantastic. Alright, now let's ask you that question. If I guaranteed you And you knew if a snap of my fingers you were gonna be very successful at being a fly fishing guide in Montana, would you pack it all in right now and head that way or would you still have questions? No, I, I would leave everything and go do that. Alright, now, so then tell me then what you meant by, well I got a list of ideas, Ken, but it's not real positive, is it that it's not positive 'cause you think it's a long shot, dare I say a fantasy to become a successful fly fishing guide.

(24m 43s):
Is that why you said it wasn't positive? Yeah. Okay. What makes you believe that? You can't be a fly fishing guide in any state, but Montana Just oversaturated. There's a whole bunch of 'em and, and I, I want something I can do is, is full-time in a career and they don't pay too good. So, Okay, great, great answer young man. Now why is it that fly fishing is at the top of the list? Describe why and gimme 10 seconds, don't make it sound pretty. Just tell me your guts. Why is that attractive to you? I've been doing it for five years and it's something that my grandparents got me into and it's just one of my favorite things.

(25m 29s):
So Yeah. But would you say you also love being outdoors? Yeah. Would you also say that the idea of wearing a white collared shirt and khaki pants and working in a cube sounds like misery. Is that true? Definitely. Alright. You love nature hunting, fishing, I'm guessing. Is this true? Yeah. Alright, So you know what I would be doing, I love that you've already gathered information that the fly fishing guide industry is pretty saturated and, and for a variety of reasons, which we don't need to discuss. It's very hard to make a living. However, would you say that there are multiple ways for a young guy like you who doesn't need a ton of money to get in and get started in other, and let's call it field and stream type stuff to borrow a magazine title, you know, whether it be the hunting wilderness or, or expeditions.

(26m 19s):
But anything that is outdoor whitewater rafting for to fishing, to hunting. Does it have to be fly fishing for you to get the same thing you get out of fly fishing? Yeah. Yes. It has to be. I would say so. Yeah. Yeah. Why can I ask why? It has to be specifically that, Like, I like being out in the woods, but like everything I do, just kind of, every time I see water or something or it, I just have a connection, the flash machine. So I don't really have, so you're telling me you couldn't get involved with anything else on the water in some type of stream or lake or something like that? Can I cut in and can I cut in? Yeah, I know what you're thinking. Go for it.

(26m 59s):
Ah, And, and this is, can you cut in? This might be something that came with age, Bryce. I'm, I'm an old head, but let me tell you, when I first started in music, I had, I knew I liked entertainment, I knew I loved being on stage and I knew I had a voice. And so my options, I didn't know all the options out there, but I thought that I was limited to one or two things that would make me happy in that career. Then something that happens and can you probably have the tech, the vocabulary for this, but what I found is as you start walking down a road And you start turning those door handles, other opportunities present themselves And you try them out And you realize, oh gosh, I never would've known that this would scratch that same itch and really be a better op a better fit for me down the road.

(27m 43s):
And so I'm just saying, you, you do wanna open up your, your eyes a little bit to other opportunities. Yeah. Bryce, you're gonna have to take some advice from your, your older bro and older sis on this one. 'cause we, we've been down this road and I understand at this point in your life where you go that one thing I really, really love is fly fishing. And when I'm doing that, I'm at peace. By the way, that can still be true, but it might be a hobby. It might be a hobby, yeah. It might be a little side hustle. But if I were you, I would head west young man and I would start working for an outfitter. I'd start working in that industry fishing. 'cause I, you know, part of me wants to go, I think you could be pretty happy if you head down to Florida And you were on one of those deep sea fishing boats and you're helping people pull a big old giant whatever out of the water.

(28m 31s):
Deadly ast catch. Yeah. Well now that's, oh that's, that's, that's next level. You're gonna scare the boy. You're gonna scare him. But Bryce, I I think you have to, here's my point to summarize this, yes, I would drop outta college. You don't have the money for it And you don't have the need for it. You don't need to degree to do what you want to do. And at this point in your life, you need to be away from family anyway. And, and I think there's some, some wisdom that you've got. I think you've shown some maturity there. And I would go explore and I would jump from, in this case I'm fine with you jumping from job to job thing to thing. Yeah. In that industry so that you figure out, 'cause Jade, you would've never guessed in a million years that you would've gone from where you went.

(29m 19s):
Yeah. Artist, volleyball player in college, you're all over cruise ships and now you literally co-host the second largest radio show in the world. One of the top podcasts in the world. You didn't see yourself sitting at this desk, this desk ever. It was never in your bingo card. Never. We evolve. I thought I wanted to be a recording artist and then I got an opportunity to work on cruise lines and I tried it, loved it, fell in love with It. And what did it and what did what, why, why would it help him to you see, you went on cruises and sang as a professional. Yeah, I did. And I fell in love with it. But I also saw a lot of needs in the market there. And it sparked an idea to start a business. And it's the business my husband runs to this day. It's his passion and life. Yeah. Never would've gotten to that. And, and that helped me find The Ramsey Show and it's what I'm doing today.

(30m 2s):
So we evolve as people. It's great to take that first, you know, spark and run with it. I agree. But you never know what it'll grow into. And Bryce, hear, hear what she just said. You don't have to start a business tomorrow or next year. Just go work and go work in that world that you know you love. It's similar to fly fishing. Don't limit yourself, but get in that area and I promise you with connections it's gonna take off. Hang on the line Christian. Let's give him a copy of my bestselling book, the Proximity Principle. This is a great read for you young man. This is The Ramsey Show.

(30m 38s):
Remember the good old days of the internet before it was a privacy nightmare filled with spammer, scammers, hackers, and fraudsters simpler times. Now I don't have a time machine, but I do have the next best thing. Delete me. Think of Deleteme as your online bodyguard helping to protect you from the risks of online scams and data breaches. Here's how they do it. They scour the web to find and remove your data from these sketchy data broker websites. And this includes your name, your phone number, your email, your address and more. And delete me. We'll send you a detailed report of what they did and how much time they've saved you and they've saved me 66 hours so far, which is more time I can spend trying to nail the wordle of the day on the first try. Delete Me has been around for over a decade and they now have over a hundred million data removals, which explains why they have a mountain of rave reviews and an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. It's been great for my family and I love getting fewer targeted ads, fewer spam texts, and fewer creepy robo calls. So this holiday season share peace of mind by gifting a delete me subscription to someone you love or even just like their individual plans. Start at just nine bucks a month And you can sign up today@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY for 20% off. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.

(31m 49s):
Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. The Ramsey Show annual listener survey is now live. We love to know your favorite parts of the show, what you like, what you don't, what you want to hear more about. Whatever it is. We do want to know what you want from us. We're here for you. So there's two ways to participate in this. Text the word survey to 3, 3, 7, 8, 9. That's 3, 3, 7, 8, 9. Text the word survey to 3, 3, 7, 8, 9. Or you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey or we've got a link in the show notes if you sign up to take the survey, you'll be entered to win a $500 Gift Card.

(32m 33s):
That is our appreciation to you. Alright, to the phones we go. McKayla is joining us now in Salt Lake City, Utah. McKayla, how can we help? Hi, how are you guys doing? Good, how are you today? Good. My question is, we recently found out through my sister-in-law, my husband and I, that there is inheritance money we did not know existed through my husband's parents who got it from his grandma and they, he's one of nine siblings and all of them have used that we know of have used that inheritance money for paying for grad school.

(33m 19s):
And we did not know this was available. We paid our way through grad school and my husband graduated about three years ago and we are in between baby steps three and four trying to save up for a house. And So we feel a little, I don't know. No, you feel a lot. Whatever you feel. It's a lot. Wait, are you in the will and it just wasn't distributed to you or were you not in the will to get it? We are not sure. It just slipped through. My sister-in-law this past weekend on a family trip that grandma's inheritance money paid for her husband, my brother's, my husband's brother, right.

(34m 3s):
To go through grad school and we asked, oh, is this the same for all other eight siblings? And she said, yeah, you guys didn't know. I'm like, interesting. No, we, we paid our way through grad school. Who's the executor? We're just, who's the, who's in charge of it? Probably I would guess my father-in-law. Okay. Have you gone to him or, well not you, but has your husband 'cause I feel like this is his Yeah. Battle by the way. Right. Has he gone to the grandfather and said no to his dad? Yeah. To his dad and said, did I, did I miss something I like and here's the thing and can hold me back. But you can't go in entitled, you just have to ask.

(34m 45s):
You'd be curious, Hey, I was on a trip and this was what I found out. I, I don't know, but it sounded like it was for everybody. And if it is, I wonder if we, you know, we're overlooked in some way. Can you gimme more information? Yeah. That, I guess that was part of my question. We have not approached him yet, or Hasn hasn't. 'cause I don't wanna come across as, you know, needy or, Well remember you don't need to be involved in this. Yeah. This is not your deal. Right. Your husband now, if you gotta give him a pep talk and fire him up and let him borrow some of your backbone, that's one thing. Yeah. But you don't talk, but you're involved. You don't say anything to the in-laws on this. Okay. Because is okay, is it possible that the sister-in-law doesn't know what she's talking about?

(35m 31s):
It's possible. I guess that's part of the issue is they're quite a bit younger than us and they own two properties and we are like, No, no, I get all this doing everything. First of all, I Have to save up her house. Wait a second, I detect something and I'm not trying to call you out, but I, I detect an air of, I wish, I'm not gonna say jealousy, but I detect an error of we should have what they have or they shouldn't have.

(36m 13s):
Does that make sense? I'm not, IM not trying to put you on the spot, But Yeah. So let's talk about this then. Let's pretend that you said, hey, we're not in the will. What gives, like what if you talked to what if your husband talks to the dad and it's like, sorry. Yeah. You weren't a part of this. What, what, what then would your attitude be towards it? I think I'd be okay with that. Okay. No, you wouldn't, you would not be. Okay. I I with, with being the only, your husband being the only sibling who didn't get some of this inheritance. I Mean, you'd at least have questions. Right? I would have questions but I, I don't think, I honestly don't think I'd have, I wouldn't ask any further.

(36m 57s):
Okay. Yeah. But I just wanna call this out. I know you're going another angle. No, you call it out Ken. I I'm not saying you're wrong. I think she kind of admitted to it. I couldn't hear her. But, but, but I, Mikayla is na it's very natural for you to feel this way because your husband feels though he might be wronged and when your husband or spouse, well this goes both ways, gets wronged. We, the spouse, we're On their side. We Just really get affected. So all of this is very normal. Glad you called us. We've already told you what we think, but your husband needs to sit with dad and soon and just ask questions. This is what I was, my wife was told, is this true?

(37m 39s):
He gets to the bottom of it and then you guys will have to deal with whatever that is. But make no mistake about it, her comment about the younger sibling and what they have, it's that Telling. It's Telling. But it's also, it's all coming from this one issue. It is. And and I think that when you're in baby step two, We could use it more than them. That's what this is. That Yes, that's what I'm getting at. Natural. When you're in a a tough spot, you're looking around and you're just kind of looking for anything you can hold too. I get it. Yeah. We're not, I wasn't saying that in a way to be definitely not ugly towards you, but it's worth examining and going, okay, what's my, like to your point Ken, what's my true feelings here?

(38m 20s):
And it's okay to have feelings. We then just have to make sure our response is the right, the Right way. And that's all I'm saying. Mikayla, I want you to feel okay to be angry. Yeah. Because if this is true, you and your husband have every right to be angry. Ken, I've told you the story before. When Sam and I got married, his grandfather, there were stipulations on the will and he's allowed to make those stipulations 'cause it was his money. Yeah. Right, right. And so the stipulation was you gotta marry someone else Jewish. And guess what Jade Warshot is not Really. Yeah. Did you not know? I'm just what gave it away? No, I'm just kidding. But So the, that was part of it. Did he uphold that? Did Grandfather, no, he did not get the money.

(39m 2s):
And so, I mean he, he stuck to his guns. The grandfather did. Well The grandfather passed away. So what ended up happening later on? Oh, that's right. Later on. It's in the will. Yeah, it's in the will. But later on his, his wife at the time said, I really like Jade. Oh. And I'm gonna, we're gonna make this happen. And She amended It. It got amended. And not only for me, but the other cousins who decided not to go that route. How about you? Yeah. Hey, cheers to her. By the way, I don't know if, listen, I don't know if it was right. Dave might be like, no, keep it the way, you know, the wishes are the wishes. But Wait a second. I don't know what Dave would say, but I'm, I'm not Dave. And I got a strong opinion on that. What if the, if the grandfather leaves the money to his wife, yes, he had explicit instructions.

(39m 42s):
But at the end of the day, he left it to her. She was very, It's now hers. She was very solid on the fact that if he had, she said if he had met you, he would've changed his mind. That's what she said to me. And I think she's right. But my point is, it's now her money. Yeah. She gets to decide what she's gonna do. That's, that's facts. That's Facts. Because he passed it to her. That's facts. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I can understand to your point, I can understand the feeling of having emotions Yeah. Around the thing. That's tough stuff. Tough stuff. It's not easy. Yeah. But in, in this case, and this is what I don't like for her, I don't like that sister-in-law dropped that. Yeah. On vacation.

(40m 22s):
And do you think there was a little intent behind it? Is that what you're saying? I Don't know. And I don't wanna go that route 'cause I don't think that's helpful to Michaela. I, what I am saying is I would immediately go into the father if I'm her husband. And because we don't know if sister-in-law knows what's going on with the nine other siblings. You know what, it's very Possible. Eight other siblings, unless She knows of a reason he could have been withheld, which we didn't ask her. Doesn't make Sense to me. It's Very possible he just got overlooked. Like, I don't buy that, that whoever the executor is just you don't buy it. Well, you know, now that you say that I, I have three kids. Yeah. And I remember telling Stacey like, 'cause we had three under the age of three.

(41m 3s):
That's kind of happened quickly for us. Ooh. Yeah it did. And I remember going as they got older going, oh boy, I'm glad we didn't have more than three. I don't understand how parents who have like six and seven keeping track eight and nine, how do they do it now? I can see maybe, maybe this happened. Maybe there's some money just sitting over there waiting to be collected. Maybe He's the middle child. I don't think so though. Yeah. All right. Good hour. Thanks for the call. McKayla. This is The Ramsey Show.

(41m 31s):
People tell me about their experiences With big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death and predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle. They created just four RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure So you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid Big Bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.

(42m 48s):
Welcome to The Ramsey Show where we help you win in your life. We want you to win with your money. We want you to win in your professional life. We want you to win in your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is joining me. Triple 8 8 2 five five two two five. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five is the number. Let's start in Casper, Wyoming. Marissa is there Marissa, how can we help today? Hi, thank you for taking my call. My husband and I are working on baby step number two and realized that we might be paying some stupid tax. We started at $133,000 in debt about six months ago and have paid off $16,000 already. Way to go.

(43m 28s):
However, my husband and I disagree about what we should do with our lease vehicle. Our original plan was to finish paying off our lease and then purchase it outright. That would be $42,000 in total. My husband thinks it's a good idea to get rid of the car by selling it back to the dealership and paying the difference of about $9,000. Doing this would help us get out of debt eight months sooner. But I'm worried it would leave us in a vulnerable state because we would only have my husband's old truck, which needs about $5,000 in work and has $440,000. I'm, I'm sorry, 440,000 miles. So my question is, should we get rid of the lease car to get out of debt sooner? Yes. But not necessarily with the idea of of only leaving you with that old truck.

(44m 12s):
I think it's a combination of both of it. So you say if you, if you finish paying out the lease in order to purchase it, is it an additional 42,000 or is it, is that what it will be? Have been all together? Yeah, so the 42 will be all together. It'll be 26,000 after the lease period. Okay, so you'll pay an additional 26,000 Yes ma'am. For a total of the 42. And then to get out of it, you will pay 9,000 but you'll be only left with a truck that's got 442,000 miles. So what would it look like if you got out of the lease and then you got a second beater and paid, you know, maybe $6,000 for it and so now you've, you're back to two vehicles but you're still $10,000 less debt.

(45m 1s):
And I'm just talking about on the extra portion of the lease, not the Okay. So we did, we reached out to the dealership originally we wanted, we tried to like try one of the lease swap options. We've had the car for just a year, but we've already used $2,000 worth of miles because we planned on purchasing it. The dealership did offer us $28,000 to basically get the car back. And again, we would have to pay the 9,000. We do have 9,000 saved. So we're kind of stuck there. My husband also works from home and he has a work vehicle as well in the event that he needs to travel or go anywhere. Okay. So he has a work vehicle plus the old truck.

(45m 42s):
Yes ma'am. And my point of view of it was like, you know, why would we get rid of the car? You know, we're already on plan to get out of debt in two years. The car is already factored into that. But my husband is like, oh well Dave would say get out of the car because you're gonna, you know, save $42,000. And my kind of question was, well you've Already sunk half the cost in, you've already sunk more than half the cost in. So I see what you're getting at. Let me ask another question to, to get at it another way. What's your income combined? So It's, it's 160,000 yearly. I don't work, I'm a stay at home mom. I have three boys, just had a set of twins a year ago. They're 18 months. So it's only his income.

(46m 23s):
He makes again 160,000 yearly and after tax that's about 9,500 monthly. You know, you have options here. You're, neither of you are wrong. It's just what you guys decide to do together because you are on the track to pay this off in two years or less. And because it's no more than 50% of your, you know, annual take home pay. Ken, I'm inclined to say you could keep it. You've already sunk a lot in. And honestly when you play out the difference, it's a $10,000 difference. It sounds like. If I'm doing the numbers as you know, quickly as I can in my head, it's up to you guys. And, and, and at the end of it you're left with a nicer vehicle, you know, a newer vehicle and then you've got the old vehicle, then you've got the, the work car.

(47m 7s):
Whereas if you were to get out of this, like I said, in order to really get into something you'd be paying 9,000 plus maybe another 8,000 for a vehicle. So the difference is pretty negligible. It's pretty negligible. I'd probably keep it Ken. And are You saying that Well, I, I agree with you, but are you saying that because of momentum? I'm saying that because the pay the You can go either way. I agree, but I'm saying why did you choose keep It? Because they've already, I'm saying because in order to keep the car it's as it is, it's as if they were gonna go out and buy a 26,000 car today. Like if she called me and said, Hey, I owe $26,000 on this vehicle, I'm filtering it like that.

(47m 48s):
So if you called me today and said, you know, I owe 26,000 on this, I'm $9,000 upside down, would, what would you do? I'd say keep it, 'cause it's essentially mathematically it's that it's the same thing. You'd have to pay the $9,000 difference and you'd have to get some cash aside to get you a beater. Yeah. And once you add all that up, it's a, it's gonna be a $10,000 difference. And So you could say anything to get outta debt faster. I'll take, you know, sure $10,000 is better than, you know. Right. Oh and oh and 1 23 is better than oh and 1 33 you might say that, but because your timeline is regular and you've got a good income and there feels like there's momentum here, I'd keep it.

(48m 28s):
And that's where I'm leaning momentum I is, is the deciding factor with us both agreeing that either, either or that's fine. But there's a momentum play there. And to your point 10 grand in the grand scheme of things here And knowing that she said, listen, the other car, they know $5,000 of work is coming up. It kind of just, it felt like it was eating away at that margin even faster. Yeah. If, if that's true. If that's accurate. Yeah. So, Alright, let's go to Jayden in Albany, New York, see if we can get a call in here. Jayden, how can we help? Thank you guys for taking my call. Sure. So I'm getting ready to be, I'm going tomorrow for a job. I start in two weeks.

(49m 8s):
I'm gonna be traveling. I have to cover my own hotels. Would it be worth it to get like a little tow behind camper? No more than $5,000 instead of paying for hotel rooms every week? Yeah. What, what are you estimating your hotel spend will be? So I'm gonna be staying at each job site for about four to six weeks. So I, from most hotels I know for around the $80 a night for what I'd be looking for. So Yeah, I probably, if that's what I was looking at, you start running the numbers on $80 a night. So with the tow behind, normally we're not fans of RVs and things like that, but in this case he's saving a lot of money.

(49m 54s):
I feel like that's a good move if I, unless I'm missing something. You start running the numbers on those four, four to six weeks. If you run the average five weeks, that's seven nights. Right. So you're, you're looking at 35 nights times $80. And you're doing that multiple times? Yeah, I probably would do something like that. Are you Paying for it outright or are you going into debt for it? You pay for it outright. You pay for it outright. Yeah. How long are you gonna be doing this job? Is this what you do for four to six weeks out of the year or 46 weeks? Every six. Like how, what's the frequency that this is happening? So I would be working in the Albany area some weeks.

(50m 36s):
I would be working in Florida. Some weeks I'd be out in Washington State. I, but I'd be a boiler for the boiler ERs union. But you said four to six weeks. Is that for the whole year or that you, you're doing that? No, it could be per, it could be four to six weeks. Go to another job site. Got you. Four To Six weeks. So he's gonna rack up some money pretty Quick or, yeah, I, yeah. If that's, I'm not into those things 'cause they go down in value, but I would be looking for a creative solution. Let me put it to you like that. Well, a little $5,000 one that he pays in cash. Yeah. And it saves him thousands of dollars. Yeah. Yeah. Long term. Yeah. Yeah. Boy. Staying in $80 a night. Hotels, I'd rather stay in something that I know. Yeah, I know. You know what I'm saying?

(51m 16s):
You've seen an $80 a night in hotel lately And I am telling you, ah, I'm not going. Woo. Gotta get out those Lysol wipes. This is The Ramsey Show.

(51m 28s):
Self-defense can be a complicated issue, but there's one solution that makes it a lot easier. A burna launcher Bernas look like firearms, but they're not. They're non-lethal self-defense tools. They shoot chemical irritant projectiles that stop a threat in its tracks without the fatal consequences of a gun burn. Launchers have been vetted by government agencies, police forces, and private security agencies worldwide. And no permits or background checks are required to buy or own. One plus burners are lightweight, easy to carry and Give you the power to protect yourself and your family even if you're not comfortable with traditional firearms. Not to mention they have more than 15,005 star reviews. And right now RAMSEY fans can get 10% off an exclusive bundle, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and ammo, and other burna products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off. For our listeners, just go to Byrna dot com slash Dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave.

(52m 46s):
Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade. Look, let's be real. With everything that's been going on, staying on track with your money gets tough between bills trying to pay off debt, saving money. Honestly, it's a lot and I've been there. That's why I'm excited to tell you that Dave RAMSEY and I are hosting a free live stream on January 23rd to help you take control of your money in 2025. Plus, Rachel Cruz and George Kamel are also gonna join us for a live q and a where you can finally get your money questions answered on the spot. And check this out, you could win $4,000 in cash. It's a giveaway. Imagine what you could do with all that money. All you've got to do to enter the giveaway is to sign up for the live stream. That's it. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream and sign up today.

(53m 39s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Col. Jade Warshaw joins me and we're here for you. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5.

(53m 47s):
The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi student loan debt is a swamp. Thousands of people find it hard to escape from. So don't be another statistic in the student loan swamp for distressed private student loans. There's Why Refi we trust. Why Refi? Because they help you with a low fixed interest rate you couldn't get anywhere else to help you stick to your budget and get outta debt. Learn more at Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.

(54m 16s):
Alright, Turn that mic on. All right. Today's question comes from Carlos in Texas. My parents both work and I'm fortunate that they have provided well for my sister and me. They have always planned to pay my way through college like they did for my sister. The problem is that I want to pursue a career in medicine. I know that it's extremely expensive. I know that it's an extremely expensive choice and I don't want my parents to be paying off my education forever. I will start applying to colleges soon and have applied for scholarships, but was wondering what else I could do as a 16-year-old to start earning on my own to help them pay for my education. Anything and everything. Yeah, All of The, when you're 16 you kind of got a wide open list, but you also have a a lid, right?

(55m 1s):
Yeah. Yeah. So you know, there's like certain things you're just not gonna get. So that's everything from I'm bagging groceries or working at my grocery store. Yeah. I am providing some type of specific services. Babysitting. Right? That's a good one. I am pressure washing. I'm cleaning trash cans. I'm scooping dog dooo. I remember years ago on The Ken Coleman Show, I shared a story of a 14-year-old who started a, a pooper scooper business in his neighborhood and bought himself a $14,000 boat. Holy smokes. Wow. 14. That's something. Went around and said, Hey, do you have dogs? If you do, I'll get it. And you're tired of scooping the poop. This is what I charge. I come by every week and he just went door to door.

(55m 43s):
And you know, there's a combination there of moxie and some people are like, I'm gonna help this young man out. Yeah, Sure, sure. But then there's just a thing where you went, you just eliminated something that every dog owner wishes they didn't have to do. They love the dog. Hundred percent. I love my dogs. Lemme tell you what, I don't love pooping the scoop. Yeah. So pooping the pooper. Like what can a 16-year-old do? Anything that you can do, do it. Yeah. At this point. And, And you got a wide array of things. Your hourly jobs working for companies. Scholarships, but, But yeah. Scholarships, full-time job. You know, I would just get after it and set a goal, set a goal that's reachable, reach that goal and then start upping that goal.

(56m 24s):
In other words, you know, it could be intimidating for anybody but certainly a 16-year-old to set a goal. I wanna make $30,000 no set a goal for, I gotta make $10,000 as quick as I possibly can. Get a little poster board out, stack 500 there I stack 1200 year, Make the little thermometer and all. Yeah. And I think that's what I would tell what what would you add to that? 'cause you're very enterprising. I love what you said Ken. I think that's exactly right. Yeah. I, I think applying for scholarships becomes your secondary full-time job. Yeah. If working is full-time, there are so many scholarships out there and now you're still young, you still have time to add things to your scholastic resume. Yeah.

(57m 4s):
To be eligible for more. If that makes sense. So I think those two things combine. I also think sitting down and have a con, having a conversation with your parents about what the parameters are, what the limitations are. If I'm going to me medical school, what does that mean? What can we, you know, what can they afford to pay for And is that the schools that the type of schools that you're looking at? So really having clear expectations is gonna be a big part of this as well. Yeah. Love that. Alright, let's go to Jerry now in Kansas City. Jerry, how can we help? Hey, thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's going on? I'm a little nervous so You're doing great. I'm 57. I just wanna need, I wanna know what I need to do to retire.

(57m 46s):
I put a little bit into the work retirement I think got maybe 30,000 in it. I only owe 27 on my mortgage. 27,000. What's The house rate Been working? What's it worth? Maybe one 50. Okay. I don't know. I mean honestly I've had it for a while. Like just got divorced in the last seven years and I'm just trying to get things straightened out. What's your income? 57,000. And do you have any debt at all other than the house? I do not. Okay. So, and I do have my three to six months emergency fund.

(58m 26s):
Great. Okay good. So what Do you do for a living? I work for the state of Kansas. I am a barbershop inspector. No way. That's cool. How many barber shops does one inspect in a given week? Honestly, it just depends on what part of Kansas I'm going. If I'm going to a city or going to western Kansas where it's all windshield time. Yeah. I do the whole state. Well I'm gonna turn you over to my colleague. She's got our retirement calculator handy, ready to go and she can walk you through that. But one of the things I would just, just kind of put in your mind to think about after this call and over the next couple days is how can you increase your income at 57?

(59m 9s):
I I think you can. I know you can, but at 57 I'd like to see you dramatically increase your income. I really would. And what I mean by dramatically is I'd like to see you try to get it to six figures And you may have to do that through two jobs. Yeah. But I just think you've got this opportunity right now of such low expenses. It sounds like to me. You have no debt, you almost have a paid four house. You're in a position now that My expenses are about 2000 a month. Exactly. Okay. So I I, I have about a thousand a month to play with right now. And that's just, right now I am really in favor of you. Jay's gonna Give you some real numbers. But I would circle a number and I think Jade will help you at the end of this call, have a number in your mind and go, if I earn this much and I put all that into retirement, I think you could be surprised what she comes up with.

(59m 59s):
And with that I passed the baton but I won't even making more money 'cause I think he's got a chance to really make up ground. Yeah, I agree. So right now you said your budget is, you're spending 2000 per month, but you've got a margin of 1000. So 3000 is what you, is what you're living on right now, right? My brain home, yes. Yeah. Okay. So the idea here is the idea is when you retire, whatever that nest egg is, there's a couple of things here. You want to be able to live off the interest and not really have to pull from the principle. Right. That would be ideal. Okay. Is what we're looking at. And then the other part of that is, the way that you make that an even less stressful situation is you just lower your general expenses, which you've done a really good job of doing and paying off the house would be like kind of the final nail in that, that tree there.

(1h 0m 46s):
So tell me again because I was putting numbers in your house is worth one 50. Did I hear that? Yes. I, I would guess, I Dunno. And what and what do you owe on it? Market is And what'd you say? You own it? 27. Okay. So you'll be done with that in no time. But to Ken's point, you're going to have to increase your income. 'cause at this point, if you're just investing 15%, like we say off that gross number, if you continue to do that, let's say you stop working at 68, you're gonna have about $260,000 in retirement. Okay. And if we're talking about just living off the interest 10% of that, that's not a living for you. Right? So we need to essentially double that. So what if you do what Ken said and then you go from, you know, putting $712 a month into retirement And you go to putting $1,400 a month into retirement, well suddenly that doubles what you have there and you're closer to $450,000.

(1h 1m 39s):
Do you see what I'm saying? So this really is an equation that is tied directly to your income. It is directly This point. And the great news is, Jerry, you have such little expense And you sounds like you're very feral. I do. So this is increasing your income. Yeah. And here's the deal. A guy like you, you know that state job, I'll bet you, you know, I know you have a lot of travel there. I would start thinking about transitioning out of that. But I know you probably love those state benefits and you're probably counting on some of that. But I would really Look at that experience that you have being an inspector, you're detail guy. I just think kicking the tires to see what, what other career path similar to that kind of work. But in the private sector would pay and, and or some part-time work or contract work.

(1h 2m 25s):
Because if I could double my income And you were to put the doubling away, yes. You're gonna really be comfortable. Oh Really be. Yeah. Especially for you. You could at one point you'd be able to invest beyond the 15%. I agree. And that's gonna be a huge for you because listen, social security, we don't know what's gonna happen with that. Yeah. We already know in the next 10 years. Yeah. Benefits could be Oh yeah. Significantly less So we don't wanna depend on that. Yeah. But you can do this Jerry. The the best is yet to be for you. But I, I do think it's setting your eyes a little higher on income and invest in yourself and I think you're gonna be very, very, very stable. Alright, quick break. We'll be right back with more of The Ramsey Show.

(1h 3m 12s):
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey folks, we all have stories. The family and cultural stories that we were born into. The stories of the things that have happened to us, both good and bad and the stories that we constantly tell ourselves. And while we can't go back and change any of our old stories, the world is waiting to see what you and I are gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I wanna encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new ones you're writing. And I'm not talking about goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life forever for the better. And if you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories, even heal from them and begin to write new ones. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is 100% online therapy And you can talk with a licensed therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with the licensed therapist And you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.

(1h 4m 29s):
Hey Dave RAMSEY here. Dr. John Delony and I are coming to a city near you on the money and Relationships Tour. You. The audience will vote to choose the topics we talk about things that impact your life, like investing in your future money, stress in marriage and more. We're coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth, and Phoenix in April and May, 2025 tickets are at their lowest price right now. Grab yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.

(1h 5m 4s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. We'd love to help you. Jade's gonna lead out on any of your money questions and I'll lead outs on your income questions. We wanted to make more money so that we can actually do good things with it. As we've said on the show for many, many, many years, your income is your greatest wealth building tool and I wanna help you win it work. So we're making more money, so call away and we'll do our best to help out. Luke is gonna start us off in Atlanta, Georgia. Luke, how can we help today? Hey, how are you guys doing? We're Doing well. Luke, what's going on? So my wife and I, we graduated college.

(1h 5m 47s):
We both borrowed about a hundred thousand in student loans. And now each of us, like just the, over the course of it, we've, we've got about 200,000 each in debt. So we've got about double it's doubled interest and just trying to, you know, see about, you know, like a refinance, just what options, you know, like just some, some guidance. So just to clarify, you both borrowed a hundred thousand each and over the course of time, both of your a hundred thousands have doubled and now you owe 400,000. Is that correct?

(1h 6m 27s):
Yeah. Yeah. So it's, yep, that's, that sounds right. Okay. How much time? I'm just curious. So we, we got our associates which took like, you know, like two years and then finished a bachelor's, which like was two and a half closer to like three years. Just like how the semesters worked out. But it doubled in that amount of time. Amount time, yep. So over the course, so I don't know exact like my goodness specifics of my wife's okay, but like myself and it seems like a bunch of people that I, I know they're in the same like, you know Yeah. It's Rate, it's because your in your payment isn't covering the interest and So you, your loan is not moving.

(1h 7m 9s):
You, you're paying payments but your loan is not moving. The, the toll is Not right. So I, so my, it's growing my minimum, my minimum payment is 2,800 and something. Ooh. And that's only, I like did the math and I'm only pay, it's only five. Only 500 of that is going towards the principal. Yeah, Exactly. Okay. So 2300 is, is is going to interest. Tell me about your, yeah, listen, this is a lot of debt. We're gonna help you out. Tell me about you guys' income. 'cause I'm hoping that you've got some jobs that are paying. Yeah, so I, I'm a pharmaceutical rep. I make like, like my base, I make about one 30.

(1h 7m 53s):
Okay. But I, I am projected I should make over 300 this year. Okay. What about your wife? Excellent. My wife, she, she stays home with our, our daughter and she's currently pregnant again. So she'll be just a stay at home mom with, with our children. Well, let's see about that. So what did, what was her career before she stayed at home with the kids? She was an office manager for a dental surgeon. Okay. And what did she earn doing that? Probably like 45 year. Is that what her a hundred thousand dollars degree was for?

(1h 8m 36s):
Yes. Okay. So there is a part of this equation, we'll get to it in a minute. There is a part of very real part of this equation where she would be working in order to help out with this. And there might be a daycare situation there because you guys have a lot of debt. I was hoping that you were gonna say you made 300 and your wife made 200. You making 300 is really, really good. But just the 400,000 in student loans, I'm guessing there's debt other places as well. Am I right? No, we, we, we rent I have a like a a car. Yeah. Tell me about that. Like payment. I just, it's, I put zero down. I have the, the good credit. Like Yeah, but tell me, what do you own on it?

(1h 9m 16s):
Credit cards. It's a, what I owe on it. I think I owe like 28,000. Okay. What about your wife's car? It's paid for. Okay. Anything else? Credit cards. He locks. Tell me any other debt you have. 'cause it pay into this. Just, just student loans and then just my car. Okay. So 4 28 is what we're looking at. You're making 300. So this is kind of like the person who makes $60,000 a year but owes one 60. Right. You you, it, it's, the ratio is the same. So there is gonna be a level of sacrifice if you wanna get out of this quickly, you could talk to my friends at Laurel Road. They offer student loan refinancing for high income earners. And So you have the opportunity that maybe you could get a lower payment at a lower rate.

(1h 9m 59s):
What's your rate right now? Your interest rate? So I have 12, is it 12 different loans? I think, I think I have 12 because I went, you know, like I I would, I went like spring, summer and fall. Yeah. Yeah. But They're all Different. They're anywhere from 11. Yeah. Like they're anywhere from 11, just say 11 to like 14 in some change. Listen, I, so I, I talk to 'em because a lot of what they're offering is 5% and lower. So I would do that. Jesus. I'm not saying that it'll happen and that you qualify, but I would definitely look into that because for you it sounds like you could actually be a good candidate for that.

(1h 10m 40s):
Because what I'm looking for, what I'm always looking for with student loans is a way to lower those minimum payments so that you can focus more of your freed up money on the smallest debt and knock it out. Because with these student loans, even though you have this grand amount, it's still, like you said, broken into a bunch of littler loans. So if you do the debt snowball, which is what we teach, you're listing all of those little loans from smallest to largest And you Yep. And knocking off the That's right. Small ones. The bigger and the bigger. That's right because we already have, we actually in high school we did a Dave RAMSEY, like, like our math class. We had the whole, you know, we did like took the whole Dave RAMSEY course. Yeah. And yeah, So we already have like, So we have like, you know, we already have over 10,000 saved, but it just, you know, like the payments so much that it's like it there, you know, if you don't pay more than just like the minimum payment of 2,800 and That's right, you're gonna pay on it literally forever.

(1h 11m 35s):
That's right. And if you're, if you're not satisfying the interest in your, within your payment, you're gonna pay forever and you're not gonna see the loans go down. 'cause you have you seen your balance go down? You've, you told me you've seen it go up. I've just seen It go up. That means that is a clear sign that you a had it in forbearance for a certain amount of time and the interest continued to accrue or the, the, the ratio of your payment is not actually satisfying the interest. So the way to get out of that is to make sure your pay really would be your payment getting higher so that you're satisfied the interest And you paying it off. 'cause money's going towards the principle. So again, I rarely say this, but I would,

(1h 12m 13s):
I would contact Laurel Road and see if you can get a lower payment. And the point is not, the point of a lower payment and lower interest is not. So you can keep your debt around forever and be comfortable with it. The point of it is so that, like I said, you can have the margin to pay it off faster.

(1h 12m 26s):
And you're right, a 28 a hundred dollars minimum payment. Listen Luke, I know how that feels. You know, my a hundred, my husband and I had 280 of student loans, but 460 total debt. So I get that feeling. I'm right there with you. The good news is you've got a good shovel. I do think that it could be worth talking about your wife going back to work. I don't know what the timeframe or horizon of that is. But the solution to this problem is a lower lowering your expenses, which, let's talk about that for a minute. When you make $300,000 a year in your mind, you should be driving the Tahoe. You know what I'm saying? Like, in your mind you should be going, I don't know, to a nice steakhouse and to, in your mind, you should be going on vacations, but that's not gonna be the reality for you right now.

(1h 13m 10s):
IIII Wanna lean in on something you just said. Something I think is good. Luke, if your wife, if you could just snap your fingers based on her degree, what she's done in the past, what could she make ballpark be conservative if she went back to work tomorrow, we had something sitting there waiting for her. What, how, what do you think she could make? Probably 80 to 85. That'd Be A huge difference, bro. I have that conversation. 'cause let's take, let's say you put every bit of that take home to these student loans, you're paying this thing off a lot faster than you think. Yeah, that's what I, I actually just talked to her about that. And you know, just, you know, the irony of this is she's A-A-A-A-A business economics, like a guru.

(1h 13m 52s):
And I'm a an economics minor and you know, just going through, you know, school, no, we didn't qualify for any grants help or whatever. The only way we were getting through, you know, Oh it's a racket, doing It is, is you know, doing it. And then, then you're like, well that was a bad idea. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You guys, you guys are poster children for this racket. The federal government soapbox warning, federal government has turned itself into a bank. It was never intended to be a bank. The student loan program, make no mistake about it, is a bank for the government to make money off the backs of the people is supposed to serve. And this couple is an example. So I'd get real aggressive, try to knock it out quickly because this stuff you just don't want it hanging around forever.

(1h 14m 36s):
And please, if you're listening to this, don't go get a student loan. This is The Ramsey Show.

(1h 14m 46s):
Hey, George Kamel here. So you're thinking about buying or selling your home. It's exciting, but there's a lot to think about. And all those decisions can feel overwhelming. Well, here's the good news. You don't have to tackle the process alone. Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base is the place to find all of your free tools and resources for help to get prepared to buy or sell your home with confidence. You'll find calculators start to finish, guides a podcast, and even an in-depth video course hosted by yours, truly what's not to love. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.

(1h 15m 25s):
Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is joining me. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. We'd love to have you join us. So every day we take calls on The Ramsey Show and we don't know what happens after we hang up the phone. You know, did they take our advice? Sometimes we go, maybe they shouldn't, You know, who knows? We don't always have great days, right? But this is fun.

(1h 15m 55s):
The latest episode of 90 Day Money Makeover is now available on our YouTube channel. Episode two features, Sean and is it Dara or Dara? Dara. Dara who just cut their income in half after welcoming their new baby boy. And now Dara is working part-time. They're gonna have to make other significant lifestyle changes to continue paying off debt, but they don't have to do it on their own because my pardon over here, Jade Warshaw is walking alongside of them. This is so fun. This is kinda like your version of extreme whole makeover, huh? You're kind of getting in with folks. Listen, I'm sitting down with 'em. I'm just guiding 'em. Cameras rolling. Coaching 'em up. They're, they're the heroes. They're the ones actually getting in there and making life changes. And pro really, what I love most about it, Ken, is it's real. Like this is not a scripted show. This is not a, you know, full makeup, hair and makeup show. This is, we're going into real people's lives into their house And, you know, and, and, and seeing how real things play out. Because the truth is you get the advice and then you sit down And you sit at the table with your spouse and go, okay, what are we gonna do? That's the truth. Yeah. And you, and, And you pick on the list of tough things. You go, okay, let's do this one, let's do this one. Yeah. You know, maybe we're not ready to do this one yet, but we'll go, that's, that's real. Yeah, absolutely. Very few people. I mean, I don't know. I, I feel sometimes that if we give a, if we write a prescription, I don't know everybody that follows it to the T but it, it, you can still make a lot, a lot of life change, you know, in a, in a short period of time. So we did that, Sean and Dara, you gotta watch it. Their income went from 200,000 to 100,000 when she stayed at home with their new baby boy. And they made a lot of sacrifices to pay off a, a good amount of debt. So I won't give it away, but take a look at it. You can find it. Well hey, you can find it on the Ramsey Network app where you go, but you can also find it on the, the highlights page. RAMSEY Show YouTube channel 90 Day Money Makeover is what you're looking for there. And this was really fun. So this will really inspire you. By the way, speaking of the Ramsey Network app, it's the only place to get the full episode. That's three hours of The Ramsey Show. That's the only place you can get all three hours. Download it for free using the link in the show notes or searching Ramsey Network in your app store. If you're on radio, don't worry. After this angle we continue our third hour. So again, the Ramsey Network app only place to get all three hours of The Ramsey Show.

(1h 18m 12s):
Alright, let's get to Bianca in Washington. DC Bianca, how can we help? Hi, I'm a single mom of two of four and nine month old. Bless your heart. I have a mortgage, a car I'm upside down on. Yes, I have credit cards, student loans that I don't currently pay on. To be honest, I don't even know what the status is. Okay. And I just am looking for a means to, and I just downloaded the every dollar and started filling out the budget.

(1h 18m 55s):
I'm cutting out things like Hulu, I've just deactivated it, which is hard. But that's good. I'm, I mean I am ready to take those hard steps, but honestly childcare in this area is like the wild, wild west. And I do get help with one daughter, but the other one I'm solely on my own. So I'm looking at 1700 a month. Okay. I make one 15. But after like healthcare for all of us and everything, it just seems like, I don't know what, what I'm doing. I don't even, So, okay.

(1h 19m 38s):
Take a deep breath 'cause it is a lot. Just take a deep breath and blow it all out. Okay. Good job on the income. $115,000. Single mom. Bravo. That's very good. You're right. Childcare is expensive. 1700 for the one feels. Now I'm not in your area so I don't, you know, maybe I don't know, but it does. No, That's 1700 for both. Oh, for both. Okay. That's good. That is good. That is good. Good. When you do your budget, when you put it into every dollar, what did you find? Were you in the red? Yes. Okay. I'm in the red. How much were you in the red? About 700. Okay. And right now is it credit cards that's covering that 700 in the red?

(1h 20m 21s):
Yes. Okay. So tell me more about the actual numbers on the debt. Can you tell me what you owe on your car? On my car I owe 11,000 4 0 2. Okay. Do you know what it's worth? CarMax say like 3,200. Okay. Okay. Tell me about the credit cards. What do you owe on those? About 3,700. Okay. 3,700 student loans. What do you owe on that? 71,000. Ooh mama. 8 52. Okay. And that's on a zero payment right now or? Yes. Okay.

(1h 21m 1s):
And then tell me about your mortgage. What, what do you owe on it and what's the thing worth? So I owe 2 76 and right now I think it's worth a little under 400,000. Oh, interesting. And I took maternity leave, but my job doesn't offer it, so I did short term disability and I took a hit there. So I'm in forbearance with my mortgage company that's coming to an end. So I've been making half payments. Okay. So, So you're with forbearance that, when does that come to an end?

(1h 21m 45s):
When do you start paying the full payment again? Next month. And when you do that, does that mean you're gonna be more than $700 in the red or is that 700 with the full mortgage mortgage payment That is 700 with the full mortgage payment. Okay. Phew. Okay, good. So this is, this is a tough equation. Are there things in your budget that you can cut out? Is, I mean, 'cause the truth is the, your lar here's the truth. Your largest debt is, you're not even making a payment on it. So we can kind of just for the purpose of this, kind of put it out of our mind. So if we do that for a moment, we go, well wait a second now, now I'm on the hook for $14,000 just with the car and the credit card.

(1h 22m 28s):
So let's look at it in smaller chunks and go, how quickly could I pay off $14,000? Okay. That's what we're solving for right now. And so with this childcare thing, you've got a 4-year-old, when do they go to kindergarten? Because a lot's gonna pop off when you get one of these outta daycare. So she'll be, she can go in 2026 because her birthday is late in November. Okay. That late birthday. Okay. So there, there is, there is a light at the tunnel there. Let me tell you, I couldn't wait till my son went to kindergarten. There is a light at the end of the tunnel. It doesn't come as quickly as we want. I'm not trying to whis your time away with your little ones, but you know what I'm saying. Saying, is there anything you can do to clear that $700 if you walk through your budget?

(1h 23m 12s):
Is there anything, 'cause I'm talking about everything. Here's where I want you to look. Non bud non spending items. I want you to look at your withholding, let's find out if we're getting a tax refund every month or at the, at the end of the year. That's money that you could be having in your budget every single month. So do you get one? I I'm looking forward to getting one this year. I'm not absolutely sure 'cause I did like the exemption 'cause I needed all the cash. Yeah. Okay. So Just kind of dug myself out of that hole. 'cause I had a tax bill. So this year when you get your taxes back, that's gonna be a tell all for you. If you're getting back $3,000 or whatever it is, you need to go and change your withholding because essentially that $3,000 you could be getting throughout the different checks you get every month.

(1h 24m 1s):
Right? Right. So if that's the case, I want you changing that next thing, are you investing at all? I have a 401k. I do the match. My company matches up to 4%. Okay. So how much is that? Every, every check. I think it is roughly around like a little under 300. Mama. There it is. We need that a little under 300. Every check that's getting really close to $700 a month. So let's take that. We're gonna temporarily pause that, that investing until we get this, this debt cleaned up. And then other places that you can look, obviously you're starting the right thing with subscriptions.

(1h 24m 45s):
Go through with a fine tooth comb. Their first thing is to get outta the red. And then we can start talking about ways to increase the income so that we can start making extra payments. Focus on the car and the credit card. You can do this. Call us back if you need some help. Thanks For the call me Onca. We're cheering for you. This is The Ramsey Show.

(1h 25m 31s):
Hey, what's up guys? Episode two of 90 Day Money Makeover is available right now on YouTube. This series follows real people as they take on the challenge of transforming their finances and their lives in just 90 days. In this episode, watch as they face new obstacles, celebrate wins and push forward on their journey. And of course I'll be walking alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a little sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. Me and Dara, Back in November, having you son a baby boy, we'd have $87,000 in debt. I've been in debt since I was like 18 years old.

(1h 26m 14s):
I gave birth to him. I knew, I said I cannot leave him with someone that I don't know. I don't care if we're eating rice and beans. Sean. I told him there was no going back. When you guys called into The Ramsey Show, it was like, I think that we should push them harder. Baby Jonathan being born is a wake up call for us to finally change. I can't go on another month, Wake up call, you know, the next 20 Years. This is important. You know, we gotta get this right. Do you want to pay off your debt? You want get your time back, you want to get your home? Nothing. You search those three.